



Download Request: Select Items: 501-998
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  14:54:26 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (misconduct USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  December 12, 1996, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

ON WASHINGTON;
Trade journal says Dole should leave Red Cross

BYLINE: Compiled by Ernie Freda

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 08A

LENGTH: 942 words


The NonProfit Times, a national business publication for executives of nonprofit
organizations, has called on Elizabeth Dole to step down as president of the
American Red Cross.

With the presidential election over, Dole is scheduled to return to her job at
the organization' helm next month.

The monthly publication, in an editorial, acknowledged that the American Red
Cross was a troubled business when Dole took it over five years ago, but said it
remains troubled "both financially and managerially," with a lack of progress
since.

"If results do not meet expectations after the first year," said he editorial,
"it is common for the board to accept the explanation that the other guy had
created a bigger mess than initially believed. . . . But after five years of
less than sterling results, the mess is yours. You can't blame the previous
managers."

NonProfit Times suggested that Gene Dyson, former head of the Georgia Industry
Association, who held Dole's organization together as acting president while she
campaigned with her husband, Bob, be given the controls permanently.

Starrs and Barrs

Rep. Bob Barr (R-Ga.) called on President Clinton to publicly denounce
Democratic operative James Carville's campaign to discredit Whitewater
independent counsel Kenneth Starr as politically motivated. "Carville is trying
to draw attention away from the very serious allegations of misconduct leveled
at the Clinton White House," Barr said Wednesday in a Fox News Channel
interview. Barr said he intends to "push aggressively to have Carville's actions
examined legally and to determine how involved the White House has been."
Earlier this month, Barr urged U.S. Attorney Eric Holder of the District of
Columbia and Rep. Henry Hyde (R-Ill.), chairman of the House Judiciary
Committee, to investigate possible obstruction of justice on Carville's part.

Women warriors

Rep. Cynthia McKinney (D-Ga.) and other members of the House National Security
Committee, went on a fact-finding trip to Aberdeen Proving Ground, Md., the
training center plagued by charges of sexual assault and misconduct by officers
and drill sergeants on female recruits. "You cannot study national defense from
your drill sergeant in a classroom during the day," she said, "and have to
practice self-defense from him in you barracks at night."

Cooley to plead innocent

A defiant Rep. Wes Cooley says he will plead innocent next week to what he
called "trumped up" charges that he falsely claimed in state voter guides that
he served in Korea. The lame-duck GOP freshman, who dropped his re-election bid
after being accused of lying about his military background, told Portland TV
station KATU Wednesday night: "This is a bunch of trumped up business . . . I'm
sure I will be vindicated on all these charges. If you look at the whole
situation, I'm kind of happy now that it will finally go to court." A federal
grand jury is also investigating whether Cooley, 64, lied about when he got
married so his wife could fraudulently continue to collect benefits as a Marine
widow. The indictment was made public Wednesday.

Dig at Cisneros

Housing Secretary Henry Cisneros' public criticism of a proposal to slice $ 1
billion from housing programs drew displeasure from the White House. The
outgoing secretary's criticism, contained in a memo to the Office of Management
and Budget, surfaced in The Wall Street Journal. That prompted White House press
secretary Mike McCurry to take a dig at Cisneros, saying the secretary's
argument "would have been much more influential if (he) made it directly to the
OMB first."

- ELSEWHERE

President Clinton will pay a holiday visit to Marines recently returned from
six-months in the Mediterranean and their families at Camp Lejeune, N.C., on
Dec. 23. . . . New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Sen. Alfonse D'Amato laid
their long public feud to rest in front of hundreds of fellow Republicans at a $
1,000-a-ticket D'Amato fundraiser where the two reconciled with a handshake and
embrace on stage. . . . Defeated Rep. Bob Dornan (R-Calif.) has sent three
fund-raising letters to the legions of mom 'n' pop donors who have sent him
millions of dollars in small donations in the past to pay for a recount of last
month's loss to Democrat Loretta Sanchez. . . . Senior presidential adviser
George Stephanopoulos, besides signing on as visiting professor of political
science at Columbia University, will become a contributing correspondent for ABC
News. . . . Female presidential aides were all smiles when John F. Kennedy Jr.,
a member of the President's Committee on Mental Retardation, popped into his
father's old office at the White House - without new bride Carolyn Bessette.

- DULY NOTED

"This collaboration of the cities and counties symbolizes the vision of the
President's Council (on Sustainable Development). By combining the leadership
and resources of our cities and counties we will be better able to support
demonstration projects which implement innovative approaches to urban and county
management, joint planning efforts which tackle issues like brownfields
redevelopment and offer on-site and peer- to-peer technical assistance." -
Fulton County Commissioner Michael Hightower, president of the National
Association of Counties, discussing the creation of the Joint Center for
Sustainable Communities at the White House with Vice President Al Gore.

- TODAY'S AGENDA

HOT TOPIC: Sen. Dan Coats (R-Ind.) and House Budget Committee Chairman John
Kasich (R-Ohio) hold a forum on their "Project for American Renewal," a proposed
tax credit for charitable gifts.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: These briefs first ran in the Today's News edition of The Atlanta
Journal.

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Elizabeth Dole

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

BRIEF: Man faces sexual misconduct with minor charge

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 173 words


Aug. 08--A Rockville man alleged to have had sex with a 14-year-old in June is
now behind bars, authorities said.

Jeremy Nathaniel Wayne Ricketts, 27, of Rockville was brought to the Clay County
Justice Center on Thursday where he was booked in for a charge of sexual
misconduct with a minor, a felony, police said.

In a news release issued on Friday, the Clay County Sheriff's Department stated
that it received the sexual misconduct complaint on June 30 alleging that
Ricketts had sex with a 14-year-old girl. The detectives interviewed several
people during the investigation "including someone who actually witnessed the
incident taking place," police said.

An arrest warrant was then issued for Ricketts, police said. Earlier this week,
he was pulled over in Vermillion County and arrested on the outstanding warrant
before being transferred to the jail in Clay County, officials said.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150808-TX-BRF-Man-faces-sexual-misconduct
-with-minor-charge-0808-20150808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Thomasville Times-Enterprise (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 13, 2015 Saturday

'Misconduct' cited in Boston police chief firing

BYLINE: Patti Dozier, Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


June 13--THOMASVILLE -- On a motion citing misconduct, Boston City Council voted
unanimously Thursday to fire the town's police chief.

Andra Williams was fired on a motion by Mayor Pro Tem Richard Reynolds that
cited "misconduct and conduct reflecting discredit on the city and department."

Boston city policy calls for an employee to be given a 10-day notice that they
will be terminated. Reynolds' motion calls for Williams' termination to be
effective Sunday, June 21.

Meanwhile, Williams is on suspension with pay.

Thomas County Sheriff's Office personnel were asked to be present when Williams
was terminated, said Lt. Tim Watkins, sheriff's office chief investigator. Four
officers stood by until Williams left city premises.

"We were just making sure there were no problems or incidents," Watkins said
Friday.

Thomas County Sheriff Carlton Powell sent Watkins twice in recent days to talk
to Williams about complaints the sheriff's office received about the chief.

"We'd gotten a complaint from the (Boston) governing body concerning a woman who
indicated having some harassment from the police chief," Powell told the
Times-Enterprise Friday.

The sheriff instructed Watkins to describe the complaint to Williams and
instruct him not to harass the woman.

"Apparently, the city council had been made aware of the same thing," Powell
explained.

On Thursday afternoon, the sheriff's office received a complaint about Williams
knocking on the woman's door. Watkins was again instructed to talk to the
then-chief.

City council action followed Thursday night.

Williams, who could not be reached for comment, joined the Boston police force
in January 2013. He was appointed chief in April 2014.

A certified law enforcement officer is on duty in Boston during the day. The
sheriff's office provides law enforcement at night.

Groover said a full Boston police force has four officers, including the chief.

"We hope to be back to full force," the mayor said.

Senior reporter Patti Dozier can be reached at (229) 226-2400, ext. 1820.

___ (c)2015 Thomasville Times-Enterprise (Thomasville, Ga.) Visit Thomasville
Times-Enterprise (Thomasville, Ga.) at www.timesenterprise.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150613-TZ-Misconduct-cited-in-Boston-police-chief-firing-0613-20150613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TZ


                  Copyright 2015 Thomasville Times-Enterprise


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 11, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Corrections

SECTION: Section A; Page 2; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 82 words


An article on Tuesday about a federal investigation into accusations of
misconduct and civil rights violations by the Los Angeles Police Department
referred imprecisely to the grounds of a lawsuit the Justice Department has
threatened to bring if the city does not change training and procedures. The
suit would assert a pattern and practice of police misconduct. The Justice
Department is still reviewing accusations of racial discrimination and has made
no conclusion on that issue.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Correction

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 25, 2009

Pediatrician accused of misconduct in Pennsylvania

BYLINE: Laura Ritter

LENGTH: 267  words


A Cape Gazette investigation shows Dr. Earl Bradley was accused of sexual
misconduct in Pennsylvania in 1994, but an investigation of the charge found no
charges were warranted.

Bradley's medical license in Pennsylvania was issued in July 1984; records show
it expired Dec. 31,2002; its current status is inactive. The license was
temporarily suspended Tuesday, Dec. 22, Pennsylvania officials announced.

A review of that license shows a complaint to the licensing board was filed by a
consumer or patient against Bradley June 24, 1994, for sexual misconduct.

The board ordered an investigation of the case, which was reviewed in December
1994; a second investigation was requested in March 1995 and reviewed the
following month, but the result of the investigations showed prosecution was not
warranted. Details of the allegation were not available.

Bradley also held licenses in Florida and New Jersey.

Bradley's physician's license in Delaware is active as of Wednesday, Dec. 23,
2009, according to James Collins, director of the Delaware Division of
Professional Regulation.

The department takes complaints on a first-come, first-served basis, Collins
said, unless officials believe citizens could be in imminent danger. If the
investigation reveals even the possibility of abuse, the department asks the
Attorney General's Office to temporarily suspend the license and schedule a
suspension hearing.

Collins declined to comment on Bradley's case. He said the department's Board of
Medical Practice revoked two licenses in 2008 and three in 2007, but details of
those cases were not available at press time.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2009 Cape Gazette


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday

Post-Sandusky, more teachers being punished for misconduct

BYLINE: by KARI ANDREN and KATE WILCOX

LENGTH: 385 words


More teachers than ever are experiencing state-imposed discipline for offenses
ranging from drunken driving to inappropriate contact with students.

In the past 10 years, disciplinary actions against teachers' certifications rose
229 percent from 65 to 214, while the number of working certified teachers and
administrators increased only 25 percent from 118,059 to 148,518, according to
the state Department of Education.

Those figures include Pennsylvania teachers and those disciplined for misconduct
in other states who, as a result, lost teaching certificates here.

Although the number of teachers disciplined rose steadily for several years,
many experts and law enforcement officials say the Jerry Sandusky sex abuse case
at Penn State University was a game-changer because it heightened awareness
about the importance of reporting possible abuse.

In 2011, the year prosecutors accused the assistant football coach of molesting
boys, the Professional Standards and Practices Commission issued 79 disciplinary
actions. The next year, the commission, which handles allegations of teacher
misconduct, issued 219 disciplinary actions.

Complaints of misconduct rose from 256 in 2011 to 563 in 2012, records show.

"Sandusky raised a lot of consciousness of those issues," Bradford County
District Attorney Daniel Barrett said.

In his mostly rural county alone, records show at least four teachers and one
principal surrendered teaching certificates for allegations ranging from sexual
harassment of teachers to inappropriate relationships with students since 2008.

Carolyn Angelo, executive director of the Professional Standards and Practices
Commission, said the commission trains educators about reporting potential
abuse, and communication has improved with the national clearinghouse that lists
teachers with suspended or revoked certifications.

Pennsylvania took fewer disciplinary actions in 2012, compared with similarly
sized states. Ohio, for example, had 185,000 certified teachers and took action
against 311 licenses; Florida, with 189,930 teachers, disciplined 585.

"Things are getting slightly better (nationally)," said Charol Shakeshaft, a
professor at Virginia Commonwealth University and expert on teacher sex abuse.
"It's still pretty bad."

Kari Andren is a Trib Total Media staff writer.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              July 8, 2011 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

CORRECTIONS OFFICERS PUNISHED

BYLINE: KATIE SANDERS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Three are fired and arrested on charges including misconduct,
falsifying reports and battery.


Three Wakulla Correctional Institution officers were arrested and fired this
week after investigators said they falsified reports against inmates and
needlessly used pepper spray against a prisoner.

The investigation started March 23 when the Department of Corrections' Office of
Inspector General tipped off Florida Department of Law Enforcement
investigators.

Angered by a "disparaging" comment about her, officials say, Capt. Megan Dillard
falsified 13 disciplinary reports against 13 inmates. The inmates lost some
privileges and were transferred to a confinement dormitory, according to the
FDLE.

During the transfer, officer Andrew Gazapian allegedly forced an inmate to the
ground, though he wasn't being combative, and sprayed him with pepper spray.
Gazapian, officials say, bit himself on the left arm and blamed his injury on
the inmate in another false report.

Officials say the inmate was later accused of causing a disturbance in his cell
and sprayed three more times. But investigators found no evidence of a
disturbance and found reports about the inmate's actions, which they said were
ordered by Maj. Joseph Garrison, to be false.

As a result of the investigation, The Corrections Department fired the employees
and the FDLE arrested them on the following charges:

- Dillard, 31, of Tallahassee on 13 counts of official misconduct.

- Gazapian, 23, of Tallahassee, on charges of official misconduct, fabricating
physical evidence and battery.

- Garrison, 39, of Crawfordville, on a charge of official misconduct.

Garrison, a 16-year employee who earned $57,000 annually, and Dillard, a 13-year
employee who earned $41,000, were arrested in Wakulla. The FDLE ordered
Gazapian, a three-year employee with a $31,000 salary, to turn himself in when
he returns to Florida from an undisclosed location next week.

Corrections Secretary Edwin Buss thanked the Wakulla Correctional officers for
having the courage to alert his agency about the incidents.

"As for the officers arrested today, I have no tolerance for the kind of
behavior they are accused of," Buss said in a statement.

State attorney Willie Meggs will prosecute the case.

Katie Sanders can be reached at (850)224-7263 or ksanders@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 14, 2001 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

JUDGE IN MARIS SUIT APPOINTS MASTER TO LOOK AT LAWYER CONDUCT

BYLINE: Thomas Lee Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE, FLA.


The state judge overseeing the Maris family's $300 million suit against
Anheuser-Busch Cos. said Friday that he will select a special master to look
into possible misconduct by lawyers in the dispute.

Judge R.A. "Buzz" Green also barred both sides from talking about the case with
reporters.

The special master, who has yet to be appointed, will present any evidence of
misconduct to Green. The judge could take action on his own or forward it to the
state bar for review.

The Maris family is suing Anheuser-Busch after the company terminated its
wholesale contract in 1997, ending the family's 30-year relationship with the
brewery. The family is headed by Rudy Maris. He's the brother of the late
baseball slugger Roger Maris, who played for the Cardinals.

Green's decision to look into the lawyers' conduct caps a week of bizarre events
as the judge struggled to control a high-profile trial that has increasingly
taken a life of its own.

On Wednesday, Madison McClellan, a lawyer for the Maris family, accused the St.
Louis-based brewery's legal team - led by lawyer Peter Moll - of witness
tampering after learning that several of the brewery's witnesses had met at
Moll's house for steaks and beers.

The witnesses included several ex-Maris employees who testified that they
repackaged and sold out-of-date beer. The Marises' lawyers argue that the former
employees did so without the family's knowledge.

Witnesses are not allowed to discuss the case with one another during the trial.
One of the brewery's witnesses said he did seek a meeting with Moll to review
the trial schedule but denied talking about the case itself.

Despite objections from the brewery's lawyers, Green let the Maris family's
lawyers pursue the allegation in court.

On Thursday, in an interview with a local TV station, Willie Gary, the Maris
family's lead lawyer, claimed to have over four hours of videotape depicting a
meeting of the brewery's witnesses.

On Friday, lawyers for the Maris family contended that a brewery witness who has
yet to testify made an improper agreement with the brewery's lawyers in exchange
for his testimony.

Moll implied that the Maris legal team's use of videotape was improper.

In response, Moll sought a ruling from Green that would prevent Gary from making
another accusation of witness tampering in the jury's presence.

Green frequently has lost his patience with both teams of lawyers. On Thursday,
he kicked Gary out of the courtroom for an hour and threatened to do the same
with Moll.

Friday, he booted another member of the Maris legal team out of the courtroom
for whistling during the testimony of a witness for the brewery.

"I have been to several trials before," said Eric Shepard, vice president and
executive editor of Beer Marketers Insight, a weekly industry newsletter. "I
have never seen anything like this."

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Thomas Lee:; E-mail: tlee@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 314-340-8209

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

USD 308 staff gets tips for handling student misconduct; expert says think
beyond the punitive

BYLINE: Mary Clarkin, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 612 words


Aug. 13--When a student defiantly tells a teacher, "You can't make me," he's
disrespectful and ... right.

Punitive consequences are not enough, Theresa Brown, coordinator of curriculum
and instruction for Hutchinson USD 308, recently told the school board.

Instead of searching for ever-heavier punishment for misbehaving youths,
Hutchinson USD 308 is focusing on tools for teachers.

"Teachers teach students how to behave," Brown said.

Over three days this week, Randy Sprick, an Oregon-based consultant and author
of books on classroom management, is providing tips to faculty and staff in
Hutchinson's elementary and middle schools and high school.

His message:

-- Student behavior can be changed.

-- Many teachers depend too much on punitive consequences. That can boomerang.

-- Teachers should define the expectations in their "kingdom." They should
clarify and repeat the expectations during the first week and before and after
school holiday breaks. Classroom rules should be posted.

-- They should respond calmly and consistently to misbehavior.

-- Students should hear positive feedback.

Sprick took a story from a Dallas newspaper to highlight how a strict approach
can fail. A Texas high school announced that students with eight absences,
excused or not, would be ineligible to go to prom. As a joke, two boys with too
many absences began planning a rival party. It became the prom to attend, booked
at a better hotel and with a better band.

Taking a disruptive child out into the hall during class is an inefficient use
of classroom time for the other students, and is just what the
attention-desiring child wants, Sprick said. Seeing a student after class ends
is less dramatic and more effective, he said.

Another way to handle a repeat offender is to say the student's name and then
put a mark on that student's chart each time the student is disrespectful, he
suggested.

Use the option of sending the student to the school office sparingly, he
advised.

Sprick encouraged teachers to audiotape themselves during the half-hour of the
day when they are the "naggiest."

Play it back and count the number of positive and negative interactions with the
students, he said. Strive for at least a 3-to-1 ratio of attention to positive
behavior versus attention to negative behavior, he said.

Sprick said ignoring some annoying behavior is better than punishment.

"Ignoring is a grossly under-utilized strategy," Sprick said.

Sprick has taken his Safe and Civil Schools message to other school districts in
Kansas, including Wichita, Junction City, Great Bend, Hays and Concordia.

Hutchinson USD started working with the program last fall with school building
leadership teams. Data, including office referrals, showed there was a need,
Brown said.

The district invited representatives from other agencies that work with children
to attend Sprick's presentations. School officials were pleased 46 people from
outside the district were expected. They are coming from such agencies as the
Kansas Department for Children and Families, Horizons Mental Health Center and
Communities That Care.

Among those attending the Wednesday presentation were Stephanie Kraus, long-term
substitute teacher for USD 308, and Terry J. Williams, science teacher at
Hutchinson Middle School-8.

Kraus said it's great when a teacher has classroom rules posted in the room, as
Sprick suggested.

Williams noted the program was "such a success" in Wichita USD 259, and he has
already implemented the voice-level chart, that tops off with the "outside"
voice.

___ (c)2015 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150813-VZ-USD-308-staff-gets-tips-for-handling-student-misconduct
-expert-says-think-beyond-the-punitive-0813-20150813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Hutchinson News


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Accused cop says he's not guilty of official misconduct, robbery

BYLINE: Gene Cox, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 241 words


May 05--INDIANAPOLIS -- A veteran Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department
officer told a Marion County judge he's not guilty of official misconduct and
robbery.

Following the Thursday afternoon hearing for Officer David Butler, 51, the
suspended officer made one comment to the news reporters waiting in a City
County Building hallway.

"In my 23 years I have never been accused of anything like this. I would never
do anything to disrespect the badge," said Butler.

Prosecutors say he faces two official misconduct and two robbery charges after
being accused of forcing citizens to give him money during traffic stops. If
convicted on the more serious robbery charges, he could spend up to eight years
in prison.

Fox59 News has previous reported Officer David Butler has a lengthy past with
the force, having been nearly suspended without pay for almost 80 days.

Police have requested that Officer Butler's face is not shown because there are
more possible victims who have come forward. Police want them to positive
identify the officer before his face is seen by everyone. Fox59 News is
respecting IMPD's request.

We will continue to follow this story.

To see more of WXIN-TV, Indianapolis, go to http://www.fox59.com/ Copyright (c)
2011, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110505-5IN-BRF-Accused-cop-says-he-s-not-guilty-of-official-misconduct
-robbery-0505-20110505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2011 WXIN-TV


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 21, 2007 Sunday

Over five years, dozens disciplined in Mass.

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 681 words


By Jay Lindsay

Associated Press Writer

BOSTON -- More than 60 educators were disciplined or dismissed during a
five-year period in Massachusetts for ethical or criminal offenses, including
more than a third who were accused of sexual misconduct ranging from sex
harassment to child rape, according to a review of records by The Associated
Press.

Many of the sexual misconduct cases made headlines, such as the teacher who sent
naked photos to a student.

But other cases were prosecuted with little fanfare, or schools chose to keep
the cases quiet. A North Middlesex teacher in Townsend, for example, was caught
nearly naked with a student, but school officials did not release those details
to protect her privacy.

Records of sexual misconduct can be found in districts, or with the courts if
the cases are criminal, but the records often aren't in plain sight, said
attorney Dean Pickett, vice chairman of the National Council of School
Attorneys.

"It takes someone saying, 'I think I need to know why John Doe won't be teaching
anymore,' " Pickett said.

From 2001 to 2005, the state suspended, revoked, denied or imposed various
limits on the teaching licenses of 63 educators, according to records obtained
by The Associated Press. At least 24 of the educators were accused of sexual
misconduct. The total is a tiny percentage of state's 70,000 licensed educators.

The figures for Massachusetts were gathered as part of a seven-month
investigation in which AP reporters sought records on teacher discipline in all
50 states and the District of Columbia.

Across the country, sexual misconduct allegations led states to take action
against the licenses of 2,570 educators from 2001 through 2005. That figure
includes licenses that were revoked, denied and surrendered.

Young people were victims in at least 69 percent of the cases, and the large
majority of those were students.

Nine out of 10 of those abusive educators were male. And at least 446 of the
cases the AP found involved educators who had multiple victims.

There are about 3 million teachers in the United States.

In Massachusetts, accusations of teacher sexual misconduct are handled
individually, not by a set policy, said Department of Education spokeswoman
Heidi Guarino. The worst misconduct is often made public because it ends up in
court.

Amber Jennings, a former teacher at Shepherd Hill Regional High School in
Dudley, was sentenced to probation in 2005 after admitting she gave naked
pictures of herself to a teenager with whom she was having sex. Michelle
Amundsen was sentenced in 2004 to three to five years in prison after pleading
guilty to raping a 12-year-old from her homeroom at a Chelmsford middle school.
She was released on parole last month.

But some districts chose to keep quiet about teacher offenses.

Jennifer Dietz, a teacher in the North Middlesex Regional School District in
Townsend, resigned in 2002 after police caught her in a minivan with a
15-year-old special-education student. Dietz, who was 37 at the time, was
wearing a thong and sweatshirt and had a bottle of peppermint schnapps.

Dietz was later convicted of contributing to the delinquency of a minor for
providing alcohol. The case only became public two years later when the DOE
began investigating why her teaching license hadn't been revoked.
Then-superintendent James McCormick cited privacy concerns, and the fact it
wasn't a Level 3 sex offense, the state's highest classification, to explain why
parents weren't told why Dietz resigned.

A telephone number for Dietz could not be located and she could not be reached
for comment.

The state publicly releases each action it takes on a teacher's license,
including a sentence explaining why. But the reason can be vague, with terms
such as "inappropriate contact" undefined. Additional information is
unavailable.

Guarino said the department gives out sufficient information.

"We feel pretty confident in the way we disclose this information," she said.
"It's not our job to be the police on this, it's our job as the state to make a
decision on whether these people should retain their licenses."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday

Misconduct complaint filed against former prothonotary

BYLINE: Michael P. Buffer, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


Nov. 12--WILKES-BARRE -- The Disciplinary Board of the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania is investigating a misconduct complaint against attorney Jill A.
Moran, who testified about her role in the kids-for-cash scandal by delivering
cash to corrupt former judge Michael T. Conahan.

Moran testified in February during the trial of another former judge, Mark A.
Ciavarella Jr., under a 2009 agreement with prosecutors that required her to
testify and resign as county prothonotary in lieu of charges. Ciavarella and
Conahan are in prison for accepting $2.8 million in kickbacks.

Robert Powell, Moran's former law partner, testified he paid the judges $770,000
for placing juveniles in for-profit detention centers he co-owned. Moran
testified she delivered a FedEx box stuffed with cash to Conahan in 2006 at the
request of Powell, who was sentenced last week to 18 months in prison.

Records show current county Prothonotary Carolee Medico Olenginski and Samuel C.
Stretton, solicitor of the prothonotary's office, filed a complaint in April
against Moran with the Disciplinary Board of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
The board recommends disciplinary action to the Supreme Court against attorneys
for misconduct. The Supreme Court on Thursday disbarred Conahan as an attorney
in the state, according to the board's website.

The website also says Moran still practices law at the Powell Law Group PC in
Drums. The Supreme Court in 2009 approved a temporary suspension of Powell as a
practicing attorney.

U.S. District Judge Edwin M. Kosik has allowed Powell to remain free until Nov.
30 and recommended that Powell serve his sentence in Miami, Fla. Powell, who
formerly resided in Mountain Top, has moved with his family to Florida.

Moran owns a home in Conyngham. On Friday, Moran didn't respond to an electronic
message seeking comment, and her work voice mail on Friday was not accepting
messages because it was full.

Medico Olenginski and Stretton argue Moran should not be allowed to practice law
because of the kids-for-cash scandal and her decision, as prothonotary in 2007,
to record a federal tax lien against Powell under the name "John Doe." Powell's
name was not removed from actual lien documents, only from the computer index in
the prothonotary's office that lets the public search for liens and other civil
cases.

Joseph J. Huss, disciplinary counsel for the Disciplinary Board of the Supreme
Court, wrote a Sept. 28 letter to Stretton about the investigation.

"To date we have interviewed at least three potential witnesses, have gathered
various court records, and have obtained information from other sources," Huss
wrote. "As to a timeline, I am unable to provide one, due to the multifaceted,
and complex nature of these matters. I note that in court filings, the United
States Attorney's office stipulated that various, fraudulent activities
involving Robert Powell and the Judges occurred without Moran's 'full knowledge
and consent.'"

Moran unseated Medico Olenginski as prothonotary in an election in 2001. Medico
Olenginski was elected prothonotary in 1997 and returned to the office with an
election victory in 2009.

mbuffer@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2073

___ (c)2011 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111112-YC-Misconduct
-complaint-filed-against-former-prothonotary-1112-20111112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2011 The Citizens' Voice


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   December 31, 1994, Saturday, City Edition

Insurers sued over priests' sex cases

SECTION: CITY TIMES; RELIGION BRIEFLY; Religion; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE; FORT WORTH, Texas



The Archdiocese of Milwaukee is suing 14 insurance companies that have  refused
to make payments in nine cases alleging sexual misconduct by priests.  The
insurance companies counter that the church hierarchy knew of the sexual
misconduct and failed to take appropriate action. That means the misconduct  was
intentional on the part of the diocese and not insured, they argue. The
lawsuit, filed last week, demands money for settlements and legal fees. It  also
seeks punitive damages for an alleged breach of contract. The lawsuit  does not
specify how much money the archdiocese thinks it is owed. The  archdiocese
refused to disclose how much it has spent to settle or defend  itself against
lawsuits alleging sexual misconduct by priests. No civil case  involving priest
misconduct has gone to trial locally. Some have been  dismissed; secret
settlements have been reached in others. The companies named  in the lawsuits
include British and American insurers.

Court rejects religion as a bar to jurors

FORT WORTH, Texas - Potential jurors were unfairly excluded because of their
religion, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals has ruled, pushing the issue
toward the U.S. Supreme Court. The decision threw into question a 1991 sexual
assault conviction, saying prosecutors wrongly excluded two prospective jurors
because they belonged to the Pentecostal religion. The court, the state's
highest criminal court, sent the case back to the 2nd Court of Appeals in Fort
Worth, saying it could determine whether there were other valid reasons for
barring the two people from jury service. The defendant, George Toby Casarez,
is serving a 12-year prison sentence in the rape of a 14-year-old girl. Betty
Marshall, who heads the appellate section in the district attorney's office,
said the case may end up at the U.S. Supreme Court because the issue needs to
be decided.

England's Major backs prayer in schools

Organized prayer in schools has become an issue in Britain, where Prime
Minister John Major has defended the law requiring schools to hold "broadly
Christian" daily religious assemblies. Major had been urged to relax the law.
Instead, he said, "collective worship in non-denominational schools is  required
to be wholly or mainly of a broadly Christian character. We have no  plans to
change these legal requirements." Children whose parents object to  the
assemblies are not required to participate, and many teachers say the  British
law is impractical and often disregarded.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 14, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Complaints Against Police Rise by 4.3%

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B;  Page 8;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 438 words


Complaints of police misconduct in New York City rose by 4.3 percent last year,
according to statistics released yesterday by the Civilian Complaint Review
Board.

The review board, the independent agency charged with monitoring and
investigating allegations of police wrongdoing, said that it received 4,976
complaints of misconduct in 1998, up from 4,769 in 1997. But the percentage of
substantiated allegations -- those where the review board investigated and found
evidence that they had occurred -- declined.

The increase in the total number of complaints, while relatively slight, marked
the first rise in complaints since 1995, when the review board reported 5,618
complaints, the highest number of the decade.

Police Commissioner Howard Safir said that the increase could be attributed to
an increase in the number of police officers since 1997 and to the public's
increased awareness of the review board. He stressed that while the number of
complaints went up, the number of substantiated cases dropped.

"Although the gross number is up," Mr. Safir said, "really the important fact is
the ones they found to be real is down."

The review board said that in 1998 it substantiated 300, or 5.6 percent, of its
allegations. In 1997, the board substantiated a record of 448, or 8 percent, of
its allegations. Each complaint can include more than one allegation of
misconduct.

Norman Siegel, the executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union,
said he found the increase in complaints troubling. He noted that while there
were fewer complaints last year than there were in the middle of the decade,
there were still 39 percent more complaints than the 3,580 filed in 1993, the
year the review board became independent from the Police Department.

"The Police Department and the Mayor should stop engaging in spins and denial,"
he said, "because that is not going to assist us in addressing the reality of
too many complaints filed by New Yorkers about police misconduct."

Substantiated cases are sent to the Police Department for disciplinary action.
Last year, the review board criticized the department for delaying and failing
to act on many cases it had substantiated. The department countered that the
review board's inquiries were often lackluster and required further
investigation.

Yesterday, the Police Department and the review board took steps toward ending
their feud. Mr. Safir said that beginning this month the department would send
monthly reports to the review board showing what disciplinary action it had
taken against officers with substantiated complaints against them.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 3, 1989, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Panel Supports Gross On Misconduct Charges

BYLINE: By SAM HOWE VERHOVEK, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 2


A New York State medical panel has concluded that misconduct charges should be
dropped against Dr. Elliot M. Gross, the former Chief Medical Examiner in New
York City, the panel's chairman said today.

The State Health Department had lodged 11 charges of negligence, misconduct and
incompetence against Dr. Gross stemming from nine autopsies, including several
that involved civilians who died in police custody. But a review panel of the
State Board for Professional Medical Conduct, which investigated the charges,
will not recommend that any actions be taken against Dr. Gross, said the panel's
chairman, Dr. William Stewart.

Dr. Stewart, a neurosurgeon in Syracuse, said he would not comment on how the
panel had reached its conclusion until it issues a formal report in about a
month.

That report will be forwarded to the State Health Commissioner, Dr. David
Axelrod, who will then make a recommendation to the State Board of Regents. The
Regents are to make the final determination on whether Dr. Gross should be
disciplined, but it is highly unusual for them to discipline a doctor in the
absence of a recommendation from the Health Department.

A spokesman for Dr. Axelrod, Peter Slocum, said the commissioner would not
comment until he had seen the report.

Gross Is Reportedly 'Gratified'

Dr. Gross, who is now a pathologist with the Lake County Coroner's office in
Crown Point, Indiana, did not return telephone messages left there today. He has
previously denied all charges of misconduct. He was quoted by the Associated
Press as saying he was ''gratified'' by the recommendation but would reserve
further comment until the Board of Regents issued a decision. He remains
licensed to conduct autopsies in New York State.

His lawyer in Manhattan, Howard M. Squadron, said that a decision by the Regents
against disciplinary action would constitute a ''final vindication.''

Mayor Edward I. Koch dismissed Dr. Gross in October 1987 after an advisory panel
said he lacked the ''level of leadership and level of management'' needed to run
the office.

That panel, however, did not find substantiation for allegations that Dr. Gross
had intentionally falsified or obscured autopsy reports. The allegations were
made by colleagues in the Medical Examiner's office and pathologists outside the
office and were described in a series of articles in The New York Times in 1985.

The State Health Department initiated the charges against Dr. Gross in July
1985. However, the hearings by the medical conduct board were held up when Dr.
Gross's lawyer questioned whether autopsies were medical procedures and whether
the board had jurisdiction over them.

The state's highest court, the Court of Appeals, ruled that the medical conduct
board could investigate autopsies, clearing the way for the hearings to proceed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 512 words


Excerpted from washingtonpost.com/capitalsinsider

Weber not  suspended after boarding major

Washington Capitals defenseman Mike Weber won't face any NHL discipline after
his boarding major and 10-minute misconduct in Sunday night's 6-2 road loss to
the Pittsburgh Penguins.

Ten minutes 39 seconds into the third period, Weber was called for boarding
Pittsburgh's Bryan Rust, who returned to the game. In a game in which the
Capitals racked up 41 penalty minutes, Weber accounted for 19 of them: a double
minor for roughing, a major for boarding and a 10-minute misconduct. Daniel
Winnik also received a 10-minute misconduct for elbowing.

Capitals Coach Barry Trotz said after the game that he hadn't taken a second
look at Weber's hit, but he didn't seem concerned about any further discipline.

Weber was traded to the Capitals from Buffalo just before the deadline in
exchange for a third-round pick. Weber, Taylor Chorney and Nate Schmidt have
been rotating in and out of the lineup as the team's third defensive pairing, so
even without a suspension, it's unclear whether he will play at Ottawa on
Tuesday night. Weber has never been suspended in his career.

Caps extend affiliate

The Capitals and the ECHL's South Carolina Stingrays have extended their
affiliation agreement through the 2017-18 season, Washington announced.

The Stingrays, located in North Charleston, S.C., sit in first place in the
ECHL's South Division with a 38-18-5-3 record.

South Carolina has been affiliated with the Capitals for 10 seasons (2004-12,
2014-16). The Stingrays are three-time Kelly Cup champions (1997, 2001, 2009)
and have reached the ECHL playoffs in eight consecutive seasons.

Trotz: Kids allowed

By now you've probably heard about former Nationals first baseman Adam LaRoche's
reasons for an abrupt retirement, that Chicago White Sox Executive Vice
President Kenny Williams told LaRoche that he didn't want LaRoche's 14-year-old
son, Drake, spending as much time in the clubhouse as he did last season.

In the Capitals' locker room, it's not strange to see some children of players,
though it's nowhere close to being an everyday occurrence.

Weber showed his oldest son around the locker room last week. Jason Chimera and
Justin Williams have also brought their sons around a few times this season,
occasionally going for a skate after the team's practice.

They were at practice Saturday, which is when Trotz was asked what his policy is
for having children around the team, as it relates to the LaRoche news.

"I don't know anything about that [LaRoche situation]," Trotz said. "I haven't
been following that. I'm okay. . . . I think it's important. I think it brings a
family atmosphere. I think there's times for maybe - I think the players are
aware, 'Hey we've got to shut it down. Let's have the kids not around.' Maybe
playoffs and stuff like that. But for the most part, during the season, I think
it's important that the kids, if they get a chance to hang with Dad and a bunch
of his friends, I think it's okay. . . . I'm more about family."

- Isabelle Khurshudyan and Mark Giannotto

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 11, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 290 words

Part of Chicago's gun violence suit dismissed
A judge dismissed part of Chicago's $ 433 million lawsuit that seeks to recoup
costs stemming from gun violence. The lawsuit against gun makers, distributors
and dealers accused them of negligence for manufacturing, distributing and
selling guns that ended up in the hands of criminals. But Circuit Judge Stephen
Schiller ruled Thursday that ''negligent entrustment'' is mainly used to redress
wrongs between two private parties. The lawsuit also charges the gun industry
with creating a public nuisance by oversupplying suburban gun stores, knowing
they would make their way back to the city.

Gun charge springs from Rudolph manhunt
A North Carolina man was charged in Asheville on Monday with illegally
possessing weapons. FBI agents found guns in his Cherokee County home while
investigating a 1998 shooting at the command post in Andrews for the Eric
Rudolph manhunt and later learned that the man had a previous felony conviction,
authorities said Thursday. The suspect, Wayne Henry Burchfield, 32, of Murphy,
is not considered a suspect in the shooting, officials said.

Suit accuses LAPD of racial profiling
The American Civil Liberties Union is suing the Los Angeles Police Department
for alleged racial profiling, where officers stop motorists based on ethnicity
or appearance. The lawsuit was filed Thursday in U.S. District Court on behalf
of three black men and two Hispanic men who were pulled over by LAPD officers
within the past year. The stops cited in the suit included several of men who
were forced from their cars at gunpoint, handcuffed, detained and accused of
criminal conduct without provocation, the ACLU said. A police spokesman declined
comment.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

University of Chicago Law Clinic Requests Release of Video of 17-Year-Old Boy

LENGTH: 613  words

DATELINE: Chicago


The University of Chicago has issued the following news release:

The Civil Rights and Police Accountability Clinic of the University of Chicago
Law School released a statement with the Invisible Institute requesting that the
City of Chicago publicly release all video of the October 20 Chicago police
shooting and killing of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old black youth, that took
place on the southwest side of Chicago.

Inconsistencies in the police account of Laquan McDonald's death prompted the
University of Chicago Legal Clinic and the Invisible Institute to investigate
the shooting. On the basis of their investigation of the incident, Clinical Law
Professor Craig Futterman and writer Jamie Kalven of the Invisible Institute say
that there is strong evidence that the shooting was not justified.

Last spring, the Clinic's students won a legal precedent before the Illinois
Appellate Court that established that records that relate to police misconduct
complaints belong to the public. In July, the Clinic, together with lawyers from
the Loevy Law Firm and the People's Law Office, negotiated an historic agreement
with the Emmanuel administration to implement the Appellate Court's decision as
policy in Chicago.  The new transparency policy opened the Chicago Police
Department to the public, by allowing access to police misconduct complaints and
their completed investigations to enable people to assess how misconduct
complaints are addressed by the City.  However, the new policy did not resolve
the extent to which the City would release information in ongoing misconduct
investigations--investigations that may continue for years.

The call for the City to share information with the public about its
investigation into McDonald's death comes as another team of Clinic students has
been working in a collaborative project with inner city Chicago high school
students that seeks to improve relations between black youth and police.  (The
Law School is hosting a Youth/Police Conference, drawing on their work, on April
24-25, 2015.  The conference aims to address issues arising from interactions
between African-American youth and the police in urban America--questions that
have become even more urgent in the wake of the deaths of other
African-Americans at the hands of police in Ferguson, New York, and Cleveland.)

Laquan McDonald was shot and killed by a police officer at 41st and Pulaski.  A
spokesperson for the Fraternal Order of Police, Pat Camden, said the boy was
carrying a knife and threatened the officers.  A witness disagrees, saying
Laquan was shying away from the officers when he was first shot.  Then,
according to the witness, as Laquan lay on the ground, the officer fired
repeatedly into his body.

Chicago Police Department policy requires officers to activate their in-car
cameras when in pursuit. There is thus almost certainly video footage of the
incident.

"Sources report that a police officer repeatedly fired into the boy's body as he
lay on the ground," said Futterman. "If they are correct, this isn't a case of
self-defense. It's an execution. The video should reveal the truth."

Against the background of a series of recent deaths of black men at the hands of
the police in Ferguson, New York, and Cleveland, Futterman and Kalven call on
the City to release all video footage of the incident.  They write:

Ultimately, the issue of transparency in this case turns on the question being
posed by public demonstrations across the nation: how much do we, as a society
dedicated to equality under law, value the black lives?


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 27, 2001 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

2001: TOP STORIES

BYLINE: Robert Goodrich Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 921 words


With ticket sales lagging, especially in the wake of terrorist attacks Sept. 11,
MidAmerica Airport lost its only airline, Pan American Airways, on Dec. 3 after
only 15 months of operation, making it the top story of year in St. Clair and
Monroe counties.

Pan Am's arrival in August of 2000 was the area's top news story of the previous
year. Other major stories for 2001 in St. Clair and Monroe counties concerned
crime and punishment, the opening of a 17-mile light rail extension and the key
role of Scott Air Force Base in the war on terrorism.

Belleville Mayor Mark A. Kern was re-elected despite a challenge from an
opponent with the same name. Another area mayor, Ruby Cook of Brooklyn, was
sentenced to prison for corruption.

Former supermarket mogul James Gibson, who vanished the previous year amid
accusations that he misappropriated millions of dollars, was arrested in Florida
after being expelled from Belize.

And a woman state trooper was indicted for official misconduct, accused of
falsely charging 24 people with drunken driving.

1: Pan American Airways quietly deserted MidAmerica Airport at Mascoutah on Dec.
3 after its last flight left for Gary, Ind., but St. Clair County officials
maintained their optimism for the airport's future.

The airport opened in November 1997. Critics have called it a $220 million
boondoggle, and it continues to cost millions more each year than it produces.

But backers say its easy access and location 23 miles from downtown St. Louis
--combined with steady growth in aviation and space problems at Lambert Field --
make its ultimate success inevitable.

2: Authorities say evidence in the murders of 13 women whose bodies were found
over the past two years in East St. Louis indicates remarkable similarities
among some of the victims, suggesting work of a serial killer.

Police believe four died at the hands of one killer and suspect that up to six
more were killed by a second perpetrator.

Most of the victims were street savvy, drug addicts or prostitutes or both. An
investigation is continuing.

3: On May 5, MetroLink opened a 17.4-mile extension from East St. Louis to
Southwestern Illinois College at the east edge of Belleville.

Use of the light rail system exceeded expectations. Officials at the Bi-State
Development Agency said the number of riders rose 19 percent over the previous
year.

The agency announced plans to expand the parking lots at two of the new stops --
one at the college and the other near Memorial Hospital in Belleville.

And work continues for yet another extension, this one to Scott Air Force Base,
with plans to extend the system eventually to nearby MidAmerica Airport.

4: Missing Belleville millionaire James Gibson was rousted from his bed on his
yacht in June by local authorities in Belize and put on a plane for Miami, where
he was arrested by the FBI.

Gibson faces trial in January in federal court in East St. Louis on charges of
fraud, conspiracy and money laundering. His wife, Marjorie, was arrested later
on charges of money laundering. She is still being held in Belize.

5: A jury in circuit court in Belleville ordered the death sentence for serial
killer Lorenzo Fayne for murdering four East St. Louis girls.

Fayne, 30, was already serving a life sentence with no possibility of parole for
the murder of an 8-year-old Centreville boy. He pleaded guilty of the four
additional murders in exchange for a single death-sentence hearing.

Defense attorney John O'Gara argued that Fayne's horrible abuse throughout his
childhood had so damaged him that he should not be executed , but the jury
deliberated only three hours before ordering death. The case will be appealed.

6: Mobilization of 344 of the 800 members of the Illinois National Guard's 126th
Air Refueling Wing at Scott Air Force Base was authorized in the wake of the
terrorist attacks.

Scott's two worldwide headquarters, the U.S. Transportation Command and Air
Mobility Command, immediately took over movement of troops, equipment and
supplies bound for Afghanistan and other destinations.

7: In the municipal election in April, Belleville Mayor Mark Andrew Kern
defeated a vigorous challenger, coincidentally named Mark Alan Kern.

The name similarity drew national attention.

The challenger, a disaffected former tavern owner in Belleville, said he might
run again.

8: Guy Westmoreland was sentenced in October to life in prison for his role in
the shotgun slaying of Debra Abeln four years ago at her husband's request at a
Cahokia airport.

The husband, Richard "Rick" Abeln, was sentenced earlier to a life term. He and
Westmoreland were involved in international drug smuggling.

The hired killer, DeAndre Lewis, also is serving a life term.

9: Former Brooklyn Mayor Ruby Cook was sentenced in July to a year in federal
prison after pleading guilty of using her office to steal nearly $45,000 from
the impoverished village.

Last year's top stories included the sentencing of Frankie Banks, Br ooklyn's
former treasurer, to 15 months in prison on similar charges. Banks died Dec. 6
while in custody.

10: Illinois State Trooper Joan Blomenkamp was charged in April in St. Clair and
Monroe counties with lodging false traffic charges -- mostly of driving under
the influence -- against 24 people over 10 months.

She is accused of falsifying field sobriety tests. No motive has been disclosed.
Blomenkamp was suspended after internal affairs detectives began investigating.

Trial is tentatively scheduled for January.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Color Photo by ODELL MITCHELL JR. / POST-DISPATCH - Kim
Flatey (left), Brian Herman (center) and Buck Horine watch as the last Pan Am
flight arrives on Dec. 3 at MidAmerica Airport.; (2) Color Photo by KAREN
ELSHOUT / POST-DISPATCH - Jonathan Nelson ( right), right), 13, couldn't get
enough of the view of the new MetroLink service from East St. Louis to
Southwestern Illinois College in Belleville. The expansion opened in May.; (3)
Color Photo Headshot - (James) Gibson; (4) Color Photo by ODELL MITCHELL JR. /
POST-DISPATCH - Convicted serial killer Lorenzo Fayne is escorted by a St. Clair
County corrections officer after being sentenced to death for killing four girls
in 1992 and 1993.; (5) Color Photo by ODELL MITCHELL JR. / POST-DISPATCH - Brig.
Gen. Hal Kei steler steler (in dress hat), commander of the 126th Air Wing, and
U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin (center, without hat) greet some of the members of the Air
National Guard's 126th Air Refueling Wing in September at Scott Air Force Base.;
(6) Color Photo Headshot - Mayor (Mark Andrew) Kern; (7) Color Photo Headshot -
Mark Alan Kern; (8) Color Photo Headshot - (Debra) Abeln; (9) Color Photo
Headshot - (Guy) Westmoreland; (10) Color Photo Headshot - (Ruby) Cook

TYPE: PROFILE; 2001: THE YEAR IN REVIEW

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Rickert to defend against allegations of misconduct

BYLINE: Sanne Specht, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


Oct. 31--Eagle Point School District Superintendent Cynda Rickert will defend
herself against allegations of misconduct at a November public hearing in
Medford before the Teacher Standards and Practices Commission.

Former school board members Jim Mannenbach and Mark Bateman filed a complaint of
misconduct in 2011, alleging that Rickert replaced licensed counselors at Eagle
Point High School with unlicensed staff.

"They are saying I replaced licensed counselors with an unlicensed person,"
Rickert said. "That's not even accurate."

Oregon Administrative Rules state that districts must assign guidance counseling
responsibilities to the appropriate personnel and "provide a comprehensive
guidance and counseling program" at every grade level. Knowingly assigning an
educator to duties they aren't licensed for is not allowed.

Rickert said staffing changes made at Eagle Point are in compliance with state
regulations.

"I am still not aware of what law, policy or rule I allegedly violated," Rickert
said.

Rickert received a notice of an allegation of "gross neglect of duty" in the
mail on Dec. 24, 2012, from the TSPC. She filed an appeal and requested a
hearing before an administrative law judge, which will take place Nov. 12-14.

An administrative law judge will review the TSPC investigation and listen to
Rickert's defense and then report his decision back to the TSPC.

Rickert said the hearing, normally held in Salem, will take place in Medford
"because there are so many witnesses on both sides," she said.

Mannenbach first lodged a complaint with the district in spring 2010 over the
reduced counseling services, which the district determined weren't in violation
of state standards.

Then in October 2010, Mannenbach appealed the decision to the Oregon Department
of Education, which conducted its own investigation. It determined the district
was in compliance of all Division 22 Standards for Public Elementary and
Secondary Schools.

Mannenbach and Bateman then lodged the TSPC complaint in January 2011, a month
after the ODE said the district was in compliance, according to Allen Barber,
the district's human resources director.

Mannenbach has consistently declined to comment on the charges.

According to the TSPC allegations, Rickert reorganized the counseling staff in
Eagle Point during the 2009-10 school year and replaced qualified, licensed
counseling staff with unlicensed classified staff, allowing them to perform
counseling duties without proper licenses.

The district eliminated five counselor positions from the elementary and middle
schools during budget cuts in 2009-10, transferring some advising and mentor
duties to other staff, according to Barber, who was principal of t he high
school at the time.

Barber said counselor duties that legally must be performed by licensed staff
were taken on by the district's two remaining full-time counselors stationed at
Eagle Point High School.

There is no requirement in Oregon to have licensed counselors at elementary and
middle schools, Barber said, and the TSPC's investigation focused only on the
high school, which has consistently employed two licensed counselors for more
than 20 years.

Rickert said the district has had no opportunity to discuss the charges with the
TSPC.

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131031-ME-Rickert-to-defend-against-allegations-of-misconduct
-1031-20131031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

High court to issue decisions in 3 lawyer-discipline cases

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 281  words


The Wisconsin Supreme Court on Friday will decide whether to discipline three
lawyers.

The court is scheduled to decide the case of the former Milwaukee immigration
attorney Godfrey Muwonge, who was charged in 2007 with 43 counts of misconduct.
The court suspended his license indefinitely in 2008 because of medical
conditions he brought up after disciplinary proceedings had started against him.
The justices also halted the disciplinary case against him but revived it in
July after reinstating his license.

The justices are also scheduled to release a decision in the case of David
Silberman, a Mequon attorney who was disbarred in Illinois last year for
transferring more than $460,000 worth of real estate escrow money from his trust
account into the operating account of a business he owned while he was an
attorney for a title-insurance company in Illinois.

He recently reached a stipulation with the Office of Lawyer Regulation, which
filed a complaint last year asking the justices to impose reciprocal discipline
on Silberman for the Illinois misconduct.

The state Supreme Court will also weigh in on the case of Thad Gegner, an Eau
Claire attorney suspected of committing 47 counts of misconduct involving 11 of
his clients. The OLR had asked the court to revoke Gegner's license and order
him to pay $12,000 in restitution to former clients and insurance companies.

The OLR had charged Gegner in 2015 with 24 counts of misconduct and asked that
his license be suspended for two years but amended its complaint four months
later.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: Former Carlisle prison food worker faces sexual misconduct charge

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 184 words


Sept. 17--FARIBANKS -- A Sullivan County woman has been jailed on a charge of
sexual misconduct with an inmate following her arrest by Wabash Valley
Correctional Facility police officers, the prison said in a press release.

Deborah McElroy, 25, was arrested at her Fairbanks home late Tuesday afternoon
and transported to the Sullivan County Jail.

She's accused of sexual misconduct, a level-5 felony, with an offender. The
alleged incidents took place in her assigned work area at the Carlisle prison.
McElroy had been employed by Aramark, the prison's food service provider for
prisoners, according to a press release.

The offender's name will not be released pending the outcome of the criminal
investigation. He has been placed in a restrictive status housing unit.

McElroy was arrested without incident with the assistance of Sullivan Sheriff
Deputy Jeffrey Kinnett. Bond was set at $15,000.

She was terminated last month by Aramark, according to the prison.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150917-TX-BRF-Former-Carlisle-prison-food-worker-faces-sexual-
misconduct-charge-0917-20150917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: Excise officer accused in sexual misconduct case

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 166 words


April 01--An Indiana State Excise Police officer has been arrested on a sexual
misconduct charge.

Jeremy W. Reed, 37, of Bluffton, was taken into custody by the Bluffton Police
Department at 3:45 p.m. Monday. He was preliminarily charged with the level 4
felony of sexual misconduct with a minor and dissemination of matter harmful to
minors, a level 6 felony.

Reed was to appear in Wells County Circuit Court Tuesday for an initial hearing.

Reed is a seven-year employee of the Indiana State Excise Police and holds the
rank of officer. Indiana State Excise Police Superintendent Matt Strittmatter
has placed Reed on administrative leave and ordered an internal investigation to
begin immediately.

The investigation regarding the preliminary criminal charges is being conducted
by the Bluffton Police Department and the Wells County Prosecutor's Officer.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150401-TX-BRF-Excise-officer-accused-in-sexual-misconduct
-case-0401-20150401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 11, 1992, Tuesday

Another county deputy fired for alleged sexual misconduct

BYLINE: By Rob Johnson STAFF WRITERgwinnett/county; sex; corruption; police;
personnel; investigations

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 1

LENGTH: 200 words


Gwinnett County Sheriff Bobby Plunkett fired another deputy Monday, the sixth
person forced to leave the department since disclosures that detention officers
were engaging in sexual activity with female inmates.

Deputy William McKinney was fired for conduct unbecoming a deputy, the
department announced, saying that he allegedly had "consensual contact of a
sexual nature with inmates under his supervision."

In addition, he allegedly tried to mislead investigators and refused a polygraph
examination, Chief Deputy Jack Enter said.

Last week, the department fired Albert White Jr., Jeffrey West and Stanley Hall
for alleged improprieties after the GBI completed its investigation.

The charges of misconduct surfaced in June, when deputies told reporters about
sexual improprieties within the new Gwinnett Pre-Trial Detention Center.

The misconduct, they charged, was occurring among the deputies who supervised
their female charges in the communal detention areas.

Soon after the GBI completed its investigation at the county jail, Chief Deputy
Enter reorganized the staffing to allow the deputies who supervise the female
detention areas to work in pairs - one male and one female.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 10, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Police Chiefs Say Criticism Of Departments Is Valid

BYLINE: By MICHAEL JANOFSKY

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 969 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 9


Police chiefs meeting here to examine how their officers could earn more public
trust said today that complaints about police misconduct were often valid and
that departments had far to go to meet demands for more accountability, respect
and courtesy.

The daylong conference, which was held in private on Thursday, was convened in
response to the public outcry over the the fatal shooting of an unarmed West
African immigrant by four white New York City police officers and by
questionable police behavior in other cities.

Several chiefs described the hastily arranged meeting as highly unusual for its
urgency and candor, much of which focused on race relations. Each of the 19
chiefs was asked to bring a local community leader, someone not necessarily a
strong supporter of the chief's department or its policies. The first two hours
of the conference were set aside for the community leaders to raise issues of
concern to them, with the chiefs required to listen in silence.

The chiefs responded in turn, and for the most part, several said, they agreed
with the criticism.

"We are collectively committed to doing all we can to strengthen community
partnerships and take a hard look at our recruitment, hiring, training and
oversight practices," said Thomas C. Frazier, the Baltimore Police Commissioner
and president of the organization that arranged the meeting, the Police
Executive Research Forum, a nonprofit group that studies police issues.

Mr. Frazier added: "Yesterday's meeting should be considered the beginning of a
continuing dialogue. This process is clearly a journey, not a destination."

The chiefs who attended represented large cities, including New York,
Philadelphia and Minneapolis, as well as smaller ones, like Arlington, Va., and
Stamford, Conn.

The only specific policy initiative they announced was a pledge to develop new
standards for traffic stops that include a higher degree of courtesy than many
officers typically display now, often when minority drivers are involved.

Such new procedures, the chiefs acknowledged, could include something as simple
as an apology to drivers who were found not to have committed any crime.

Speaking at her weekly news conference before joining the forum for about an
hour, Attorney General Janet Reno described traffic stops as an issue especially
sensitive to blacks and other minorities, who are often pulled over at a higher
rate than whites.

"It is so very important that we address the feelings of Americans who feel that
police officers are stopping them because of race," Ms. Reno said.

The civil rights division of the Justice Department is investigating complaints
about police behavior in a variety of contexts in several places, including New
York, Los Angeles, Buffalo and the Washington suburb of Montgomery County, Md.

Commissioner Howard Safir of New York said the chiefs discussed creating a
national standard for how officers should conduct traffic stops. Mr. Safir said
that in New York he would speed plans for putting video cameras into patrol
cars, with a pilot program in the highway division to start as soon as possible.

Besides studying traffic-stop procedures, the chiefs said they would work with
leading civil rights organizations to amend policing policies.

Echoing views expressed by other chiefs, John F. Timoney, the Philadelphia
Police Commissioner and a former first deputy commissioner in New York, said:
"Frankly, there is a problem with race in policing. To solve it, we have to deal
openly with it. If we don't stipulate that race is an issue, everything flows
from that and then it's just an academic exercise."

No recent episode demonstrated the problems more vividly than the shooting death
of Amadou Diallo, the West African immigrant who was standing, unarmed, in the
vestibule of his Bronx apartment building on Feb. 4 when police officers fired
41 shots at him, hitting him 19 times. Four officers have pleaded not guilty to
charges of second-degree murder.

To police critics in New York and elsewhere, the shooting demonstrated why
average citizens have grown distrustful and afraid of people who are paid to
protect them, especially in minority neighborhoods.

Chuck Wexler, executive director of the research forum, which represents chiefs
in 300 cities of 50,000 people or more, said several chiefs had called him in
recent weeks to talk about how they might stop the erosion of trust now that
crime was falling in most big cities, with chiefs getting much of the credit.

Many, like Mr. Safir, find themselves on the defensive from people who fear the
police as much as they fear criminals.

To measure the extent of the problem, the research forum sent questionnaires,
asking the chiefs and the community leaders they designated to assess race
relations with the police. Mr. Wexler said the responses from both sides
reflected a surprising level of agreement.

Mr. Safir said: "One of the things this conference did was make it clear to me
that the perception is nationwide. The complaints I heard here were not unlike
those I've heard from 50 groups I've spoken to since Feb. 4. Most complaints are
not about force. They're about respect. They're related to how people are
treated."

Mr. Safir's guest at the conference was Richard E. Green, chief executive of the
Crown Heights Youth Collective, an outreach program in Brooklyn. Like other
community leaders who attended, Mr. Green said he walked into the room on
Thursday skeptical that any meaningful progress might be achieved.

He said he left feeling hopeful.

"It was a very productive, very frank discussion," Mr. Green said. "I heard
things that gave me greater assurance things might change. Was it nirvana? No.
But they got the ball to the 20-yard line. We have to work to get it into the
end zone."



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Leafs' Hollweg suspended

BYLINE: Sports Ticker

SECTION: SPORTS; NHL Notes; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 309  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Toronto Maple Leafs left wing Ryan Hollweg will miss the start of the season
after receiving a two-game suspension yesterday. The penalty, which was
automatically assessed without pay, stems from his third game misconduct in a
41-game span.

Hollweg's third game misconduct came during Wednesday's 7-3 preseason loss to
the St. Louis Blues when he was called for a boarding major.

Last season with the New York Rangers, Hollweg received checking-from-behind
majors and game misconducts on Jan. 5 against the Edmonton Oilers and Feb. 3
against the Canadiens.

Hollweg, who forfeits $5,510.76 in salary, had two goals and two assists with 96
penalty minutes over 70 games in 2007-08.

Hurricanes sign LW LaCouture to one-year deal: The Carolina Hurricanes signed
left-winger Dan LaCouture, 31, to a one-year deal that will pay him $475,000 on
the NHL level or $50,000 on the American Hockey League level, with a guarantee
of at least $75,000 during the 2008-09 season.

Canucks get O'Brien, Ouellet from Lightning: The Vancouver Canucks acquired
defenceman Shane O'Brien and right-winger Michel Ouellet from the Tampa Bay
Lightning for defenceman Lukas Krajicek and right wing Juraj Simek.

Hurricanes RW Walker out six weeks: Carolina Hurricanes right wing Scott Walker
will be sidelined six weeks after undergoing surgery yesterday to repair a torn
ligament in his left hand. Walker, 35, had 14 goals and 32 points in 58 games
last season, his second with the Hurricanes.

Panthers 6, Islanders 0

At Sunrise, Fla., the Panthers ended their preseason schedule on a positive note
with goaltender Tomas Vokoun shutting out New York. Vokoun stopped all 29 shots
he faced - including a breakaway save against Richard Park. Islanders defenceman
Chris Lee was taken off the ice on a stretcher after a vicious check from behind
by Olesz with 8:58 remaining in the third period.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 21, 1999 Tuesday

BYLINE: Deena Winter

LENGTH: 454 words


A State Penitentiary guard has confessed to nine incidents of sexual misconduct
with five female prison inmates, according to documents filed by the prison
warden in the guard's personnel file. Miguel Rosales has been on paid
administrative leave since Sept. 2, the same day the prison warden confirmed
that several women had come foward in the preceding weeks with allegations of
sexual misconduct against Rosales.

Friday, the prison warden wrote a letter to Rosales in which he said he was
informed Thursday that Rosales admitted to sexual misconduct. The admission,
according to warden Tim Schuetzle, was made to an agent from the state Bureau of
Criminal Investigation, which is investigating the case. Schuetzle's letter
indicates that the incidents occurred on prison property, while Rosales was on
duty. In the letter, Schuetzle said he was considering disciplinary action that
could include termination, but before making a decision, Schuetzle gave Rosales
an opportunity to respond to the allegations in writing. Rosales' deadline to
respond is 4 p.m. today. Rosales has not been charged with any crime. The
investigation is not complete, according to BCI Director Bill Broer, but may be
wrapped up by the end of the week. Burleigh County State's Attorney Richard Riha
said he has received some information on the case from investigators, but is
waiting for more. Rosales' personnel file indicates no other problems up until
July. In his annual performance review, he is described as a polite,
professional, cheerful, self-motivated role model who was well-liked by
co-workers and an ""outstanding officer and positive asset'' to the prison. He
was named ""employee of the month'' in May 1997. But on July 28, he was
permanently removed from the prison's Special Operations Response Team after an
incident in Appleton, Minn., where he and a team of correctional officers were
sent to transport North Dakota prisoners. According to a document in his
personnel file, Rosales became ""unprofessional, loud and vulgar'' at a bar in
Appleton on July 20, and later that night got into a fight with another
correctional officer in a motel hallway. According to his file, Rosales began
working as a corrections officer at the prison in 1996, after working as a house
manager for Charles Hall Youth Services in Bismarck from 1993 to 1996, and as a
waiter at a country club in California from 1990 to 1992. Prior to that, he
worked for Sears, Roebuck and Co. in Los Angeles from 1987 to 1990. His resume
also indicated he supervised underprivileged children as a camp counselor in
Glendale, Calif. Rosales could not be reached for comment. His number is not
listed and the penitentiary will not give out employee phone numbers.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 21, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Md. tilts at ex-prosecutor overseeing bailout;
State court may weigh in on bank deal

BYLINE: Brad Heath, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 569 words


Maryland regulators are asking the state's top court to discipline a former
federal prosecutor -- now helping to oversee the government's $700 billion
bailout -- for a secret arrangement targeting a prominent banker who had not
broken the law.

Their request comes nearly five years after Justice Department officials were
told that the lawyer, John Sellers, reached a secret agreement with American
Express' international banking arm barring the company from rehiring its former
top executive. The department later withdrew that agreement and said in a rare
public letter that it had no evidence that the banker, Sergio Masvidal, had done
anything illegal.

The case is one of only a handful over the past decade in which state
authorities in charge of regulating the legal profession have sought to
discipline a federal prosecutor. It comes as lawmakers have expressed concern
about the Justice Department's handling of misconduct by its attorneys. In
April, a Senate committee said it "questions the judgment of the Department" in
assigning some of the prosecutors responsible for the tainted corruption case
against former senator Ted Stevens to other  investigations.

An internal Justice Department probe concluded in October 2010 that Sellers had
committed "reckless" misconduct by not telling his supervisors or a federal
court judge about the side agreement. Sellers left the agency before it could
take  action against him; he now works as an attorney for the special inspector
general overseeing the federal bailout, state and federal records show.

A 2010 USA TODAY investigation found that federal prosecutors rarely  lose their
jobs for misconduct, and that actions by state regulators are uncommon.

Sellers declined to comment; his lawyer, James  Nolan, denied the allegations in
a court filing last week. The case is being handled in Maryland because that is
where Sellers is licensed.

The side agreement came at the end of a federal money-laundering case against
American Express Bank International, which the bank settled in 2007 for $55
million. Before the settlement, Sellers  and the bank's attorneys signed an
agreement that the bank would not rehire Masvidal and another former executive
without the government's permission. Masvidal was not told; when he found out
and complained, the Justice Department withdrew it.

Maryland officials alleged in their  complaint that Sellers had an obligation to
tell his supervisors  and a federal district court judge about the side
agreement and a second undisclosed agreement in which he promised  that the
government would not bar other American Express subsidiaries from  federal
contracts.

One of Masvidal's attorneys at the time, James Cooper, said Sellers told him
during a phone call that Masvidal was "bad for banking" and vowed to "follow him
for the rest of his life," an allegation also reflected in the Maryland filing.

Masvidal's current lawyer, Joseph DeMaria, said it is "ridiculous" that Sellers
was able to get another government job. "What they let him do is sneak out the
back door to the Treasury Department," he said.

A spokesman for the special inspector general overseeing the Troubled Asset
Relief Program, Troy Gravitt, said officials "are aware of the matter" but could
not say whether they knew about it before Sellers was hired. Justice Department
spokesman Dean Boyd said he could not comment on the case because of federal
privacy laws.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo By Denny Gainer, USA TODAY Mishandling of misconduct? A request
to discipline John Sellers comes as lawmakers voice concern over Justice's
judgment.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Six counties in 60 seconds

SECTION: STATE_; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 502 words


No new bribery trial:

A federal judge in Chicago has denied a motion for a new trial filed by a former
state legislator convicted of bribery and attempted extortion. In his motion,
former state Rep. Derrick Smith contended the trial judge erred in not allowing
him to present an entrapment defense and evidence of entrapment. He also
contended the judge gave deficient jury instructions. Judge Sharon Johnson
Coleman on Wednesday dismissed Smith's assertions. She wrote it was clear he
wanted to share the proceeds of the bribery and there was no evidence he
received an unfair trial because of instructions given jurors. During Smith's
trial, prosecutors played secret recordings of the Chicago Democrat accepting 70
$100 bills in exchange for a letter supporting a state grant. But it was all an
FBI sting.

Union against releasing files:

The union that represents Chicago police wants a judge to stop the city from
releasing files that detail officer misconduct until the records can be
reviewed. The Chicago Sun-Times reported that the Fraternal Order of Police
filed the request for an injunction Tuesday against the city and the police
department. The union's request comes after the Chicago Police Department
announced a new policy that would make public all completed investigations of
Chicago police misconduct. The city notified the union that the files would be
released on Friday to reporters. The union argues that collective bargaining
agreements and the Illinois Personnel Record Review Act preclude the city from
turning over the records.

Man charged in shooting:

Police said they arrested a Chicago man in the shooting an off-duty corrections
officer after he showed up with a gunshot wound at the hospital where the
officer was being treated. James Tillman is charged with attempted first-degree
murder, aggravated battery with discharge of a firearm and attempted aggravated
vehicular hijacking. The 21-year-old was ordered held without bail. Police said
Tillman tried to rob a 34-year-old Cook County sheriff's correctional officer
Sunday and shot him in the hand. They said he ran away when the officer fired a
gun. Tillman went to an Oak Lawn hospital later that day and was arrested. A
Cook County sheriff's office spokeswoman said the officer is expected to
recover.

More trips to Detroit?

Proposed passenger rail improvements could boost train service between Detroit
and Chicago from three to 10 daily trips and cut travel time by up to two hours,
according to an environmental impact review. Michigan residents discussed the
proposal Tuesday in Dearborn at the first of three public hearings on the
review, the Detroit Free Press reported. The report shows the train service
through parts of Michigan, Illinois and Indiana would reach speeds of 110 mph
and reduce the 5-hour, 38-minute trip between Detroit and Chicago by 2035.
Hearings are also scheduled this week at Chicago Union Station and the Genesis
Convention Center in Gary, Indiana. Officials hope to make a decision by spring
of 2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Derrick Smith Derrick Smith Associated Press/2012 Former state lawmaker
Derrick Smith

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Excise officer arrested on sexual misconduct charge

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


March 31--An Indiana State Excise Police officer has been arrested on a sexual
misconduct charge.

Jeremy W. Reed, 37, of Bluffton, was taken into custody by the Bluffton Police
Department at 3:45 p.m. Monday. He was preliminarily charged with the level 4
felony of sexual misconduct with a minor and dissemination of matter harmful to
minors, a level 6 felony.

Reed is expected to appear today for an initial hearing in Wells County Circuit
Court.

Reed is a seven year employee of the Indiana State Excise Police and holds the
rank of officer. Indiana State Excise Police Superintendent Matt Strittmatter
has placed Reed on administrative leave and ordered an internal investigation to
begin immediately.

The investigation regarding the preliminary criminal charges is being conducted
by the Bluffton Police Department and the Wells County Prosecutor's Officer. The
investigation is ongoing.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150331-TX-BRF-Excise-officer-arrested-on-sexual-misconduct
-charge-0331-20150331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              July 20, 2007 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PLAME'S LEAK SUIT DISMISSED

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 566 words


WASHINGTON -- Former CIA operative Valerie Plame lost a lawsuit yesterday that
demanded money from Bush administration officials whom she blamed for leaking
her agency identity.

Ms. Plame, the wife of former Ambassador Joseph Wilson, had accused Vice
President Dick Cheney and others of conspiring to disclose her identity in 2003.
She said that violated her privacy rights and was illegal retribution for her
husband's criticism of the administration.

U.S. District Judge John D. Bates dismissed the case on jurisdictional grounds
and said he would not express an opinion on the constitutional arguments.

Judge Bates dismissed the case against all defendants: Mr. Cheney, White House
political adviser Karl Rove, former White House aide I. Lewis "Scooter" Libby
and former Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage.

Police department shake-up

BALTIMORE -- Faced with a rising murder rate, Baltimore's interim mayor
announced yesterday that she was replacing the head of the city's police
department.

Commissioner Leonard Hamm, who had moved up in the ranks after joining the
department in 1974, was the fourth police chief in as many years when he took
the job in March 2005. He resigned this week at Mayor Sheila Dixon's request.

Deputy Commissioner Frederick Bealefeld III will run the 3,000-member department
on an interim basis, although a replacement could be named before the mayoral
primary in September, said mayor's spokesman Anthony McCarthy said.

Ms. Dixon took office when former Mayor Martin O'Malley was elected governor.

Police-misconduct action

CHICAGO -- The City Council yesterday gave Mayor Richard M. Daley direct command
of the office that investigates police misconduct, hoping to restore public
confidence in a department that has been dogged by a series of embarrassing
abuse allegations.

Mr. Daley vowed to take control of the Office of Professional Standards after
misconduct including two videotaped beatings involving off-duty officers at bars
and the indictments of six officers from the Special Operations Section on
charges ranging from burglary to armed violence.

Uranium-data theft case

WASHINGTON -- A contract employee at a nuclear material cleanup site in
Tennessee pleaded not guilty yesterday to charges that he stole classified
information about enriching uranium to sell to foreign governments.

Roy Lynn Oakley, 65, of Roane County, Tenn., was arrested in January after he
allegedly tried to sell the sensitive material to undercover FBI agents.

None of the data made it out of the country or was transmitted to criminal or
terrorist groups, the Justice Department said in a statement issued in
Washington.

Mr. Oakley entered the plea before a federal judge in Knoxville, Tenn.

Bush pushes immigration

NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- President Bush sharply challenged critics of his stalled
immigration-overhaul efforts yesterday, suggesting that failure to pass a
guest-worker program could trigger a labor shortage in the United States.

At a town-hall style meeting, Mr. Bush also rebuffed a question about whether he
would consider pardoning two Border Patrol agents in prison for the cover-up of
the shooting of a drug trafficker in Texas.

The president said he was disappointed about his immigration bill's demise in
the Senate and reiterated his support for a guest worker program and a path
toward citizenship for many of the 12 million illegal immigrants now in the
United States.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

MINING MAYHEM RULED OUT

BYLINE: Dee J. Hall and Mary Spicuzza

SECTION: LOCAL; On the Capitol; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 527 words


How worried were lawmakers about mayhem at the marathon mining hearing Wednesday
at the Capitol?

Here were the ground rules as read by co-chairwoman Rep. Mary Williams,
R-Medford:

"There will be no yielding of time, threats, singing, chanting, dancing,
yelling, disruptions, instruments, props, inappropriate gestures, saving of
seats, profanity, costumes, interpretive dance or any behavior deemed offensive
or disruptive by the committee chairs."

She forgot to include mime.

Basis for appeal?

On Tuesday, Milwaukee County Circuit Judge David Hansher scolded a former aide
to Gov. Scott Walker, saying Tim Russell was not convicted of run-of-the-mill
theft. It was, the judge said, a more "serious and disturbing" case of "
misconduct in public office."

Russell pleaded guilty to pilfering more than $20,000 from Operation Freedom, an
event for veterans that had previously been organized by Walker's staff in the
Milwaukee County executive's office.

"It is not a theft, as I think has been reported," Hansher said at Russell's
sentencing hearing Tuesday. "It's misconduct in public office, which I think is
a lot more serious than misdemeanor theft or even a felony theft. The fact that
money was stolen, which is a felony, which led to the misconduct in public
office, I think is very important."

Problem was, although the ongoing John Doe investigation has spawned misconduct
charges against another former Walker aide, Russell had, in fact, pleaded guilty
to regular felony theft. Misconduct in public office is a separate crime - one
with which Russell was not charged.

Hansher sentenced the 49-year-old to two years in prison and five years of
extended supervision - a more harsh sentence than had been recommended by
Assistant District Attorney Bruce Landgraf, who had asked for a two-year term
and two years of supervision. Later Tuesday, the judge called the parties back
into his courtroom to clarify his statements.

Russell's attorney, Parker Mathers, said his client plans to appeal. And the
judge's statements, he said, "most likely will be part of the appeal."

Rare agreement

The left-leaning Wisconsin Public Interest Research Group and conservative top
Assembly leaders have found common ground: Neither is wild about a proposal made
Wednesday by a bipartisan state commission calling for a large increase in
transportation spending and a commensurate increase in driver registration fees
and gas tax.

WisPIRG's Bruce Speight said Wisconsin is already "out of whack," spending
significantly more on new highway construction and significantly less on mass
transit than its Midwestern neighbors - and at a time when state residents are
driving 500 miles less per year than a decade ago. Speight said the state's
money would be better spent fixing existing roads and investing in buses.

For his part, Assembly Majority Leader Scott Suder, R-Abbottsford, just doesn't
want to raise costs for hardworking Wisconsinites to pay for the $480 million
per year increase in highway, rail and transit spending proposed by the
commission. Said Suder: "Raising taxes will only serve to damage our recovering
economy. Any increase in the state gas tax is simply off the table."

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

EDITORIAL;
SCHOOLS' SECRECY SHIELDS SEXUAL PREDATORS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 409 words


IF you're wondering how it is that so many schools seem to have employed sexual
predators for so many years unbeknownst to anyone, this may be the answer:
secrecy.

In the wake of the Miramonte School scandal earlier this year, several
newspapers in the Los Angeles News Group (to which this newspaper belongs) have
tried to uncover any other teachers who might be involved in sexual misconduct.

From Los Angeles to San Bernardino, reporters filed public record requests to
dozens of school districts asking for information about teachers who have been
the subject of complaints, were disciplined for misconduct, had their teaching
credentials revoked, or had been convicted of a crime.

Their response? Get lost.

In short, most of the school districts ignored the clear directions of the
California Public Records Act and denied access to these documents. They hid
behind generic wording in the state education code without engaging at all. The
clear message was this: The people who expect schools to be safe education
havens can't be allowed to know if their kids are being exposed to people who
may abuse them.

In the nearby San Gabriel Valley, 28 school districts were asked for information
on teacher misconduct. Fully 26 of them completely failed to comply with the
law.

Among the districts not complying was Los Angeles Unified, ground zero for a
wave of teacher sexual misconduct scandals at the moment - a wave that began at
Miramonte Elementary School in South Los Angeles. In January, teacher Mark
Berndt was arrested on 23 counts of lewd conduct, after which it was revealed
that students had been complaining about him for years.

That arrest kicked off a slew of arrests and accusations about other teachers in
the greater Los Angeles area. They include Paul Chapel III, a former teacher at
LAUSD's Telfair Elementary School, who is charged with molesting four
youngsters.

These arrests led a Los Angeles Daily News reporter to try to uncover more
potentially problem teachers. To that end, she requested information on teachers
who were fired in past years and one who had teaching credentials revoked. So
far, LAUSD hasn't produced anything - other than confusion on how to respond.

The district lacks a coherent and consistent system to alert the public to
problem teachers. Parents and students should have known about the past
complaints against Berndt and Chapel years before they came out. Superintendent
John Deasy must make that a top priority.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 30, 2002 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR : POLICE CASES ALREADY GET CIVILIAN REVIEW

SECTION: EDITORIAL ; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 251 words


As a retired city police officer, I do not agree with the Post-Dispatch's
position on the need for a civilian review board to review allegations of police
misconduct.

The Police Department is managed by a civilian review board, the Board of Police
Commissioners, who are appointed by the governor with approval and input from
the state Senate, both elected positions. The mayor of St. Louis, who is
elected, is also a member of the Police Board.

The board acts as representatives for the citizens, approves the discipline of
officers and recommends changes in training.

If an officer is accused of misconduct, the case is presented to the circuit
attorney, an elected official, who has a staff to investigate misconduct cases.
The circuit attorney can present the case to a grand jury, which is also a
civilian review board.

Police misconduct cases have been brought to trial, and a jury, made up St.
Louis citizens, has rendered verdicts based on the evidence.

For federal violations, similar safeguards are in place.

Now the Post-Dispatch and a small group of citizens, who are not happy with how
certain allegations of police misconduct have turned out, are demanding yet
another civilian review board to second-guess the actions of police officers,
who must make split-second decisions.

It is obvious to me that the Post-Dispatch and this group will not be satisfied
until they can be both the judge and jury of police officers accused of
misconduct.

Edward R. Magee Jr.

St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

Former Hill A.F.B. leader loses job over alleged misconduct

BYLINE: By Matthew D. LaPlante The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 217 words


The former commander of Hill Air Force Base's 75th Air Base Wing has been
relieved of command at the joint Defense Logistics Agency's Defense Supply
Center in Philadelphia, according to the Air Force Times .

Brig. Gen. Scott Chambers lost his job after his superiors substantiated
allegations of personal misconduct in a Defense Department inspector general
report. The Defense Logistics Agency did not explain what the conduct was or
where it occurred.

Chambers commanded the 75th -- which provides base services, from security to
landscaping -- for most of 2006 and 2007, a time during which he presided over
the cleanup of chemically tainted soils, denied allegations by airmen and their
families of inadequate base housing, worked to combat a rising suicide rate
among Hill's work force and responded to the deaths of four Hill airmen in Iraq.

Chambers is the second former Hill leader to be publicly cited for personal
misconduct this year. Chief Master Sgt. William Gurney, who was the senior
enlisted airman at Hill's Ogden Air Logistics Center, has been accused of
sexually harassing 10 female subordinates, including some at Hill, and is facing
court martial proceedings at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois.

Matthew D. LaPlante Alt Heads:

Former Hill A.F.B. leader loses job over alleged misconduct

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

Former Hill A.F.B. leader loses job over alleged misconduct

BYLINE: By Matthew D. LaPlante The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 217 words


The former commander of Hill Air Force Base's 75th Air Base Wing has been
relieved of command at the joint Defense Logistics Agency's Defense Supply
Center in Philadelphia, according to the Air Force Times .

Brig. Gen. Scott Chambers lost his job after his superiors substantiated
allegations of personal misconduct in a Defense Department inspector general
report. The Defense Logistics Agency did not explain what the conduct was or
where it occurred.

Chambers commanded the 75th -- which provides base services, from security to
landscaping -- for most of 2006 and 2007, a time during which he presided over
the cleanup of chemically tainted soils, denied allegations by airmen and their
families of inadequate base housing, worked to combat a rising suicide rate
among Hill's work force and responded to the deaths of four Hill airmen in Iraq.

Chambers is the second former Hill leader to be publicly cited for personal
misconduct this year. Chief Master Sgt. William Gurney, who was the senior
enlisted airman at Hill's Ogden Air Logistics Center, has been accused of
sexually harassing 10 female subordinates, including some at Hill, and is facing
court martial proceedings at Scott Air Force Base in Illinois.

Matthew D. LaPlante Alt Heads:

Former Hill A.F.B. leader loses job over alleged misconduct

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Thousands of protesters set for march on Washington

BYLINE: By Scott Wong

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 840 words


Thousands of protesters led by the Rev. Al Sharpton plan to descend on the
Capitol this Saturday to send lawmakers a message about police brutality.

Furious over the lack of indictments in the police killings of two unarmed black
men, Eric Garner and Michael Brown, civil rights activists are preparing a new
march on Washington that will shut down a stretch of Pennsylvania Avenue and
nearby streets.

"We've seen instances of police violence and misconduct across the country. It's
now not just an issue in one city or one state; it is an issue affecting places
across the country," said Janaye Ingram, executive director of National Action
Network, which is organizing the march.

"This is the time to come together and lift our collective voices, and say to
Congress, we need to see more action from them around police brutality," she
said.

The Sharpton civil rights group is calling for congressional hearings into the
deaths in New York and Ferguson, Mo., hoping they'll lead to legislation
regarding police misconduct.

While the Justice Department is investigating the deaths of both men, organizers
want Congress to enact legislation giving the DOJ more latitude when it comes to
police killings.

"The Congress needs to not only do hearings, they need to deal with the
jurisdictional threshold of how you make a federal case," Sharpton said Sunday
during an appearance with Garner's widow on NBC's "Meet the Press."

On Capitol Hill, leaders of both parties, including House Republican Conference
Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers (R-Wash.), have called for hearings into the
Garner and Brown killings. And Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) signaled last week
that he was open to such hearings, saying Americans "deserve more answers" about
the deaths.

It's unclear exactly how many people will join the National March Against Police
Violence, given that it was only announced Wednesday.

But organizers say it will be led by the families of Garner, Brown and Trayvon
Martin, the unarmed black Florida teen who was fatally shot in 2012 by
neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman. It will also feature the family
of Tamir Rice, a 12-year-old boy who was fatally shot by a Cleveland police
officer last month at a park.

Charter buses will transport people to D.C. from as far as northern Florida,
Atlanta, New York, Philadelphia and Detroit. Others plan to fly into the
nation's capital.

Protesters plan to gather at Freedom Plaza near the White House at 10:30 a.m. on
Saturday and are in the process of securing city permits to march the mile-long
stretch along Pennsylvania Avenue to Capitol Hill.

As of Monday, it had not been decided if a program featuring speakers would
follow the march.

The march follows days of mostly peaceful protests in cities across the country,
after a grand jury's decision last week not to charge a white police officer in
the chokehold death of Garner in Staten Island. The July 17 incident was
captured on video and broadcast worldwide.

The New York decision came just a week after a separate grand jury declined to
indict another white police officer in the shooting death of 18-year-old Brown
in Missouri.

Nonviolent protesters angered by the decisions have shut down freeways and city
streets in New York; Washington, D.C.; Miami and other major cities. Some have
temporarily occupied train stations and retail stores at the height of the
holiday shopping season.

In some instances, protests have turned violent. In Oakland, Calif., protesters
vandalized police cars and shut down a freeway. As things escalated, they threw
rocks, bottles and small explosives at police officers, who then deployed tear
gas, CNN reported.

Saturday's march isn't likely to match the 200,000 to 300,000 people who
descended on the National Mall in 1963 for the historic March on Washington for
Jobs and Freedom, where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. gave his "I Have A
Dream" speech at the Lincoln Memorial.

But African-American civil rights leaders say there are parallels between the
two marches, though they're more than half a century apart.

"It's fitting and appropriate. People have to vent their frustration and
discontent, and do it in a peaceful, orderly nonviolent fashion," Rep. John
Lewis (D-Ga.), the last surviving speaker from the 1963 rally, told The Hill in
an interview.

"We need to teach people the way of peace, the way of love, the way of
nonviolence," he said, "and try to pattern it after what we did during the
'60s."

Rep. Emanuel Cleaver (D-Mo.), former head of the Congressional Black Caucus,
said it's everyone's responsibility ¯ Democrats, Republicans and human rights
leaders ¯ to get involved in the fight to ensure that the criminal justice
system is working well for everyone.

"I don't think it [this issue] is going to disappear, because this stuff is
happening so frequently," Cleaver said. "But we are compelled as national
leaders to be involved in this ¯ this is Republicans and Democrats. Everybody's
going to have to get involved, or this is going to tear us asunder, as a
nation."

Mike Lillis contributed.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2014 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Alleged East Bay prison gang leader's jury deadlocks amid allegations of
misconduct

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; Oakland-Berkeley; Crime; Contra Costa;
News; Local

LENGTH: 259 words


MARTINEZ -- After five years of grand jury testimony and courtroom battles, the
monthlong murder trial of an alleged East Bay jails gang leader ended Friday in
a mistrial, amid allegations of juror misconduct.

Despite the ruling, Contra Costa prosecutor Tom Kensok said afterward he expects
to retry Coby Phillips, who was indicted in 2008 on charges of murder, attempted
murder and conspiracy to sell drugs as part of his gang, Family Affiliated Irish
Mafia, or FAIM.

Throughout the trial, the courtroom was under tight security, with many
prosecution witnesses under witness protection in return for their
participation.

The jury alerted Judge Charles Burch on Thursday that it was hopelessly
deadlocked. A juror claimed one of the 12 jurors failed to deliberate and the
prosecution argued he and possibly another juror should be replaced by the
alternates.

In a rare court procedure, Burch questioned all 12 jurors -- some more than once
-- and determined there was no jury misconduct. He declared a mistrial.

"Two jurors were committing misconduct ... and I believe it hurt the integrity
of the system to have them behave that way," said Kensok.

The veteran prosecutor said he discussed Friday's misconduct hearings with
colleagues and none had ever been involved in such a case.

Phillips' attorney Daniel Horowitz argued that the jurors had strong opinions --
minority opinions leaning toward acquittal, according to juror statements -- but
still followed jury instructions and participated in deliberations. Burch agreed
and released the 12 jurors late Friday.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday

Report finds prosecutorial misconduct in Bay Area

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 1078 words


Bay Area prosecutors committed misconduct last year in 18 cases serious enough
to attract notice from state and federal courts, according to a report released
this month.

In four of those cases -- including two in Santa Clara County -- the courts
either set aside the sentence or conviction, barred evidence or declared a
mistrial, according to the report by the Northern California Innocence Project.
Such misconduct, including concealing evidence favorable to a defendant, can
result in costly retrials or lengthy legal battles even if the conviction
ultimately is upheld.

"Our research shows prosecutorial misconduct continues throughout the state in a
broad range of prosecutions ranging from burglary to rape to murder," said
Maurice Possley, co-author of the study.

But critics, including some prosecutors named in the study, claim the Innocence
Project fails to carefully research the cases in its haste to skewer deputy
district attorneys.

"Like Holocaust deniers and people who believe we never went to the moon, they
have an agenda, and no fact is ever going to get in their way,'' said San Mateo
County prosecutor Alfred Giannini, who the study describes as a "multiple
offender.''

Giannini was cited last year for misconduct in a murder trial that led to the
conviction being set aside, according to the study. It was the third case in
which courts have found his conduct has led to a reversal or mistrial since
1999. He disputes either the courts' findings in all three cases or the
Innocence Project's summary of those opinions.

Possley says the aim of the Innocence Project, based at Santa Clara University's
law school, is not to lambaste prosecutors but to spur reform. If anything, he
said, the study undercounts the actual problem because it does not include
trial-level findings of misconduct that are not reflected in appellate court
rulings and would have to be researched by searching every case file in every
courthouse in the state.

Misconduct ranges from small technical errors to presenting false evidence,
engaging in improper examination, making false and prejudicial arguments,
violating defendants' Fifth Amendment right to silence and discriminating
against minorities in jury selection.

Statewide, the study shows courts found prosecutors committed misconduct last
year in 102 cases, 26 of which required courts to overturn the conviction or
otherwise modify the outcome. In the other 76 cases, the courts upheld the
convictions, finding that the misconduct didn't alter the fundamental fairness
of the trial. The Innocence Project disputes the "harmless error'' findings in
some of the cases, noting some mistakes were constitutional violations, not just
technical errors.

The number of misconduct findings increased last year -- up from 61 statewide in
2009, 11 of which involved Bay Area cases. In three of those local 2009 cases,
the misconduct was deemed "harmful'' and the sentences or convictions modified.
But it's unclear whether the increase last year is due to more brazen misconduct
or better monitoring by the courts.

In one of the Santa Clara County cases in which the courts found "harmful
error,'' an appellate court last year overturned a rape conviction after finding
prosecutor Alison Filo discriminated against Vietnamese people in choosing the
jury in a case involving both a Vietnamese defendant and victim. The case was
retried last month and the defendant was once again convicted of rape. Filo has
declined to comment in the past about the case and did not respond this week to
a request for comment.

In the other Santa Clara County case, a federal appellate court last year
granted a defendant a new trial on murder charges after finding then-prosecutor
Javier Alcala had failed repeatedly to disclose evidence that was potentially
favorable to the defendant, as required by law. But the same federal court last
month issued a new ruling allowing the conviction to stand.

The judges said they hadn't changed their mind about Alcala's misconduct, but
were forced by the U.S. Supreme Court to abide by a federal law giving state
courts more power, so they deferred to a lower-court ruling that found no
misconduct occurred. Alcala, who is now a judge, did not respond to requests for
comment. Supervising District Attorney Brian Welch, who heads the homicide unit,
defended the case, noting the conviction ultimately was upheld.

Prosecutors sometimes shrug off cases where there's a dispute over misconduct or
the misconduct is deemed "harmless.''

But in the Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office, prosecutor David
Angel, head of the recently reinstated Conviction Integrity Unit, said he'll
review the case involving Alcala for possible use in in-house ethics training
classes. Angel also teaches a class on wrongful convictions at Santa Clara
University law school with Cookie Ridolfi, head of the Northern California
Innocence Project.

"Error is error," Angel said. "Every case we have, every year, with any error,
we're going to study it and evaluate it for use in training, regardless of
whether it was harmless.''

Last year, the State Bar of California  vowed to review the records of 130
prosecutors named in a previous Innocence Project report. That study encompassed
13 years of misconduct findings, from 1997 through 2009, for possible
disciplinary action.

"As a result of the initial NCIP report last year, we looked closely at all
cases with reversible error and we have opened a modest number of cases for
investigation and prosecution, if appropriate,'' said James Towery, a prominent
San Jose lawyer and the State Bar's chief trial counsel, who prosecutes
discipline cases against attorneys.

Possley said he believes the State Bar has opened up more than 20 cases as a
result of the report. Since 1997, only about seven prosecutors have been
disciplined publicly in California, including former Santa Clara County
prosecutor Ben Field. Private reprimands are not considered public discipline.

Field has been suspended by the bar for four years for violating several rules
in four criminal cases, ranging from disobeying judges' orders to hiding crucial
evidence from defense lawyers that could have helped people accused of crimes.

The suspension followed an unprecedented, three-year Mercury News investigation
of the Santa Clara County criminal justice system, called "Tainted Trials,
Stolen Justice," that found a dramatic number of cases were infected with errors
by defense attorneys, judges and prosecutors.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

Oakland police sex scandal: Fifth officer put on leave

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News

LENGTH: 272 words


OAKLAND -- A fifth Oakland police officer has been placed on administrative
leave, officials said Sunday, as a sexual misconduct scandal involving officers
and a teenage girl continues to grow. The department did not name the officer,
but it comes days after police Chief Sean Whent left the department.

Sources said Whent's departure on Thursday was at the behest of the federal
monitor overseeing the department. A total of five officers have been placed on
paid administrative leave, two of whom have since resigned from the force. "The
Oakland Police Department can confirm that another officer has been placed on
administrative leave as part of our ongoing investigation into the alleged
sexual misconduct case involving Oakland police officers," according to a Police
Department statement. "The Internal Affairs Division will continue to
investigate all of the misconduct allegations." In an interview Saturday,
Celeste Guap, the woman at the center of the police sexual misconduct scandal,
said she has had sex with 14 Oakland officers, including three when she was
underage; that two officers provided her with confidential police information,
including tips on scheduled anti-prostitution stings; and that a retired OPD
captain in his 80s paid $250 to have sex with her in a dingy San Pablo Avenue
motel. Guap, an exploited minor caught up in sex work, said she also had sex
after she turned 18 in August with officers from the Richmond Police Department,
the Alameda County Sheriff's Office as well as a Livermore police officer and a
law enforcement worker based in Stockton. This newspaper is not using Guap's
real name.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 1, 1994, Sunday

IHL PLAYOFFS Knights aiming for sixth straight win

BYLINE: By Louis T. Mayeux STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Section E; Page 13

LENGTH: 324 words


Last season, the Fort Wayne Komets swept the Turner Cup playoffs. This year, the
Atlanta Knights are the only team left with a chance to take the championship
with a perfect 12-0 record.

The Knights, seeking their sixth straight playoff victory, meet the San Diego
Gulls at 6 p.m. today at The Omni in the second game of the Western Conference
finals. After sweeping the Milwaukee Admirals in the first round, the Knights
beat the Gulls 5-1 in the opener of the best-of- seven series Friday night.

Even after Atlanta took a 4-0 lead early in the second period, the Gulls kept
battling, but the Knights' Mike Greenlay, suddenly the IHL's hottest goalie, had
31 saves to cut off any San Diego hopes for a comeback.

The teams brawled late in the third period, resulting in a 19-minute delay, 10
game misconduct penalties and four 10-minute misconducts. Gulls wingers Denny
Lambert and Robin Bawa and Knights winger Jim Cummins will be ineligible tonight
because of double-game misconducts.

Knights captain Stan Drulia, who had a goal and two assists Friday, shrugged off
the extended fighting and said the Gulls will play tougher tonight to try to get
a split in Atlanta before the series moves to San Diego for two or possibly
three games.

"They've got a veteran team. They're not going to sit back at all," Drulia said.
"If we're not ready, they'll beat us."

As they had against the Admirals, the Knights received strong performances from
left winger Jason Ruff and centers Bill McDougall and Steve Larouche. Ruff had
two goals, Larouche one, and McDougall three assists.

Ruff, who's taken a starring role in the playoffs after an average regular
season, said coach John Paris's offensive system "lets me play my game. If the
puck's in the corner, I go in for it. I like to freewheel."

Center Devin Edgerton, the Knights' best rookie, sat out Friday night's game
with a knee injury and he's also questionable for today's game.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941300428

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Magistrate court judge accused of misconduct

BYLINE: By, Noel Lyn Smith

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 770 words


FARMINGTON - Aztec Magistrate Court Judge Connie Johnston has been charged with
15 counts of violating rules in the state's Code of Judicial Conduct and
suspended without pay by the New Mexico Supreme Court after a petition against
her was filed last week by the New Mexico Judicial Standards Commission for
alleged misconduct.

The state Supreme Court issued its order after a hearing in Santa Fe. The
temporary suspension is without pay and went into effect Feb. 10, according to
court documents.

The Judicial Standards Commission filed the petition to the high court against
Johnston on Feb. 4, alleging the violations and "willful misconduct in office,"
according to court documents. The commission is an independent state agency
authorized to investigate allegations of judicial misconduct against state,
county and municipal judges and judicial candidates, according to its website.

Johnston faces allegations that include holding a court clerk in contempt of
court, showing favoritism toward and trying to aid a plaintiff, changing the
terms of a plea agreement after she had accepted it, failing to follow
directions issued by Magistrate Judge Barry Sharer that instructed Johnston to
have two court clerks in the courtroom at all times, exposing her undergarments
to Sharer and asking if he wanted to search her, failing to perform judicial
duties by leaving the courthouse without notice, performing judicial duties
without the presence of a clerk in the courtroom, and participating in direct
communication with plaintiffs without a defendant's attorney present.

According to court documents, Johnston denied any wrongdoing. She hopes the
truth is exposed before the next hearing.

"I want the people to know there's a lot more to this story, and I want it to
come out," she said.

Johnston was told to provide a written answer to the charges in the petition
within 21 days from the time she was served. The petition states that returning
Johnston to judicial service would "cause immediate and substantial risk of harm
to the judiciary and staff of the San Juan County Magistrate Court, to law
enforcement, to users of the court, and an erosion of public confidence in the
integrity and impartiality of the judiciary ..."

The high court ordered a reimbursement of pay withheld from Johnston between
Jan. 6 to Feb. 10, stemming from a previous court order that suspended her
without pay before the hearing. Johnston was suspended on Jan. 6 by the state
Supreme Court after a petition was filed against her by the Judicial Standards
Commission, which is based in Albuquerque.

Randy Roybal, executive director of the commission, previously told The Daily
Times that the commission may conduct hearings or hold a trial to hear evidence
of alleged wrongdoing, and it can then make recommendations to the state Supreme
Court for actions in regard to the complaint.

This is the latest order by the state Supreme Court against Johnston, who was
initially suspended in December after she ordered a court clerk to be jailed for
contempt. In the December ruling, the high court reversed the order of contempt
Johnston placed on court clerk Amy Verholst.

At the time, the state Supreme Court allowed Johnston to continue receiving her
full salary and benefits, but she was not allowed to report for duty or carry
out acts as a magistrate judge.

Johnston, a former detective with the San Juan County Sheriff's Office, was
appointed to the bench on Aug. 15, 2014, by Gov. Susana Martinez. She ran
unopposed for the Division 1 magistrate judge seat and was elected to a full
term in November 2014.

Attorney Steve Murphy, representing Verholst, said he has filed a notice of tort
claim with the state's Risk Management Division. The notice states litigation
may follow if Johnston is not investigated for violating the privacy rights of
the court staff, magistrate judges, attorneys and individuals facing criminal
charges. The notice alleges Johnston placed audio and video recording devices
throughout the magistrate court building and secretly recorded conversations.

Murphy said he filed the notice on behalf of eight court employees, and
magistrate judges Barry Sharer and Trudy Chase.

"This is a violation of New Mexico state law and federal law," Murphy said,
adding the court employees and judges are requesting that Johnston resign
immediately.

Murphy also filed a complaint in December on behalf of Verholst against Johnston
with the Judicial Standards Commission.

Noel Lyn Smith covers the Navajo Nation for The Daily Times. She can be reached
at 505-564-4636.

Online: See documents related to Johnston's suspension at daily-times.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2016 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

9 ways Dennis Hastert collected enough funds to pay $3.5 million in 'hush money'

BYLINE: Caitlin Wilson, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


June 02--Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert of Illinois had plenty of
funds from which to draw the $3.5 million in apparent "hush money" he stands
accused of paying for decades-ago sexual misconduct that made him the subject of
a federal investigation and indictment, says the Chicago Tribune.

During his time in Congress and then after resigning in 2007, Hastert had
several sources of income which the Tribune says could explain how Hastert
planned to pay the "Individual A" who was named in his May 28 indictment.

Hastert has been accused of subverting banking laws to escape the notice of
federal authorities as he withdrew large sums of cash from several accounts. The
indictment says the cash was meant for "Individual A" as compensation for and
incentive to keep quiet about "past misconduct." Unnamed law enforcement
officials later told the media the misconduct was sexual in nature and occurred
at some point during the time when Hastert was a high school teacher and
wrestling coach in Yorkville from 1965 to 1981.

The Tribune analyzed how Hastert could have been making enough money to promise
Individual A $3.5 million:

1. Congressional salary: $165,200

2. Federal lobbyist at Dickstein Shapiro salary: As much as $1-2 million a year

* His lobbying work with Lorillard Tobacco, Maersk Inc. and Service Master made
his company $11 million between 2008 and 2009.

* His lobbying work with Illinois companies such as CenterPoint Properties and
PolyBright International Inc. made his company about $190,000 between 2009 and
2014.

* He also lobbied Congress on behalf of countries such as Luxembourg and Turkey.

3. Three government (Illinois' Teachers Retirement System, General Assembly
Retirement System and congressional) pensions: $116,349 a year

4. Farmland in Illinois and Wisconsin and he and his wife's Plano, Ill. home are
believed to have had a net worth between $2.1 million and $10.3 million in 2007.
They also own land in Florida.

5. Royalties from his book "Lessons From 30 Years in Coaching and Politics": up
to $5,000 a year

6. Speaking engagements: Up to $25,000 each

7. Property flipping land deal: $2 million

8. Sale of a Washington, D.C. house: up to $500,000

9. Salary for serving on the board of the Chicago-based CME group: $205,019 in
cash and stocks

Hastert resigned from the lobbying firm Dickstein Shapiro and the CME board
after the news of the indictment broke. His name was removed from a policy
center at his alma mater, Wheaton College. His arraignment is set for Thursday,
June 4th.

Caitlin Wilson is a staff writer for Reboot Illinois. She graduated from Loyola
University Chicago, where she studied journalism and political science. Caitlin
has become both endeared to and frustrated with her adopted home state and wants
to bring Illinoisans the information they need to actively participate in the
politics that directly affect them. You can find Reboot on Facebook here and on
Twitter at @rebootillinois.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2015 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150602-2IL-9-ways-Dennis-Hastert-collected-enough-funds-to-pay-3.5-million-in-
hush-money-0602-20150602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2015


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

YOS employee not guilty of misconduct

BYLINE: Ryan Severance, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 413 words


Oct. 15--The warden of the Pueblo Youthful Offender System and an employee have
been cleared of wrongdoing on official misconduct charges relating to their job.

Following a trial that began Oct. 6, Rafael Cisneros was found not guilty of
charge one and two of first-degree official misconduct and the district
attorney's office previously dismissed a third count, according to court
records. The charges were all misdemeanors.

The charges that were listed in court records stated that between Jan. 1 and
Feb. 1, 2014; Jan. 1 and Feb. 1, of this year; and April 14 and April 15, 2014,
Cisneros, "with intent to obtain a benefit for any person or maliciously cause
harm to another, unlawfully and knowingly violated a statute or lawfully adopted
rule or regulation relating to his office."

The case against Michael Romero, the YOS warden, was dismissed on Sept. 19. He
was facing three charges of second- degree official misconduct. Those charges
were all petty offenses.

The charges stated that between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31, 2014; Jan. 1 and Dec. 1, of
this year; and Nov. 1 and Dec. 31, 2014, Romero, "unlawfully, knowingly,
arbitrarily and capriciously violated a statute or lawfully adopted rule or
regulation relating to his office."

Both Romero and Cisneros were summoned to appear in court on Jan. 6 to answer
the charges, which were filed by the 10th Judicial District Attorney's Office on
Dec. 1.

The misconduct charges stemmed from alleged failure to file paperwork disclosing
Cisneros' outside business for two years and Romero's alleged failure to make
sure Cisneros accomplished that, according to the district attorney's office.
Romero also was charged with alleged receipt of free repair of a mirror in his
private business from a DOC contractor.

Romero is still employed at YOS. Cisneros continues to work for the Department
of Corrections, which oversees the facility, said Laurie Kilpatrick, DOC public
information officer.

YOS, located in Pueblo at 1300 W. 13th St., is a housing facility for young
adult and youthful offenders who were between 14 and 19 years old when they
committed their crime and were sentenced before their 21st birthday. The
facility can house about 250 inmates, according to its website.

YOS offers educational courses, treatment programs and vocational programs to
offenders.

ryans@chieftain.com

___ (c)2016 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161015-PB-YOS-employee-not-guilty-of-misconduct-1015-20161015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2016 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Officer disciplinary proposal advances;
Minneapolis' chief would have to respond in 30 days if a panel of citizens
thinks police misconduct occurred.

BYLINE: Terry Collins, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 395 words


The Minneapolis police chief would have to decide within 30 days whether to
discipline an officer cited for misconduct by a citizens panel, under a proposed
ordinance approved Thursday by two City Council committees.

On Friday, the Star Tribune incorrectly reported that the chief would be
required to discipline an officer found responsible for misconduct by the
Civilian Review Authority. (CRA) That was one of the many ideas debated among
police, city officials and community leaders earlier this year.

Instead, the proposal approved Thursday leaves final authority with the chief on
whether to discipline officers, but requires the chief to respond to the CRA
within 30 days if the panel deems police misconduct occurred.

The proposal is seen as a concerted effort to improve the effectiveness of the
city's Civilian Review Authority, the group that handles allegations of police
misconduct.

The recommendation made by the council's public safety and regulatory services
committee and the health, energy and environment committee will now go before
the full City Council for a vote Oct. 20.

The ordinance would require that the chief put in writing whether the officer
has been disciplined and, if not, explain why. If a decision not to discipline
an officer is reached, the chief or a high-ranking official may have to appear
before the CRA board in a closed meeting. The chief can also ask for a 30-day
extension before making a decision.

The chief can also write to the CRA asking to reconsider its finding of
misconduct within 15 days of receiving the case; if so, the chief or a
high-ranking official must appear before the CRA board to argue the case.

Council Member Betsy Hodges, who wrote the proposal, said Friday it strengthens
the CRA and the proposal has the support of her colleagues and interim chief Tim
Dolan, who is seeking the position permanently.

Assistant Chief Sharon Lubinski said Friday that it is crucial that the final
disciplinary action remains "on the chief's shoulders."

But Jim Michels, a lawyer for the Minneapolis Police Federation, said Friday
that it's likely the union will file a lawsuit if the City Council approves the
ordinance in its present form.

Michels said the ordinance violates the police union's collective bargaining
agreement as well as the city charter, both of which give full authority to the
chief.

Terry Collins - 612-673-1790

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                November 24, 1996, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Army rape numbers disputed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 562 words


   BALTIMORE - The number of female soldiers who say they were victims of rape
or other sexual misconduct at Aberdeen Proving Ground reportedly is twice the
number the U.S. Army has publicly acknowledged.

Army officials at Aberdeen have reported 17 victims of rape or other sexual
misconduct, but the number has risen to 34, The Baltimore Sun reported
yesterday, citing congressional and military sources.

A telephone hot-line set up to take complaints about sexual misconduct had
fielded more than 5,300 calls. Of those, 714 were considered worthy of further
investigation, the army said.

Rescuers search in vain at Puerto Rico ruins

SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico - Searchers found no signs of life yesterday as they dug
out more human remains from the rubble of a building explosion that killed at
least 22 people.

Rescue workers aided by sophisticated listening devices and dogs trained to
sniff out survivors searched for some 10 people believed buried.

Radiation wrongdoing alleged in Britain

LONDON - Britain has been carrying out radiation experiments on people for
nearly 40 years without properly explaining the risks, according to the Campaign
for Nuclear Disarmament. Britain's leading anti-nuclear pressure group said the
tests involved volunteers inhaling, eating or being injected with radioactive
substances.

The defence ministry confirmed that human radiation experiments had been
conducted starting in the 1950s, but said all had been "subject to proper
medical safeguards and with the full knowledge of the persons concerned."

Muslims rebury 224 in Bosnian village

BILJANI, Bosnia-Herzegovina - About 10,000 Muslims yesterday reburied the bodies
of 224 of their war dead at a sombre ceremony in the destroyed village of
Biljani. The Bosnian government alleges the victims were massacred by Serb
forces.

Sinn Fein seeks answer from British on peace

BELFAST, Northern Ireland - The Irish Republican Army's political wing stepped
up demands yesterday for Britain to reply to Northern Irish peace feelers,
saying London held the key to lasting calm.

Senior official Martin McGuinness said Sinn Fein would "move heaven and earth"
to get an IRA ceasefire if Britain agreed to a new formula to break a political
stalemate.

200,000 protest Spanish pay freeze

MADRID, Spain - Tens of thousands of people marched through central Madrid
yesterday in protest at a public sector pay freeze included in the conservative
government's strict 1997 budget. Union leaders said more than 200,000 people
took part in the rally, and called for a general strike to force the government
into talks.

Smoke forces ValuJet plane to turn around

ORLANDO, Fla. - A ValuJet plane returned to Orlando International Airport for an
emergency landing yesterday, and a television station reported the pilot blamed
smoke in the cockpit. No one was injured.

In May, ValuJet Flight 592 was flying from Miami to Atlanta when it crashed in
the Everglades after the pilot reported smoke in the aircraft. All 110 people
aboard were killed.

Mother Teresa says she wants to go home

CALCUTTA, India - Mother Teresa, recovering from heart trouble in a Calcutta
nursing home, told doctors yesterday she wants to go home. The 86-year-old Roman
Catholic missionary was taken to hospital with an irregular heart beat Friday.

From The Star's wire services.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     September 22, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

NHL NOTEBOOK LEAF PROSPECT TO REVIEW HEART TEST RESULTS

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 445 words


Leaf prospect Luca Cereda is expected to meet this morning with
 team doctor Michael Clarfield to review tests that revealed a
 heart murmur.

 Cereda has been off the ice since Wednesday and is on the injured list. When he
is cleared to play again, the Leafs will decide whether to send him to his
junior team, the Ottawa 67's, or their AHL farm team in St. John's.

BLAKE BALKS: L.A. Kings defenceman Rob Blake has relinquished his captaincy.
 Blake, 31, is scheduled to become an unrestricted free agent
 after the 2000-01 season. Contract talks with the Kings have
 become antagonistic. Blake has rejected what Kings GM Dave Taylor
 called a "lucrative contract extension." TSN reported it was a
 five-year, take-it-or-leave-it deal for $6 million (U.S.) per
 season. Blake made $5,267,500 last season.

 IT'S OFFICIAL: Ex-Leafs executive Mike Smith will be announced as GM of the
 Chicago Blackhawks today, six months after he took over as the
 team's director of hockey operations.

 KEEFE SIGNS: Sheldon Keefe, 20, last season's OHL scoring leader, signed a
 three-year deal with the Tampa Bay Lightning yesterday. Keefe, a
 second-rounder in the 1999 draft, had 48 goals and 73 assists in
 66 games last season for the Barrie Colts.

 KNUTSEN HURT: Columbus centre Espen Knutsen will be out three to four weeks
 with a broken finger suffered during the first period of the Blue
 Jackets 5-2 exhibition win over Detroit on Wednesday. He was
 acquired from Anaheim on May 25 for a fourth-round draft pick.

 DWYER SUSPENDED: Tampa Bay left winger Gordie Dwyer has been suspended
 indefinitely, pending a hearing, by the NHL for his fight with
 Washington's Joe Reekie in a pre-season game Sept. 19. Dwyer got
 charging and roughing minors, a 10-minute misconduct and two game
 misconducts. Reekie received a 10-minute misconduct and a game
 misconduct. No date for the hearing has been set.

 TV BECKONS: Ex-NHL forward Ed Olczyk has been hired as a TV broadcaster for
 the Pittsburgh Penguins. Olczyk will join Mike Lange in the
 broadcast booth, replacing Peter Taglianetti, whose contract
 expired after last season. Olczyk also played for the Blackhawks,
 Leafs, Kings, Jets and Rangers during his 16 years in the NHL.

 ZERO GROWTH PROSPECT: After watching the NHL grow to 30 teams with this year's
addition
 of the Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets, commissioner
 Gary Bettman says the league is through with expanding - at least
 for now. "That's it," Bettman said yesterday. "There is no
 further expansion on the radar screen. We like where we are."

 FROM KEN CAMPBELL, STAR WIRES


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 5, 1996 Friday 1ST EDITION

Krupp nearly set; Lemieux must sit

BYLINE: Adrian Dater, Denver Post Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 522 words


The Colorado Avalanche likely will get one former NHL all-star back tomorrow,
but will lose the most valuable player of last year's Stanley Cup playoffs in
the process.

But, it's a good thing for the Avalanche that Conn Smythe winner Claude Lemieux
won't be out nearly as long as Krupp was.

Krupp, out since opening night with torn knee ligaments, is expected to make his
return to the Avs lineup tomorrow against the San Jose Sharks. After yesterday's
practice at McNichols Sports Arena, Krupp said his returning "looks good" for
tomorrow.

Krupp, 6-foot-6 and 235 pounds, has practiced at full speed in the past two
weeks, and looked none the worse for wear.

But one teammate who won't be on the ice with Krupp is Lemieux. The veteran
right wing was suspended by the NHL for one game because of his second game-
misconduct penalty relating to a high-sticking infraction Wednesday night
against St. Louis.

Under rule 29 (f), any player who receives two game-misconduct penalties in the
same year because of a stick-related infraction will be suspended for one game.

Lemieux, who received a game misconduct because of a high-stick Feb. 9 against
Hartford, was given a five-minute major penalty for high-sticking the Blues'
Craig MacTavish.

Lemieux argued the call with referee Paul Stewart, and was given an additional
two minutes and the game-misconduct.

Yesterday, Lemieux was still debating the merits of Stewart's decision.

"I wish I could appeal it, because there is no doubt in my mind that there was
no (grounds) for a five-minute major," Lemieux said. "If that's a five-minute
major, then we're going to see 10 or 20 every game. It wasn't intentional. I was
trying to get his stick, and it should have been, maximum, a four-minute
double-minor for high-sticking. But nothing surprises with some of the calls,
and you've got to go by it."

Lemieux drew blood from MacTavish's face with the blade of his stick, which
usually draws an automatic five minutes.

But Lemieux maintained he was just trying to lift MacTavish's stick, nothing
more.

Lemieux, who has 38 goals this season, isn't happy at having to miss the game
for more reasons than losing a game's pay from his $ 1.3 million salary.

"You don't want to miss any games this time of the year, especially coming off
the long break that we had," Lemieux said. "But there's nothing I can do at this
time but to go on, practice hard and get ready for Sunday (at Dallas)."

No more funny bounces

The kinds of goals resulting from weird bounces off the Plexiglas at McNichols
Sports Arena this year should soon be a thing of the past.

New glass has been ordered for the arena, and should be installed by the first
round of the playoffs, which likely will begin April 16 at Big Mac.

Two goals, one by each team, resulted after the puck took strange bounces in
Wednesday's game against St. Louis.

"Thank god we're going to get rid of this glass in a week or so," Lemieux said.
"Obviously, it's even for both sides, but it should be an advantage for the home
team when you know the boards in your rink, and we don't know from game to game
what to expect."


LOAD-DATE: April 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Out: Lemieux In: Krupp

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      March 24, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

Hospital accuses Church of deception

SOURCE: The Hartford Courant

BYLINE: Eric Rich and Elizabeth Hamilton

SECTION: News; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 452 words

A nationally renowned psychiatric hospital that for years has treated clergy
accused of sexual misconduct now says it was deceived by the Roman Catholic
Church into providing reports that the church used to keep abusive priests in
the ministry.

The church sometimes concealed information about past complaints against clergy
sent for treatment, and disregarded warnings that the hospital's evaluations
about a priest's fitness for parish work, doctors at Hartford's Institute of
Living said in interviews.

As a result, the institute unwittingly might have provided the clinical cover
cited by New York Edward M. Cardinal Egan and other church officials as their
reason for not suspending some accused priests, including defrocked John Geoghan
in Boston, accused of molesting more than 130 people.

"In some cases, necessary and pertinent information related to prior sexual
misconduct has been withheld from us," said Dr. Harold I. Schwartz, the
institute's chief of psychiatry. "In some cases, it would appear that our
evaluations have been misconstrued in order to return priests to ministry."

The institute has decided to require that the church attest, in writing, that it
has disclosed any past allegations against priests referred for treatment.

That the Institute of Living would make such accusations about the Roman
Catholic Church is extraordinary.

As one of the first major psychiatric hospitals to introduce concepts of
spirituality to the treatment of clergy, the Institute became unusually close to
the church. Scores of priests from all over the country have been treated there,
priests have worked for the institute, and one of its doctors was knighted by
Pope Pius XII in 1951.

The institute's criticisms of the church underscore the depth of unease among
doctors, as it becomes apparent that various diocesan officials have invoked
their evaluations as the reason for allowing abusive priests to continue
working.

Just yesterday, in his annual pastoral letter, Cardinal Egan again cited the
institute in defending his handling of sex-abuse cases during his tenure as
bishop of the Bridgeport, Connecticut, diocese. He said it was his policy to
send priests facing allegations "immediately to one of the most prominent
psychiatric institutions in the nation for evaluation."

"If the conclusions were favorable, he was returned to ministry, in some cases
with restrictions, so as to be doubly careful," Cardinal Egan said. "If they
were not favorable, he was not allowed to function as a priest."

But Leslie Lothstein, the institute's director of psychology, said that the
church frequently ignored doctors' advice when deciding whether to return
abusive priests to work.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Lawyers for inmate accused in Nanticoke correctional officer's slaying say
government hasn't turned over prison staff misconduct records

BYLINE: Roger DuPuis, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 850 words


April 01--Attorneys for Jessie Con-Ui, the federal inmate accused of killing a
corrections officer from Nanticoke, are still at odds with prosecutors over the
release of records needed to prepare his defense.

Chief among those documents, defense attorneys argued in federal paperwork filed
Tuesday, are records concerning staff misconduct at the Canaan Federal
Correction Complex near Waymart, where victim Eric Williams worked.

The attorneys' filing also included a confidential report, prepared by a defense
investigator, containing allegations of staff misconduct made by more than 40
inmates, including physical, verbal and emotional abuse.

Con-Ui, who faces the death penalty, stands accused of killing Williams, 34, in
a premeditated February 2013 attack. According to the indictment, Con-Ui stabbed
Williams with a sharpened weapon and struck him repeatedly.

Tuesday's filing was submitted by defense attorneys Mark Fleming of San Diego,
California, James Swetz of Stroudsburg and David Ruhnke of Montclair, New
Jersey.

Con-Ui's lawyers say he "must be allowed to investigate the incidents of staff
misconduct at USP Caanan to determine whether the prevalence of misconduct
fomented an environment in which an otherwise quiet and respectful inmate might
lose control and lash out violently against a guard."

Con-Ui is a convicted murderer and drug dealer from Arizona.

According to an FBI report filed in the case, Con-Ui said "I am sick of all your
people's disrespect" as he was taken from his cell.

One of the lieutenants, according to a prisoner identified only as Inmate 34 in
the defense investigator's report, arrived at the scene of Williams' killing and
yelled, "I'm going to kill the mother [expletive] when I find out who did this."

Con-Ui has since been transferred to the U.S. Penitentiary in Florence,
Colorado, according to the Bureau of Prisons website.

Records battle

The lawyers pointed out that the government has argued against the release of
staff misconduct records, calling them "overbroad, irrelevant and immaterial,
and [are] not likely lead to information that would significantly" aid Con-Ui's
case.

The defense counters that statements from other Canaan inmates "provide
disturbingly similar accounts of widespread staff misconduct and mistreatment of
inmates," who describe "how the conditions created by the staff at USP Canaan
led to high levels of stress, fear and tension in C-Unit at the time of Officer
Williams' death."

They further suggest that such records could assist the court "in determining
whether the information may lead to evidence that, in a penalty phase, might
cause a juror to consider imposing a sentence less than death."

Defense attorneys also took aim at statements made by prosecutors during a March
5 conference call, in which they say the government replied that having to
produce five years' worth of staff misconduct records would create undue burden
for the Bureau of Prisons.

The lawyers argue that the government has been ordered to disclose similar
materials in other cases.

Other documents

Tuesday's filing also outlines the status of other requests made by the defense.
Among them:

-- Also unresolved, the defense says, is its request for any reports or notes
generated by the BOP regarding Williams' killing.

"The government insists that no after-action inquiry was conducted by the BOP
after Officer Williams was killed," the defense says, but notes that "this would
be a departure from the normal protocol following the death of a correctional
officer at the hands of an inmate."

"Minutes from a March 19, 2013 meeting with the warden of USP Canaan strongly
suggest that there was an investigation," the defense argues, and "that the
investigation resulted in over one hundred recommendations for changes at the
prison."

As evidence, of this, the lawyers add, the minutes confirm that "changes are
taking place because of what was submitted."

-- The defense says the government has refused to disclose a complete copy of
post-orders for C-Unit.

"The defense must examine the complete post-orders to determine when Officer
Williams last reported to the Control Center and whether the Control Center
followed the correct procedures," the lawyers wrote.

-- The government has not yet disclosed the C-Unit lieutenant logbook for six
months following Williams' death, the defense says.

-- The defense also wants the government to confirm whether any attempt was made
to videotape a meeting between Con-Ui and chaplain Ngozi Osuji at USP Allenwood
within days of the incident.

They also want all notes or emails which include any reference to the meeting,
adding that a March 1, 2013 memorandum prepared by USP Allenwood Warden Donna
Zickefoose directed conputer services to "retract an email from [Chaplain] Ngozi
Osuji from all In Boxes and Sent boxes" that pertained to Con-Ui.

See Thursday's Times Leader for more on this story.

Roger DuPuis may be reached at 570-991-6113 or on Twitter @rogerdupuis2.

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150401-WB-Lawyers-for-inmate-accused-in-Nanticoke-correctional-officer-s-slayi
ng-say-government-hasn-t-turned-over-prison-staff-misconduct
-records-0401-20150401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   December 31, 1994, Saturday, City Edition

Archdiocese sues insurance companies over sex cases

SOURCE: Compiled from news service reports

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; RELIGION DIGEST; Religion; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1266 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE; FORT WORTH, Texas



The Archdiocese of Milwaukee is suing 14 insurance companies that have  refused
to make payments in nine cases alleging sexual misconduct by priests.  The
insurance companies counter that the church hierarchy knew of the sexual
misconduct and failed to take appropriate action. That means the misconduct  was
intentional on the part of the diocese and not insured, they argue. The
lawsuit, filed last week, demands compensatory damages for settlements and
legal fees. It also seeks punitive damages for alleged breach of contract. The
lawsuit does not specify how much money the archdiocese believes it is owed.
The archdiocese has refused to disclose how much it has spent to settle or
defend itself against lawsuits alleging sexual misconduct by priests. No civil
case involving such priest misconduct has gone to trial locally. Some have  been
dismissed; secret settlements have been reached in others. The companies  named
in the lawsuits include British and American insurers.

Jurors can't be excluded

for religion, court rules

FORT WORTH, Texas - Potential jurors cannot be excluded because of their
religion, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals has ruled, pushing the issue
toward the U.S. Supreme Court. The decision threw into question a 1991 sexual
assault conviction, saying prosecutors wrongly excluded two prospective jurors
because they belonged to the Pentecostal religion. The court, the state's
highest criminal court, sent the case back to the 2nd Court of Appeals in Fort
Worth, saying it could determine whether there were other valid reasons for
barring the two individuals from jury service. The defendant, George Toby
Casarez, is serving a 12-year prison sentence in the rape of a 14-year-old
girl. Betty Marshall, who heads the appellate section in the district
attorney's office, said the case may end up at the U.S. Supreme Court because
the issue needs to be decided.

National council quits anti-censorship coalition

The National Council of Churches has quit the National Coalition Against
Censorship, saying the coalition failed to notify the church group it was  going
to court to support a Cincinnati bookstore facing controversial  obscenity
charges. If the council had been asked, an official said, it would  have opposed
the coalition's decision to back the bookstore. The issue came up  after the
coalition, a New York-based anti-censorship group that includes  organizations
such as the Museum of Modern Art, the American Association of  University Women
and the Whitney Museum of American Art, filed a  friend-of-the-court brief in
August on behalf of the Pink Pyramid Bookstore in  Cincinnati. Other members of
the 41-group anti-censorship organization include  the United Church of Christ
Office of Communication and United Methodist  Communications. The bookstore had
been charged with selling pornography for  renting the 1975 film Salo, or 120
Days of Sodom by Italian filmmaker Pier  Paolo Pasolini. The film reportedly
uses scenes of extreme violence and  explicit sexual conduct to portray the
treatment of a number of adolescents by  the last survivors of fascism. Although
the coalition, which argued on behalf  of the bookstore's right to sell and rent
the video, ultimately prevailed and  charges against the store were dismissed,
the question of the religious  groups' affiliation with the coalition were kept
alive by the American Family  Association. The Tupelo, Miss.-based association,
headed by the Rev. Donald  Wildmon, a Methodist minister, began a campaign
calling for religious groups  to quit the coalition.

Operation Rescue gains some clerical support

Operation Rescue has entered the ranks of the French clergy, and leading
bishops are divided over the morality of the fiercest foes of abortion, the
French daily Le Figaro reported. In recent weeks, a priest in the town of
Puy-en-Velay, an abbot at a monastery in Grenoble and a retired bishop in
Nantes have joined the ranks of Operation Rescue activists blocking entrances
to abortion clinics. Moreover, the archbishop of Paris, Cardinal Jean-Marie
Lustiger, has spoken out in support of Operation Rescue tactics. Commenting on
the case of the abbot from Grenoble, Gerard Calvet, Lustiger said blocking
clinic entrances was "a protest morally founded on correct conscience."

Britain's Major backs law requiring school prayer

Organized prayer in schools has become an issue in Britain, where Prime
Minister John Major has defended the law requiring schools to hold "broadly
Christian" daily religious assemblies. Major had been urged to relax the law.
Instead, he said "collective worship in non-denominational schools is  required
to be wholly or mainly of a broadly Christian character. We have no  plans to
change these legal requirements." Children whose parents object to  the
assemblies are not required to participate, and many teachers say the  British
law is impractical and often disregarded.

Anti-Semitic crimes increase in Germany

More anti-Semitic crimes were reported in Germany during the first nine months
of 1994 than in all of 1993, according to government figures released this
week. Some 937 crimes directed at Jewish people or property and committed by
neo-Nazi and other right-wing groups were reported by the German federal  police
agency BKA for the nine-month period. In all of 1993, 656 such  incidents were
reported. The crimes reported this year include the March  firebomb attack on a
Lubeck synagogue. It was the first attack on a synagogue  in Germany since the
World War II Nazi era. Forty-two of the incidents  involved vandalism of Jewish
cemeteries or monuments to the victims of the  Holocaust. In July, a group of
neo-Nazi skinheads ran through the Buchenwald  death camp memorial shouting
"Sieg Heil," the Nazi salute, and threatened to  burn a memorial supervisor to
death.

Groups challenge divorce seminars requirement

The American Jewish Congress and the Kentucky Civil Liberties Union have asked
the Kentucky Court of Appeals to end a requirement by judges in two counties  in
the state that divorcing parents attend a seminar operated by a Roman  Catholic
church agency. The two groups said that requiring attendance at the  "Parents
Are For Good" seminar, sponsored by Catholic Charities, violates  the
Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the Constitution. In their  suit,
the two groups said they did not oppose parents voluntarily attending  the
Catholic Charities seminar as a means of satisfying the local courts' rule  that
divorcing parents attend such programs. But, they said, the requirement  should
be ended until secular alternatives are available. It is  unconstitutional, they
said, to compel people to choose between getting a  divorce or attending a
program "sponsored, prepared and conducted exclusively  under sectarian
auspices."

Methodist officials

looking at five sites

Officials of the United Methodist Church's Board of Global Missions, with
headquarters in New York, are looking at five cities as a potential new home
for the agency. Denver, Atlanta, Dallas, Chicago and Washington, D.C., are
being considered as possible spots for relocating the agency and its 480
employees, according to board officials. The board, which oversees mission  work
in more than 100 nations, has a budget of $ 103-million.

-- Compiled from news service reports

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday
                                  City Edition

MOTHER IS APPEALING CONVICTION FOR ENABLING CHILD ABUSE IN DEATH OF 2-YEAR-OLD
DAUGHTER IN 2005 ;
Juror in Kelsey case denies misconduct

BYLINE: NOLAN CLAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 781 words

DATELINE: NEWKIRK


NEWKIRK - A juror Wednesday denied accusations of misconduct during a
high-profile 2007 child-abuse trial.

The juror, Brandi Oldham, 29, of Tulsa, told a judge she did not watch TV news
and did not do improper Internet research about the dead girl's case during the
eight-day trial in Bristow.

Oldham said her accuser blames her somewhat for getting fired in 2007 from the
home health care company where they both worked.

"He believes I had a part in it," she said.

The testimony came during a fact-finding hearing for Raye Dawn Smith, the mother
of Kelsey Smith-Briggs.

Smith, 30, of Meeker, is appealing her conviction for enabling child abuse.
Kelsey, 2, died from abuse in 2005. The mother is serving 27 years in prison.

Kay County District Judge D.W. Boyd heard testimony from a dozen witnesses
Wednesday on the jury misconduct issue. He will make a report next month to the
Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals.

The appeals court then will decide whether to uphold the conviction or give
Smith a new trial.

About 20 of Smith's supporters showed up for the four-hour hearing.

The misconduct accusations are being made by Smith's attorneys. Prosecutors said
the accusations are not true.

Lincoln County District Attorney Richard Smothermon told reporters after the
hearing, "I thought the evidence clearly showed that no jury misconduct
occurred. I thought it clearly showed it could not have occurred."

The juror's former supervisor, Todd Bowman, 35, of Sapulpa, testified Oldham
called him at least twice a day during the trial. He testified she admitted she
and other jurors watched news about the trial. He said she remarked reporters
didn't really know what was going on at the trial.

He said she also admitted that she had looked at a website about the case. He
testified she said information on the website was shocking.

He testified Oldham told him during the trial that Smith looked like trash and
should fry.

He said he wrote Smith's appellate attorney, Stephen Jones, on Nov. 16, 2007,
after his conscience got the better of him. He said Oldham had told him Smith's
attorneys were questioning the integrity of the jury. He said she had asked him
not to repeat what she had said during the trial.

He admitted to the district attorney that Nov. 16, 2007, is the same day he was
fired from the home health care company.

The juror, Oldham, admitted in her testimony that she called Bowman regularly
during the trial. But she said she called only because she was doing some
marketing work for their company on lunch breaks and was just checking in. She
said she also discussed with him the trial schedule.

"They were very work-specific conversations," she said.

Oldham then lived with her parents. Supporting her testimony were her father and
other jurors.

Her father, a computer technician, testified Wednesday she did not watch the
news during the trial and only got on the computer at home to check e-mails.

He said he monitored the family's Internet usage because he worried about
Internet viruses damaging the computer.

He said he asked her one day how it was going, and she replied, "Dad, you know I
can't talk about it."

Six jurors testified Wednesday that Oldham never brought up any information from
TV news or the Internet during the trial.

Contradicting the accuser's testimony was evidence that Kelsey's Purpose, the
main website devoted to Kelsey's case, had been basically shut down during the
trial. Kelsey's grandmother, Kathie Briggs, said the family closed down the
website at the request of prosecutors until after the verdict.

No one was convicted of murder in case

Kelsey died on Oct. 11, 2005, at her home near Meeker. The death was ruled a
homicide, but no one was convicted of murder in her case.

Kelsey's stepfather, Michael Lee Porter, was charged with first-degree murder
and child sexual abuse but pleaded guilty to enabling child abuse. He is serving
a 30-year prison sentence. He blamed Smith for her death.

The mother was never charged with murder. Jurors on July 18, 2007, found her
guilty of enabling child abuse and compromised on her punishment. Some wanted
more time and some wanted less, one juror said afterward.

Smith blamed Porter for Kelsey's death.

The tragedy exposed serious flaws in how the state protects children because, at
the time of Kelsey's death, both the state Department of Human Services and a
judge were overseeing her care because of abuse allegations.

During 2005, Kelsey suffered repeated injuries, including two broken legs and a
broken collarbone, and was taken from her mother for a time. Her death came four
months after the state judge returned Kelsey to her mother, despite accusations
the mother was the abuser.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Raye Dawn Smith, mother of Kelsey Smith-Briggs, is escorted
Wednesday into the Kay County Courthouse for a hearing on juror misconduct
accusations. - PHOTO BY DAVID MCDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: Kelsey-Smith Briggs
The 2-year-old died from abuse in 2005.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Misconduct at TSA a concern for all who fly

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 490 words

ABSTRACT

Opinion page planning package

FULL TEXT

Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

Of particular concern in the 29-page report is that the instances of misconduct
have grown at an alarming rate in the last six years, even after a watchdog
investigation revealed substantial misconduct.

For example, the report noted that in December a federal grand jury charged a
TSA officer at Oakland International Airport with using her position to
facilitate drug smuggling through the security checkpoint. The officer allegedly
helped smuggle more than 100 kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period.

The report notes this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because
everywhere is where we all fly.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures."

Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity
and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending government
money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a
checkpoint without questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually be safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           March 10, 1993, Wednesday

NATION IN BRIEF Archbishop accused of sexual misconduct

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 9

LENGTH: 764 words


Less than three years after Atlanta's Roman Catholic archbishop was forced to
resign in a sex scandal, another leading church official has been accused of
"sexual misconduct" by at least three women parishioners and might be forced to
resign. The latest charges involve the Rev. Robert F. Sanchez, Catholic
archbishop of Santa Fe, N.M. The Rev. Ron Wolf, chancellor of the Santa Fe
Archdiocese, acknowledged the charges Monday in a television interview.

Asked in the interview with KOAT-TV in Albuquerque if Archbishop Sanchez's
future is in "jeopardy," the Rev. Wolf replied that "in terms of ministry, in
terms of functioning as archbishop," it may be "problematic."

Any sexual involvement by the archbishop would violate the church's requirement
that its all-male clergy remain celibate after ordination.

A highly popular figure in his archdiocese, Archbishop Sanchez is the first
Hispanic ever appointed to head an archdiocese in the United States.

Should he decide to resign, Archbishop Sanchez would be the second American
archbishop to do so in the past three years as the result of a sex scandal. On
July 10, 1990, Archbishop Eugene A. Marino resigned after a two-year tenure as
head of the Atlanta Archdiocese after he was romantically linked with Vicki
Long, then a 27-year-old former hospital worker and aspiring singer.

ACCIDENTS

- HIGHWAY TRAGEDY: A school bus carrying elementary school pupils collided with
a tractor-trailer rig, killing one youngster and the truck's driver. At least 16
people were injured. The accident occurred on a state highway in Fairchance,
Pa., near the West Virginia line. The pupils were on their way to Smithfield
Elementary School in the Albert Gallatin school district. Truck driver Rickie
Lee Walters, 39, of Charlotte, N.C., was pronounced dead at the scene, the
Fayette County coroner's office said. A passenger in the truck was in critical
condition. Bus passenger Bradley Shaneyfelt, 8, died at Children's Hospital of
Pittsburgh, said Mike Chichwak, a deputy Allegheny County coroner.

CRIME

- NEW INDICTMENT SOUGHT: Federal prosecutors said they will seek a new
indictment in the BCCI bank scandal. They will allege that a conspiracy by
former Defense Secretary Clark Clifford and his law partner to defraud
regulators began earlier than previously stated. Lawrence Urgenson, a deputy
assistant attorney general heading the federal prosecution, said the proposed
indictment would allege that a conspiracy to mask the Bank of Credit and
Commerce International's control of First American Bankshares Inc. began in the
late 1970s instead of 1985. Mr. Urgenson told U.S. District Judge Joyce Hens
Green in Washington that he hopes a grand jury will deliver the proposed
indictment around April 15. Mr. Clifford and his law partner, Robert A. Altman,
are scheduled to go on trial on the federal charges in Judge Green's court June
1. -ANTI-WAR PROTESTERS: A small group of people, including Nobel Prize
economics winner Milton Friedman and Baltimore Mayor Kurt Schmoke, called for an
end to the government's war on drugs. Drug abuse is a medical and social problem
and should be treated with medical and social solutions, not ever-increasing
police enforcement of criminal penalties, said a statement the group released in
San Jose, Calif. The group is urging President Clinton and Congress to form a
commission to study and propose revisions to the nation's drug laws. It did not
call for legalization of drugs. Joseph McNamara, former San Jose police chief
and now a research fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University, said
"there is a window of opportunity" now that a new administration has taken over.
He was among the statement's signatories.

GUNS

- ASSAULT GUN BAN MAY STAND: The drive to repeal New Jersey's ban on
semiautomatic firearms seems to be dead now that the state Senate's president
says he won't support it. On Monday, Donald DiFrancesco became the sixth GOP
senator to say he would oppose an effort to override Gov. Jim Florio's veto of a
bill removing the ban. The override passed the state Assembly last month.
Republicans control 27 of 40 votes in the Senate. But they need all 27, or the
support of some Democrats, to pass a veto override. With six members opposing
the bill, and only a couple of Democrats expected to join the override effort,
Republicans probably don't have enough support. The National Rifle Association
donated $ 270,000 to legislative campaigns in 1991, when the GOP won seemingly
veto-proof majorities and promised to repeal the law.

-From our news services

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930760126

GRAPHIC: Photo: The wreckage of a school bus and tractor-trailer sit near the
site where they crashed Monday in Fairchance, Pa., killing a student and the
rig's driver./ Associated Press

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Court affirms New London man's right to sue city

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


Oct. 31--NEW LONDON -- Daniel Golodner has won and lost legal battles against
the city and its police department.

The 53-year-old Colman Street resident collected $50,000 last year to settle a
federal lawsuit claiming police misconduct during an arrest in 2009. But in
2012, Golodner went to prison for four months after being convicted of
interfering with an officer and reckless endangerment in a 2008 incident.

This week, Golodner and his attorney, John R. Williams of New Haven, are
claiming a victory.

On Monday, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals upheld U.S. District Judge Stefan
R. Underhill's decision that the city is not immune from a federal lawsuit in
which Golodner, a security contractor, claims New London stopped doing business
with him in retaliation for suing the city for police misconduct. The police
misconduct lawsuit was ultimately dismissed.

"It's a pretty important decision in the area of First Amendment law," Williams
said. "It strengthens the proposition that government agencies cannot retaliate
against people who exercise free speech rights. It clarifies the breadth of free
speech rights at a time when some courts have been cutting back on them."

Underhill had denied a motion for summary judgment in which the city claimed it
was immune from the lawsuit because Golodner's police misconduct claim did not
involve a matter of public concern and was not protected by the First Amendment.
The City appealed the decision to the Second Circuit court, where Judges
Christopher F. Droney, Peter W. Hall and Chester J. Straub affirmed Underhill's
ruling in an Oct. 27 decision.

"We are convinced that Golodner raised issues that extend well beyond mere
personal grievances and into the realm of public concern," the decision, which
was written by Hall, reads. The court noted it is not taking a position on
whether Golodner will be able to substantiate his claims and that the city may
be entitled to immunity at a later stage.

Golodner, whose company Security Technology Systems maintained the city's alarm
system, was notified in November 2009 that the city had awarded the contract to
another provider, Integrated Security Systems, in part because it had submitted
the lowest bid, according to the appeal court decision. Golodner filed the
lawsuit, claiming retaliation in violation of the First Amendment, in April
2010.

He said in a phone conversation Friday that he is claiming lost income of
$100,000 plus additional damages for bad publicity that "devastated" his
company.

"We can show a lot of malice," he said.

Attorney Michael J. Rose of Hartford, who represents the city, described the
Second Circuit ruling as a straightforward decision on the immunity question and
said it means, simply, that the case will go to trial.

"The city looks forward to defending its actions at trial," Rose said.

k.florin@theday.com

Twitter: @KFLORIN

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141031-NL-Court-affirms-New-London-man-s-right-to-sue-city-1031-20141031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            October 21, 2007 Sunday

SANTA FE MOLESTATION CASE PROMPTS CHANGES

BYLINE: DEBORAH BAKER THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1144 words


Changes: New state law doesn't allow confidentiality agreements

Sexual misconduct by teachers in New Mexico is costly, not just to taxpayers but
also to its young victims.

Ask Terry Pearson, an ex-cop and ex-magistrate whose granddaughter was molested
in first grade by a substitute teacher.

"It can be devastating. There's no other word for it. It takes your whole world
and it turns it upside down," said the Farmington man.

Over the past decade, at least $8.6 million has been paid out for sexual
misconduct claims in 20 of New Mexico's 89 school districts.

And there's more in the pipeline. The New Mexico Public Schools Insurance
Authority, which covers every school district but Albuquerque, accounts for $8.1
million of those payouts. But NMPSIA estimates that figure could grow to as much
as $14 million, once pending cases are settled.

Albuquerque Public Schools has paid out about $550,000 over the past decade,
according to an estimate from its Risk Management Department, which couldn't
provide more precise numbers because of a recent switch in computer systems.

And recent incidents -- such as an Albuquerque former substitute teacher accused
of videotaping up the skirt of an elementary-school student -- could lead to yet
more claims. Two parents have filed a civil lawsuit against the district.

"If you're a predator, you want to go where there's prey, meaning schools," said
Santa Fe psychologist Ned Siegel, who evaluates sex offenders and testifies in
court.

Across the country, sexual misconduct allegations led states to take action
against the licenses of 2,570 educators from 2001-05. That includes licenses
that were revoked, denied and surrendered.

In New Mexico, 14 of the 55 actions against educators' licenses during that
period involved allegations of sexual misconduct, according to the Public
Education Department.

The figures were gathered as part of a seven-month investigation in which AP
reporters sought records on teacher discipline in all 50 states and the District
of Columbia.

New Mexico's problems have been worsened by a disconnect between school
districts and state officials. Districts until recently were not explicitly
required to tell the Public Education Department about teacher misconduct,
according to Education Secretary Veronica Garcia.

Moreover, some districts signed confidentiality agreements with problem
teachers, allowing them to move on to other districts without disclosure of
their misdeeds.

"It's referred to as 'passing the trash,' " said Sammy Quintana, executive
director of NMPSIA, which is required by law to defend such teachers in civil
cases.

A law that took effect June 15 attempts to plug those loopholes. Districts must
investigate alleged misconduct by school workers who are fired or quit, and then
report to the Public Education Department, which can suspend or revoke licenses.
Confidentiality agreements are out.

The department also has stopped its longtime practice of waiting until after
criminal convictions to revoke licenses. Now, it's yanking them sooner.

"We've been a lot more aggressive about that and changed our practice," Garcia
said.

NMPSIA also trains school workers about what conduct is appropriate and how to
spot molesters, and encourages them to report possible problems with their
colleagues.

That's a difficult hurdle, said Julie Garcia of Poms & Associates, NMPSIA's
insurance broker.

"Knowing what's inappropriate and then looking at somebody you think you know
pretty well and saying, 'Whoa, there's something wrong with that person' -- it's
a hard leap," said Garcia, who conducts training sessions for school personnel.

New Mexico's problems were highlighted by the case of Ernest Dominguez, who was
investigated -- but never criminally charged -- in Tucumcari in the late 1990s
for allegedly molesting boys, then moved on to school districts in Española and
Santa Fe.

He has been indicted for allegedly molesting four boys in a Santa Fe
elementary-school classroom in 2001 and 2002, when they were in fifth and sixth
grades.

"I was outraged. É Here we are putting all these kids at risk, and we know he's
alleged to have done this before," said Deputy District Attorney Shari
Weinstein, whose Santa Fe office is prosecuting Dominguez.

At least four federal lawsuits have been filed against school officials and
Dominguez, whose teaching license wasn't revoked until 2006.

Three of the claims -- on behalf of two boys in Tucumcari and three boys in
Santa Fe -- have been settled for a total of about $1.9 million, according to
federal court records. A fourth is pending.

The criminal case, meanwhile, has been sidetracked by legal battles in a state
appellate court.

At issue is whether the Tucumcari history can be introduced into his trial --
the Court of Appeals said no -- and whether a state district judge was right to
whittle down the number of counts against him. That matter is pending.

Dominguez's lawyer, Tom Clark, who is handling the case for the public defender
department, maintains his client is innocent and "a victim of mass hysteria
regarding molestation in the schools."

Dominguez has Marfan syndrome, a connective tissue disease that gives him an odd
appearance -- he's tall and gaunt -- and odd mannerisms, making him an easy
target to pick on, Clark contends.

Among the costliest New Mexico cases was a federal jury's $3.2 million verdict
in 2005 in a lawsuit against the Farmington school district and a former
substitute teacher. The award was eventually negotiated down to $2.65 million.

Authorities accused Arthur Brokop, then 21, of fondling three first-grade girls
on his lap in 2002 after dimming the classroom lights for a video.

In a plea agreement, Brokop -- whose substitute license expired at about the
same time -- pleaded guilty to two counts of criminal sexual contact of a minor
and went to prison.

All three girls sued; two of the cases were settled for about $300,000 apiece,
according to federal court records, and the third went to trial, resulting in
the large verdict.

Pearson said his granddaughter -- whose case was settled -- suffered when her
friends, and even her teachers, treated her differently after she told on
Brokop.

And although there was no trial, the publicity about the case, the numerous
interviews with police and lawyers, and the questioning from friends was tough
on the little girl, he said.

Her parents have since divorced. Like other young victims, she developed an
inappropriately early interest in anything sexual, he also said.

"I've got a 12-year-old granddaughter that might as well be 40. É She wasn't
allowed to grow up the way she should have, and it's not her fault," Pearson
said.

Last year, after Brokop's release from prison, Pearson picketed a doughnut shop
where Brokop was working, which he objected was too near an elementary school.

Pearson said it was "my way of doing my part. ... Something is better than
nothing."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The New Mexican


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

On Wave of Voter Unrest, Democrats Take Control of House

BYLINE: By CARL HULSE

SECTION: Section P; Column 1; National Desk; THE 2006 ELECTIONS: THE HOUSE; Pg.
2

LENGTH: 1104 words


Democrats rode voter unrest over Congressional misconduct and the war in Iraq
back to power in the House on Tuesday night, ending 12 years of Republican rule
by persuading voters it was time to change course in Washington.

Led by a string of victories in the Northeast and Midwest, Democrats gained at
least 21 seats, 6 more than the 15 required to install Representative Nancy
Pelosi of California as the first woman to become speaker of the House. Assuming
they hold on to enough of their incumbent seats elsewhere, Democrats will hold
the House majority for the first time since 1994.

''Today, the American people have stated loud and clear that they want a new
direction for our country,'' said an ebullient Representative Louise M.
Slaughter, Democrat of New York, who is in line to become the chairwoman of the
House Rules Committee in the new Democratic regime.

Republicans were dogged by scandal throughout the campaign, and it cost them
dearly. They lost seats in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas and Florida as the direct
result of criminal cases and other misconduct. Exit polls showed that corruption
weighed heavily on the minds of voters.

But public dissatisfaction with the Iraq war and other issues was clear. Three
Republican incumbents were defeated in conservative Indiana and another in
Kentucky. Two moderate Republicans were ousted in New Hampshire and at least one
more in Connecticut. New York, with Democrats leading the top of the ticket,
gave the party at least two more seats. Democratic gains mounted as votes were
counted in the West.

The White House acknowledged that the once overwhelming Republican majority in
the House had slipped away.

''We believe Democrats will have control of the House and look forward to
working with Democratic leaders on the issues that remain foremost on the
agenda, including winning the war in Iraq and the broader war on terror and
keeping the economy on a growth path,'' said Tony Snow, the White House
spokesman.

Ms. Pelosi told an enthusiastic crowd in Washington that her resurgent majority
was prepared to work with Republicans ''in partnership and not in
partisanship,'' hoping to break the gridlock of what could be a divided
Congress.

''The campaign is over -- Democrats are ready to lead,'' she said. ''Today we
have made history -- now let us make progress.''

Speaker J. Dennis Hastert of Illinois, who was expected to retire should
Republicans slip into the minority, was not ready to concede, though he said,
''We've watched some of the House races, especially in the East -- been kind of
tough out there.''

The Republican setback will likely spur leadership fights beginning Wednesday as
ambitious lawmakers in both parties try to find their way in the reshaped House.

Democratic control of the House will begin a new era in Washington, giving the
party the votes to install its members as committee leaders and initiate more
aggressive oversight of the Bush administration. Democrats have complained for
years that Republicans have ignored their responsibility as an independent
branch of government to police the executive branch.

The party has also promised a legislative agenda that starts with an increase in
the minimum wage and giving the government the power to negotiate for lower drug
prices for Medicare. But with control of the Senate uncertain and the margin so
close, it is unlikely the new Democratic majority will have a free hand.

In Indiana, three Republican incumbents who were top targets of the Democrats --
John Hostettler, Chris Chocola, and Mike Sodrel -- lost.

In Connecticut, Chris Murphy, a Democrat, was declared the winner in a race
against Representative Nancy Johnson, a moderate Republican.

And in Kentucky, another Republican Representative, Anne M. Northup, a veteran
lawmaker who had withstood strong challenges in the past, lost narrowly to her
Democratic opponent, John Yarmuth, a former Republican political candidate and
publisher of an alternative newspaper in Louisville. Democrats had not counted
on beating Ms. Northup in making their calculation for a House takeover.

In Georgia, in fact, two Democratic incumbents, John Barrow and Jim Marshall,
were in tight races of their own, though they were among only a few party
lawmakers who were considered in danger of defeat.

Republicans had known for months that they faced a volatile political
environment, but they believed they could stem serious losses because many of
the lawmakers most in jeopardy were in Republican-friendly districts and the
party had the benefit of a powerful turnout operation.

They were also counting on the fact that House races traditionally turn on local
issues rather than the national political picture. But a national exit poll
indicated that most voters in House races were viewing this crucial midterm
through the prism of national concerns. In another sign of struggle for the
Republicans, voters also rated corruption as one of their major considerations.

The seeds for the Republicans' precarious position in the House were planted in
the early days of the 109th Congress in January 2005, when House leaders found
themselves in a clash with Democrats over charges of corruption and their
iron-fisted management of the chamber. Over the next two years, the Republicans
were plagued by a series of lobbying and personal scandals, internal disputes
over spending, and an uncertain new leadership.

At the pinnacle of the chamber's turmoil was Tom DeLay, the former Republican
leader and key architect of the party's control over the House, who was indicted
in Texas on a campaign finance law charge and faced an ethics inquiry in
Congress. Angry over a series of rebukes by the ethics committee to Mr. DeLay,
Speaker J. Dennis Hastert forced through a series of changes that Democrats and
watchdogs saw as a campaign to weaken internal policing. Democrats balked,
setting the angry and combative tone for the session.

At the same time, the influence-peddling scandal tied to the lobbyist Jack
Abramoff continued to simmer and other scandals, notably a bribery case that led
to the conviction of former Representative Randy Cunningham, Republican of
California, provided substance for the Democratic charge that the Republican-led
House had lost its ethical bearings.

As they left for the campaign trail at the end of September, Republicans found
themselves where they began, contending with the toxic fall-out of former
Representative Mark Foley sexually suggestive messages to male teenage pages,
throwing the party badly off message and providing a last straw for voters
already upset with the majority.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: IN FLORIDA -- Joe Negron, the Republican candidate to replace
former Representative Mark Foley, conceded yesterday in Hutchinson Island to Tim
Mahoney, the Democrat. (Photo by John Loomis for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 15, 2009 Thursday

Prosecutors do not contest ruling overturning former Brocade CEO's backdating
convictions

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz hmintz@mercurynews.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; San Jose - Valley; Crime; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 291 words


Federal prosecutors on Thursday declined to further appeal an August ruling
setting aside former Brocade Communications chief Gregory Reyes' conviction for
illegally backdating stock options, although they did ask an appeals court to
"strike" its finding that prosecutors deliberately misled jurors in the 2007
trial.

In a brief filed with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, the U.S. Attorney's
Office argued that a three-judge panel wrongly, and unfairly, accused
prosecutors of deliberate misconduct in Reyes' trial. Among other things,
prosecutors noted that the trial judge specifically rejected the same
conclusions.

"A finding of deliberate misconduct is particularly striking, and unfounded,
where the district court, who had lived with the case and its lawyers for
months, found no misconduct at all," government lawyers wrote.

At the same time, prosecutors told the 9th Circuit they were not asking for
reconsideration of the overall decision ordering a new trial for Reyes. As a
result, prosecutors can either retry Reyes on the backdating charges, or drop
the case.

The 9th Circuit in August set aside Reyes' conviction on 10 counts of illegally
backdating stock options at Brocade, in the process wiping out a 21-month prison
sentence and $15 million fine.

Both were put on hold pending the appeal.

Reyes was the federal government's signature target for criminal prosecution
arising out of Silicon Valley's stock options backdating scandal.

The appeals court overturned the convictions, finding that prosecutors misled
jurors by suggesting Reyes kept Brocade's finance executives in the dark about
rigging options when in fact those same executives told investigators they were
aware of the practice.

Contact Howard Mintz at 408-286-0236.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               February 27, 2006

MA Appeals Court rules lawyers' misconduct bars recovery of fees in separate
case

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 269  words


A suspended attorney is barred from recovering fees from his client in a
wrongful termination case where his misconduct while representing the same
client in a prior personal injury action hurt the client's interests in the
later case, the Massachusetts Appeals Court has ruled.

In a personal injury suit arising out of an automobile fire, the attorney made
deliberate misstatements regarding his client's employment and lost wages
allegedly resulting from the fire. For this misconduct, the attorney was
suspended for two years. Although the suspension arose out of his conduct in the
automobile case, his unethical conduct was found to be related to, and to have
had an adverse impact upon, the client's subsequent wrongful discharge case.

After replacement counsel settled that case, the attorney attempted to enforce
his attorney's lien and recover the fees he had earned. A judge denied this
request.

The appellate court agreed, holding that "an attorney forfeits his right to his
charging lien ... by virtue of being suspended from the practice of law ... for
unethical conduct in a separate litigation when that misconduct was related to,
and arguably caused harm to, his client's interests in the case in which the
lien is sought to be enforced. "

The court emphasized that the unethical conduct in this instance "was related
to, and, indeed, directly affected, the case in which the attorney is attempting
to collect fees under the lien. "

Kourouvacilis v. American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees
(Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9932628) Massachusetts Court of Appeals No. 04-P-1747.
Feb. 9, 2006..

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           December 22, 2007 Saturday

FSU sees a lack of oversight in scandal;
The school president says "misconduct of a few have affected so many" in the
football program.

BYLINE: BOB THOMAS

SECTION: Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 751 words


TALLAHASSEE -- Florida State University president T.K. Wetherell expressed
contrition Friday over the academic misconduct scandal that will leave the
school's football team severely short-handed for its Dec. 31 Music City Bowl
against Kentucky.

Wetherell's public statement was his first since FSU announced Tuesday that up
to 25 players wouldn't make the trip to Nashville, Tenn. Wetherell is on
vacation in Montana, where he's celebrating his 62nd birthday today.

In his statement released through the university relations office, Wetherell
said he "deeply regrets that the misconduct of a few has affected so many."

The exact number and names of football players snared by the school's internal
investigation into student-athletes receiving answers from a tutor for an online
class examination will not be released. Their identities are protected by
student privacy laws. However, the school said it will respond today to a
Wednesday public-records request by the Times-Union to release the Seminoles'
bowl travel roster. School officials initially said that request would be
granted Friday.

FSU associate athletic director Rob Wilson said player omissions from the travel
roster aren't solely limited to those implicated in the academic misconduct
probe and could include those who are injured, academically ineligible for other
reasons or in violation of team rules. Still, the focus of attention is squarely
on a program that has been significantly impacted by the investigation.

"It is important to understand that the violations focused on a poorly
structured online course, lack of attention to detail by a faculty member and
insufficient oversight by the athletic department of one rogue tutor -- all
coming together to result in a 'contaminated' class," Wetherell said in his
statement.

That class, identified by school officials as an online section of Music in
Western Culture, had 900 enrollees during the fall 2006 and spring 2007
semesters. FSU provost Larry Abele confirmed that at least 50 student-athletes
-- more than half of which aren't members of the football team -- are being
penalized.

The school is self-imposing the suspension of student-athletes for the
equivalent of one-third of the playing season in their respective sports, under
the advisement of The Compliance Group, which it hired to assist its
investigation. FSU also has consulted with the NCAA throughout the probe.

Regardless, the bowl-bound football team is bearing the brunt of the public
scrutiny.

"There's no doubt about that," FSU coach Bobby Bowden said. "The interest is
football because that's what's in season, and there are more of them involved."

Wetherell said no coaches were involved in the misconduct and that
student-athletes didn't enroll in the course with the intent of doing anything
wrong. He suggested that there were many cases in which they received answers
from the tutor without requesting such aid.

"In the final analysis, these students made the decision to use the answers
provided for an online exam, and they are suffering the consequences," Wetherell
said.

Despite the involvement of athletes from numerous sports, Bowden and his
faltering football program has been the target of negative publicity. The St.
Petersburg Times, in a Friday editorial, said major college football's all-time
leader in victories should step down as the Seminoles' coach.

Bowden said he's accustomed to such scrutiny, having endured NCAA investigations
in 1980 and again in 1994.

"It's not my first rodeo," Bowden said. "It ain't time to cut and run."

When asked if the best he could do was roll with the punches, Bowden said: "I
don't know if it's rolling. It's fighting back. I ain't never run from a fight,
and I ain't running from this one, I guarantee you."

Wetherell identified areas where the school already has tightened academic
controls. For example, FSU has moved all tests for online classes to a center
that requires a photographic ID and a pass code for students to enter, and it's
now requiring that all tests for online classes be overseen by proctors who have
no connection to the athletic department.

"I get the feeling that the testing procedure that was used is not going to go
over too good," Bowden said. "I know other universities are doing it -- taking
tests online -- and there might be too many fallacies to it. This might help
bring it to light."

Wetherell said the findings from FSU's internal probe will be forwarded in a
report to the NCAA next month.

bob.thomas@jacksonville.com, (850) 224-7515

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Wetherell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

Bonita Unified releases details of teacher misconduct investigation

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 248 words


Related story:Teacher brings registered sex offender to La Verne elementary
school

SAN DIMAS - The Bonita Unified School District on Thursday said the single
investigation of misconduct it reported as part of this newspaper's Safe Schools
project was for a teacher who brought a sex offender to a La Verne Elementary
school in Janauary.

Following several sexual misconduct scandals in the Los Angeles Unified School
District, this newspaper requested that local school districts publicly release
their files on teacher misconduct.

Nearly every district of the 28 denied the request, asked for more time, or
asked for clarification. Bonita Unified reported that it had one investigation
of misconduct, but did not specify the details.

On Thursday, Superintendent Gary Rafkin said it was not Bonita Unified's intent
to "stonewall" the request for information and said the district is committed to
being transparent.

Rapkin said that investigation involved a teacher who brought a registered sex
offender to Oak Mesa Elementary in La Verne on two occasions in January.

Upon learning of the incident, district officials immediately reported it to La
Verne police, who are investigating. The sex offender was also ordered to stay
away from Bonita Unified schools.

Rapkin said the district determined that the teacher had not committed any
offense that could be reported to the California Commission on Teacher
Credentialing. Nonetheless, he said the teacher has resigned from her position
at the district.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                          November 21, 2001 Wednesday

Rochester Legal Briefs November 21, 2001

BYLINE: Jill Miller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


The Appellate Division, Fourth Department decisions that were handed down on
November 9 included several civil rulings of particular interest to the practice
of law. These included legal malpractice, discovery sanctions, and misconduct at
trial.

ATTORNEY CASES

Personal Injury --

Attorney Misconduct

A personal injury trial in Erie County before Justice James B. Kane, Jr.
resulted in plaintiff's case being nonsuited. On appeal, plaintiff contended
that misconduct of the defense attorney caused an unfair trial. The Fourth
Department agreed.

The attorney for Children's Hospital refused to abide by court rulings, badgered
opposing counsel, and constantly interrupted witnesses. On plaintiff's
summation, the hospital's attorney interrupted 30 times with groundless
objections. This "egregious misconduct" prevented the jury from properly
considering the issues.

Kennedy v. Children's Hospital of Buffalo, Erie County, no. 1397

Legal Malpractice

The Fourth Department hammered a Rochester attorney in connection with a medical
malpractice lawsuit. Plaintiff's decedent was rendered a paraplegic as a result
of complications resulting from a colonoscopy.

The law firm of Shapiro & Shapiro was retained, and the case was referred to
another attorney. The attorneys advised plaintiff they could not pursue a
malpractice action and advised immediate consultation with another attorney if
the case was to be pursued further because there was a limited time to start a
malpractice suit. Neither attorney specified when the statute of limitations
would expire.

A legal malpractice suit was brought for failure to investigate the viability of
the medical claim, and failing to consult an expert in the proper medical field.

In Ontario County, Judge James Harvey granted Shapiro summary judgment. The
Fourth Department reversed. Defendant failed to establish that it was entitled
to judgment as a matter of law.

Blackburn v. Shapiro et al., Ontario County, no. 1289

Discovery -- Attorney Fees

In a personal injury suit, representatives of the parties went to the place
where the accident in question occurred but were denied the opportunity to view
the equipment in operation. The parties that were prevented then sought
sanctions under 22 NYCRR 130.1.1(a), which Justice Eugene Bergin granted. The
Fourth Department reversed.

The demands made during the inspection exceeded the scope of the agreement
regarding that inspection. While CPLR 3120 allows entry onto the premises, it
does not authorize discovery in the form of an accident reconstruction.

Madison v. Spancrete Machine Co., Monroe County, no. 1335

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

             September 25, 1996, Wednesday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Expansion a matter of timing

BYLINE: Tim Wharnsby and Lance Hornby

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPORTS; Pg. 56, National Hockey League

LENGTH: 330 words


Expansion is again on the minds of the NHL power brokers.

When league governors meet in New York today, the topic of expanding to possibly
28 teams from 26 will be high on the checklist.

Nashville and Oklahoma City have made known their interest in joining the NHL.
There is also idle chat that Atlanta and Portland will keep an ear to the ground
and an eye on the proceedings.

''I think there will be quite a debate, not if we will expand, but when,'' Maple
Leafs president Cliff Fletcher said. ''The health of some franchises (Hartford
and Edmonton) are in question right now. Some teams want to wait (on expansion).
Some teams want to go after it right now.''

Also on the agenda will be franchise ownership issues involving the Tampa Bay
Lightning and Florida Panthers and the rubber stamping of three rule changes.

The Japanese ownership of the Lightning is hoping to sell half of its club.

The Panthers, in order to raise funds, have a plan to raise $73 million by
selling 7.3-million class A shares at $10 apiece.

Three rules changes expected to be rubber-stamped today involve instigating
fights, faceoffs and the offside tag-ups.

Instead of a fight instigator receiving minor, major and game misconduct
penalties, the game misconduct will be reduced to a 10-minute misconduct. If the
player instigates a second fight, he will receive a minor, major and game
misconduct.

The faceoff rule that was tested during the World Cup and pre-season, employing
L-shaped lines on either side of the faceoff spot, will be adopted. Skaters
taking faceoffs must stand with one foot in each box.

As far as the tag-up rule, players no longer will be allowed to simply slap the
puck back into the offensive zone while teammates are clearing the zone.

The NHL will revert to the rule that allows a delayed offside call on an errant
pass if the puck goes right to a defender. If the puck comes out and is slapped
back in it's an intentional offside.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                       Copyright 1996 Financial Post Ltd.


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

Briefs

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 757 words


TRUMP SEEKS BIG DONORS FOR CAMPAIGN

LAS VEGAS The billionaire presidential candidate who prides himself on paying
his own way and bashed his competition for relying on political donors now wants
lots of their money.

Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, has hired a
national finance chairman, scheduled his first fundraiser and is on the cusp of
signing a deal with the Republican Party that would enable him to solicit
donations of more than $300,000 apiece from supporters.

Hezbollah senior commander killed in Syria. The top military commander of
Lebanon's Hezbollah was killed in an explosion near the Syrian capital of
Damascus, the Shiite guerrilla group said Friday, the highest level casualty yet
in its intervention in the raging civil war next door.

The death of Mustafa Badreddine strikes a heavy blow to the militant group,
which has lost more than 1,000 fighters since deploying in Syria to support
President Bashar Assad.

Pfizer blocks use of its drugs for executions. Pharmaceutical company Pfizer
said Friday it was blocking use of its drugs in lethal injections, which means
all federally approved drugmakers whose medications could be used for executions
have now put them off limits.

The development means the approximately 25 FDA approved companies worldwide able
to manufacture drugs used in executions have now blocked the use of the drugs,
according to Reprieve, a New York based human rights organization opposed to the
death penalty.

Arizona sheriff found in contempt phoenix A judge found the longtime sheriff of
metro Phoenix in contempt of court Friday for disobeying his orders in a racial
profiling case, bringing the lawman who calls himself "America's toughest
sheriff" a step closer to a possible criminal contempt case that could expose
him to fines and even jail time.

The ruling Friday marked one of the biggest legal defeats in the six term career
of Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who is known for cracking down on illegal immigration,
and it was expected to lead to greater court oversight of his office. A hearing
will be held May 31 to examine whether he faces a criminal contempt case.

Suicide sparks police misconduct probe oakland, Calif. Police say an
investigation into allegations that officers committed sexual misconduct with a
minor began after an officer committed suicide.

Oakland Police Chief Sean Whent said at a news conference Friday that the
suicide investigation prompted the sexual misconduct probe, although he did not
say how.

Whent also confirmed the sexual misconduct probe involves allegations that a
minor was involved.

The department has put three officers on administrative leave.

Study finds toxic metals in homes near gas leak los angeles Public health
officials say homes near the nation's largest known methane leak had higher
levels of toxic metals that could be responsible for persistent symptoms
residents have endured.

The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health released results Friday that
showed barium, manganese and vanadium were found more frequently and in higher
concentrations in homes in the Porter Ranch area.

The report says the contaminants could be responsible for eye, nose, throat and
skin irritation but are not expected to cause long term problems.

The report says the metals may have come from attempts to plug a Southern
California Gas Co. well that spewed methane for nearly four months.

U.N. condemns Boko Haram UNITED NATIONS The U.N. Security Council is strongly
condemning attacks by Boko Haram and expressing alarm at its links to the
Islamic State before a summit in Nigeria to evaluate efforts to combat the
Islamic extremist group.

A presidential statement approved Friday by all 15 council members demands that
Boko Haram "immediately and unequivocally cease all violence and all abuses of
human rights and violations of international humanitarian law."

It also demands the immediate release of thousands of people held captive
including 219 Nigerian schoolgirls abducted in April 2014.

University of N.M. reviews seal ALBUQUERQUE New Mexico's largest university is
considering revising its half century old seal amid concerns by American Indian
students who say it represents the frontier's violent era.

Unlike other moves to change logos and names of buildings, the effort to drop
the seal is drawing resistance from another minority group Latinos.

American Indian student groups are asking the University of New Mexico to scrap
the seal that depicts a rifle toting frontiersman and a sword carrying
conquistador. Denver Post wire services

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Law firm hired in UConn sex misconduct case

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Sept. 10--A Philadephia-based law firm experienced in sexual misconduct
investigations in educational settings has been selected from a field of 28
applicants to investigate how the University of Connecticut handled information
it received as early as 2006 about music professor Robert Miller.

"After thorough and thoughtful review of a field of qualified applicants, the
Office of the Attorney General has awarded this contract to Drinker Biddle &
Reath LLP of Philadelphia," Attorney General George Jepsen said in a press
release.

Miller, 66, of Mansfield, who had worked at the university since 1982, was
placed on paid administrative leave and banned from campus on June 21 after
allegations surfaced that he had a history of having sex with young boys and had
inappropriate contact with university students.

Miller, who served as the head of the music department, has not been charged
with any crimes, but campus and state police in Connecticut and police in
Virginia are investigating.

The university in July solicited bids for an outside law firm and budgeted
$250,000 to conduct an independent investigation and report its findings to the
school's board of trustees. The firm will also represent and advise UConn in an
internal probe into whether it complied with federal Title IX procedures
concerning sexual abuse allegations.

A three-member selection committee interviewed six finalists from among 28
bidders before choosing Drinker Biddle & Reath, according to the memorandum. A
national firm with home offices in Philadelphia, Drinker Biddle employs 650
lawyers, according to its website.

"We can confirm we have a cadre of educational institutions we've worked with in
the past, and that does include allegations of sexual misconduct," said Jennifer
Morinigo, the firm's director of communications. "Our clients value our
discretion in this, and we tend not to comment."

Morinigo said Drinker Biddle was not engaged to investigate the Penn State child
sex abuse case.

Drinker Biddle attorneys will bill the university $550 an hour and agreed to
bill for travel using New York instead of Philadelphia as the point of origin
and return, according to a memorandum by the selection committee that was
released Monday. The firm will assign five front line attorneys to the
investigation, including partner Scott A. Coffina, a former U.S. Attorney and
associate counsel to President George W. Bush who also worked in the White House
Office of Political Affairs during the Reagan administration, according to the
memo.

The selection committee consisted of Dean Timothy S. Fisher of the UConn Law
School, Assistant Attorney General Henry Salton, who heads up the attorney
general's health and eduction department, and Assistant Attorney General
Kimberly P. Massicote, who heads up the environment department.

The other five finalists included Ballard Spahr LLP; Day Pitney LLP; McElroy,
Deutsch, Mulvaney & Carpenter; Pepper Hamilton LLP; and Wiggin and Dana.

k.florin@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130910-NL-Law-firm-hired-in-UConn-sex-misconduct-case-0910-20130910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 14, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors fight for justice

BYLINE: Robert P. McCulloch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 437 words

Today's debate: Judicial system misconduct

Opposing view: Misconduct problems exaggerated; high standards are the norm.

A recent study funded primarily by George Soros, the billionaire who finances
most attempts to legalize drugs, claims "prosecutorial misconduct" is at
epidemic proportions in this country. Nothing could be further from the truth.


The term conjures up images of a sinister prosecutor manufacturing incriminating
evidence against the innocent and destroying exculpatory evidence. Courts use it
to describe alleged mistakes by a prosecutor, while judges' mistakes are benign
"trial court errors" and defense lawyers' are innocuous "ineffective assistance
of counsel."

Prosecutors are, and must be, held to the highest standards of all those
involved in the criminal justice system. We are the gatekeepers, with the
daunting task of determining which, if any, charges are pursued. It is not a
task we take lightly. The decision is not made in a vacuum or on the whim of an
individual, but within an elaborate system of checks and balances designed to
protect the guilty, the innocent and the public. Have mistakes been made? Yes.
Will mistakes occur in the future? Of course, and prosecutors and courts will be
there to correct them.

The study shamelessly exaggerates the problem. In Missouri, my state, the study
implies 20% of appellate cases were reversed for prosecutorial misconduct. The
truth is that from 1970 to 2003, Missouri appellate courts decided more than
20,000 criminal cases. In 376, a convicted felon alleged prosecutorial
misconduct. Only 77 were reversed because of the action of the prosecutor; most
of those have been re-tried and the criminal is back in prison. During the same
period, 3,077 convicted felons alleged defense attorney error (ineffective
assistance). It is yet to be determined how many of those cases were reversed.

The responsibility of prosecutors is to protect the public from those who commit
crimes and the innocent from unwarranted prosecution. The courts, bar
associations, media and, most importantly, the public all review our actions. In
those rare cases in which prosecutors do engage in intentional misconduct, they
are punished, up to and including disbarment and imprisonment.

Unlike those behind this study, our sole allegiance is to the truth. Our
obligation to the public is to see that justice is served in every case. We will
continue to do that job.

***

Robert P. McCulloch, prosecuting attorney for St. Louis County, Mo., is
president-elect of the National District Attorneys Association.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

Georgia: U.S. Investigates Possible Misconduct in Chicago Public Schools

LENGTH: 637  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


City of Cairo, The State of Georgia has issued the following news release:

Federal investigators are speaking to public school officials here as part of an
inquiry into possible misconduct, the president of the Chicago Board of
Education acknowledged this week.

Although Chicago Public Schools leaders and federal prosecutors declined to
identify the target of the investigation, local news media outlets, citing
anonymous sources, reported that the investigation related to a no-bid contract
that was awarded to a former employer of Barbara Byrd-Bennett, the school
system's chief executive.

"The Board of Education was made aware that federal authorities are
investigating a matter at C.P.S. and have requested interviews with several
employees," the board's president, David J. Vitale, said in a statement issued
on Wednesday. "We take any allegation of misconduct seriously, and we are fully
cooperating with investigators who requested that we not discuss any specifics
regarding the ongoing investigation."

Ms. Byrd-Bennett, who was appointed to her post in 2012 by Mayor Rahm Emanuel,
oversees this city's troubled system of more than 600 schools and about 400,000
students.

The Chicago Tribune and The Chicago Sun-Times reported this week that the
investigation focused on Ms. Byrd-Bennett's involvement with a no-bid, $20.5
million contract that the district awarded to SUPES Academy, where, the
newspapers said, Ms. Byrd-Bennett worked before she was hired by the district.
According to The Tribune, a federal grand jury has been reviewing evidence on
the matter for at least a year.

A district spokesman did not respond to requests for comment from Ms.
Byrd-Bennett.

SUPES Academy, an Illinois-based company that trains teachers and school
administrators, said in a statement that it was cooperating with the
authorities. The contract with SUPES, approved by the board in 2013, called for
three years of training for school principals. Ms. Byrd-Bennett signed the
request for the board to consider the contract, records show.

"Federal investigators have informed SUPES Academy of an investigation involving
the Chicago Public Schools and have obtained records and files," said Dennis
Culloton, a spokesman for the company. "SUPES will of course cooperate with this
investigation. At the same time, the company stands behind the countless hours
of training it has provided to Chicago Public Schools principals."

A spokeswoman for the United States attorney's office in Chicago, Kim Nerheim,
declined to comment.

News of the investigation came just over a week after Mayor Emanuel won
re-election in a campaign that focused largely on education, and as the school
system copes with a $1 billion deficit for the 2016 fiscal year and an estimated
$9 billion in unfunded pension liabilities.

Students in many Chicago schools struggle to graduate and meet basic learning
standards, and Mr. Emanuel has made improving the education system part of his
platform. Though the mayor has had success in lengthening the school day and
expanding all-day kindergarten, his approach has provoked complaints.

The recent election campaign included frequent criticism of the decision to
close dozens of schools in 2013 and a labor dispute that led to a teachers
strike the year before. The current contract with the teachers union expires in
June.

Mr. Emanuel said at a news conference Wednesday that he was aware of an
investigation, but that he did not know the details.

"There's no information in the sense of who's the target, who are the
individuals," Mr. Emanuel said. "The federal authorities that are investigating
don't share a lot while they have an active investigation. I'm as eager as you
are for answers to questions."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

Oakland attorney John Burris remembers tough life of Rodney King, 'the face of
police brutality'

BYLINE: By Bruce Newman bnewman@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local; Entertainment;
Film; Reviews; Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 916 words


His beating by four Los Angeles police officers once placed him, infamously, at
the center of the most visible spasm of racial violence in America since the
civil rights struggles of the 1960s. But when Rodney King died early Sunday
morning, he was all alone, seen by no one as he slipped quietly to the bottom of
the swimming pool in his back yard. Police, who formed a circle around his
lifeless body, said King, 47, drowned.

Long before YouTube existed, the 1991 video of King being kicked, beaten and
shot with a stun gun by LAPD officers who pulled him over following a high-speed
chase, became one of the most-watched pieces of footage ever recorded. A man who
lived nearby stepped outside his home, videotaped what he saw and turned the
tape over to a TV station. King suffered several skull fractures, a broken eye
socket and facial nerve damage.

The video seemed to leave little doubt among African Americans that police
misconduct had occurred. So when a jury that included no blacks acquitted three
of the officers on charges of felony assault a year later, rioting immediately
erupted in South Central L.A. The violence left 55 people dead, more than 2,000
injured and large swaths of the city on fire, or smoldering in anger. At the
height of the violence, King went on television to plead, "Can we all get
along?"

Videos everywhere

King later won a $3.8 million judgment against the police department in a civil
trial, in which he was represented by John Burris, the Oakland civil rights
attorney. On Sunday, the lawyer who has been pressing police misconduct cases
for a quarter-century, reflected on his former client who never seemed
comfortable in the spotlight.

"He became the face of police brutality that everyone could see and no one could
deny," Burris said. "King is a symbolic figure because the images of his beating
were really the first opportunity for the general white population to see this
kind of brutality against an African American by the police."

Black Americans had been complaining about being singled out for harsh treatment
by police for years, but the King case turned the tables in the court of public
opinion. The searing video footage showed police raining blow after blow on a
man lying on the ground. "This was the first case in which there was a video
camera," Burris recalled. "Now, video cameras are an expected aspect of a police
case, whether the police have it or the victims have it." Many police
departments use video cameras in patrol cars or on officers' lapels, and few
confrontations these days are not recorded by someone with a cellphone.

Some critics of the case against the cops said the constant replaying of the
video incited the violence that erupted following the acquittals in the criminal
trial, but Burris remembers it differently. "It didn't incite racial tensions,
it exposed them, and police brutality, in ways people had never seen before," he
said. "When you have a case that kicks dirt in your face like that one did,
that's where the racial tension comes from. I can remember how hurtful it was to
see those guys be found not guilty."

As Burris prepared for the civil trial -- during which he made an impassioned
closing argument on King's behalf -- he was surprised at the backlash in some
parts of the city against his client, a parolee who had been drinking when he
was arrested. "The reaction to his beating by a large segment of the white
population," Burris said, "was that he must have done something to deserve it.
Not all, of course, but I was dumbfounded by the viciousness that people felt
toward him. There was this willingness to turn the victim upside down in a
public way, so that he became the villain and the cops became the victims."

Uncomfortable with fame

King's drowning was reported to police in Rialto -- a working class city 50
miles from Los Angeles -- by Cynthia Kelley, one of the jurors in the civil
rights case that awarded King $3.8 million in damages. The two were engaged to
be married. In an interview earlier this year with the Associated Press, King
insisted he was a happy man. "America's been good to me after I paid the price
and stayed alive through it all," he said. "This part of my life is the easy
part now."

A next door neighbor in Rialto said that about 3 a.m., she heard music, people
talking and also someone talking very emotionally. "It seemed like someone was
really crying, like really deep emotions," said Sandra Gardea, 31. "And it just
got louder and louder. Everybody woke up. Even the kids woke up."

Gardea said this went on for some time, then it was quiet for several minutes.
"After that, we heard a splash in the back," she said. Shortly after 5 a.m.,
King's fiancee called police to say she had found his body in the pool.

Burris said King was never comfortable with the curious fame that followed him
through subsequent arrests and appearances on reality TV shows. "This was an
example of a very common person being thrust into martyrdom unwittingly," said
Burris, who later went on to represent Oscar Grant's family in a civil rights
trial against BART.

"This was a guy who was not emotionally or mentally equipped to be a public
figure," Burris said. "It's not anything he wanted, and it was a challenge for
him to handle it. He became sort of a trophy, who was passed around and placed
in situations that he really wasn't equipped to handle."

The Associated Press contributed to this story. Contact Bruce Newman at
408-920-5004; follow him atTwitter.com/BruceNewmanTwit .

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rodney Glenn King is photographed at his home in Rialto, California,
March 25, 2012. King, whose beating by police was caught on videotape and then
sparked the L.A. riots when the accused police were acquitted, has died. He was
47. (Jay L. Clendenin/Los Angeles Times/MCT)
Rodney Glenn King is photographed during a day of fishing at Glen Helen Regional
Park, in San Bernardino, April 18, 2012. King, whose beating by police was
caught on videotape and then sparked the L.A. riots when the accused police were
acquitted, has died. He was 47. (Jay L. Clendenin/Los Angeles Times/MCT)
Rodney Glen King looks at a picture of himself from May 1, 1992, the third day
of the Los Angeles riots, which hangs in the living room of his home in Rialto,
California, March 25, 2012. King, whose beating by police was caught on
videotape and then sparked the L.A. riots when the accused police were
acquitted, has died. He was 47. (Jay L. Clendenin/Los Angeles Times/MCT)
FILE - This July 20, 1993 file photo shows Rodney King speaking during an
appearance on KFI-AM radio's "Bill Handel and Mark Whitlock" show in Los
Angeles. King, the black motorist whose 1991 videotaped beating by Los Angeles
police officers was the touchstone for one of the most destructive race riots in
the nation's history, has died, his publicist said Sunday, June 17, 2012. He was
47. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, file)
Rodney King poses for a portrait after a book signing for "The Riot Within: My
Journey from Rebellion to Redemption" in New York in this April 24, 2012 file
photo. King, whose police brutality case in 1991 led to deadly riots in Los
Angeles, was found dead in a swimming pool on June 17, 2012 in Rialto,
California, police told CNN. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton/Files (UNITED STATES -
Tags: OBITUARY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                October 21, 2005

Former PC on sex and misconduct charges

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 194 words


A FORMER Bury policeman appeared in court on Wednesday accused of carrying out a
sex attack while on duty.

Pc Shajan Miah 26 who worked for Greater Manchester Police appeared before
Oldham Magistrates to face the charge and five additional connected offences.

Miah of Maud Street Rochdale spoke only to confirm his name and personal
details.

He faces five counts of misconduct in a public office and one of sexual assault
in connection with incidents involving two women.

The indecent assault charge relates to an alleged incident on December 29 last
year while he was on duty in the Bury Police Division.

The misconduct offences are alleged to have taken place between July 1 and
December 29.

Four misconduct charges relate to one woman while the fifth charge and the
sexual assault offence relate to a second woman.

Miah was suspended after the allegations came to light in March.

He resigned from the force on Monday after being charged by police.

No plea was entered during the 20-minute hearing and he was released on
conditional bail to appear at Manchester"s Minshull Street Crown Court on
January 24 next year.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Georgia: Teacher misconduct bill signed by Jerry Brown

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Georgia Partnership For Excellence In Education, The State of Georgia has issued
the following news release:

Gov. Jerry Brown on Friday signed a bill that will penalize school
superintendents who fail to report to the state when teachers are disciplined or
fired for misconduct.

The measure was a response to a sex abuse scandal in the Los Angeles Unified
School District.

Other measures Brown approved -- 55 in all -- are aimed at providing the public
with more information on local government actions and at protecting animals. The
bills take effect Jan. 1.

The school bill requires superintendents to report actions against instructors
to the state Commission on Teacher Credentialing within 30 days. Failure to do
so would be "unprofessional conduct" subjecting the administrator to possible
penalty by the commission. Those "refusing or willfully neglecting" to report
actions against teachers will face possible misdemeanor charges, with fines up
to $1,000.

"The bill will help keep students safe by requiring all school superintendents
and administrators to report teacher misconduct in a timely fashion," said Jim
Evans, a spokesman for Brown.

The measure was filed after a sex abuse incident involving a teacher at
Miramonte Elementary School in Los Angeles and a state audit finding that L.A.
Unified failed to report at least 144 cases of teacher misconduct when required
to do so.

Thirty-one of the cases were reported three years late, the audit found. As a
result, the state was not able to review teachers who may have been unfit for
the classroom, said Assemblyman Al Muratsuchi (D-Torrance), author of the bill,
AB 449.

If the state is unaware of problem teachers, it cannot take away their
credentials, which means they can still get jobs in other districts in
California, Muratsuchi explained: "This is a step forward, ensuring the safety
of our children."

The California Federation of Teachers, the California Teachers Assn. and United
Teachers Los Angeles supported the bill.

In a letter urging Brown to sign it, UTLA President Warren Fletcher wrote that
it would "ensure district superintendents are held accountable."

The governor also signed legislation expanding the state's open-meetings law by
requiring local legislative bodies to publicly report the individual vote or
abstention of each member in open session.

The bill applies to entities including regional transportation boards and groups
such as the Southern California Assn. of Governments. City Councils already are
subject to the bill's requirement.

Currently, the boards must publish only the total number of votes, rather than
the votes of individual board members. "When public officials vote on how to
spend public dollars, they must be accountable for how they vote," said Sen.
Leland Yee (D-San Francisco), author of SB 751.

Another bill that will now become law applies to the Department of Fish and
Wildlife. When responding to a report of a mountain lion sighting, officials
must use nonlethal methods, including capturing and tranquilizing, to remove the
animal if it has not been designated as an imminent threat to the public. Sen.
Jerry Hill (D-San Mateo) introduced the measure, SB 132.

The sale of animals at swap meets and flea markets will be barred under another
measure Brown signed, unless the local jurisdiction adopts animal care and
treatment standards to prevent inhumane conditions.

For further information please visit: http://www.gpee.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Eye of the beholder

SECTION: OPINION; 5

LENGTH: 704 words


The ubiquity of camera phones and the means to share images has figuratively
outgunned police in this important technology. Like ever-vigilant paparazzi,
people whip out their phones to record and even transmit live acts of what they
believe to be police misconduct, either as the objects of it or witnesses to it.

The smartphone is disrupting police work. It has become mightier, and certainly
more readily believed, than the pen in its ability to record and transmit images
of what went horribly wrong in a shooting or any police encounter. What's
surprising is that police departments, particularly in Massachusetts, have not
moved more quickly to put themselves on equal footing in these videoed
encounters, which can at times offer imperfect glimpses devoid of context,
including what led up to an incident before the camera was turned on. It's not
going to go away -- the American Civil Liberties Union, for instance, has a
Mobile Justice app available in a number of states, although not yet in
Massachusetts, to record and transmit acts that a citizen deems unlawful.

The Boston Police Department recently announced that officers will begin wearing
body cameras as early as August, after the department's union agreed to a
six-month test involving up to 100 officers on a voluntary basis. It shouldn't
have taken this long. While the focus has been on police misconduct, the added
transparency will in the long run benefit both police officers and their
communities:

n  It enables authorities to avoid and root out police misconduct, but it also
helps stem false narratives that can devolve into "officer said/defendant
said/witnesses said" claims that can feed and lead to unrest. A year ago in
Boston, after a black Muslim man suspected of preparing terrorist attacks was
shot and killed, authorities moved quickly to show video from a nearby Burger
King camera to a group of community leaders to counter widely circulated
Facebook accusations by the suspect's brother that he had been shot in the back.
While hardly perfect, the video appeared to support the claim by police that the
suspect was shot in the front when he lunged at them with a knife. It was a
textbook example of how transparency can help quell an ugly and destructive
situation. An underlying lesson, however, is that police can't rely on the
presence of a fast-food outlet camera to demonstrate their innocence.

n  The mere presence of a body camera will tend to puteveryone on their best
behavior. A yearlong research project in Rialto, California, a community of
about 100,000 residents, randomly assigned police officers across all shifts
with cameras in 2012. The results were a dramatic reduction in use-of-force
incidents, not only compared to prior years but even between different shifts in
the same year randomly assigned with or without cameras. Shifts without cameras
experienced twice as many incidents than those with officers using cameras. Even
bigger reductions were recorded in year-over comparisons. The study also found
complaints against police officers dropped from 28 to three in the test year, so
great that "there were not enough complaints to conduct any meaningful
analysis," the study found. Also, physical contact in every use-of-force
incident caught on video was found to have been initiated by the public and not
by police. The researchers speculated that the presence of a camera may not have
only modified police behavior but also the behavior of people interacting with
police since everyone knew their interactions were being videotaped.

Concerns by some that the state's wiretapping law prevents such recording are
either unfounded or can easily be rectified. The state Legislature authorized
grants to fund pilot programs. Plus, law prohibits secretly intercepting or
recording, not open recording. Body cameras are used in many states and need not
be held up as an impediment.

The Leicester Police Department has been experimenting with such cameras for
five years and has found them helpful. The Worcester Police Department, which
has fully embraced technology on a number of fronts, has a way to go in catching
up with this development. The sooner that it's made a routine part of policing
everywhere, the better.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 7, 2010 Wednesday

Alameda council member accused of official misconduct

BYLINE: By Peter Hegarty Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 964 words


ALAMEDA   City Councilwoman Lena Tam has been accused of official misconduct
after an attorney brought in by the interim city manager said she leaked
confidential city information, including to representatives from the company
that wants to redevelop the former Alameda Naval Air Station.

Along with providing information to SunCal Companies while the city was
negotiating with the developer over the former base's future, Tam is accused of
leaking information to the Alameda firefighters union and of violating the
state's open meeting law by using e-mails to influence her fellow City Council
members.

The Alameda County District Attorney's Office is now reviewing the allegations,
which are detailed in a report the City Council made public after a closed
session late Tuesday.

"I am confident that when the investigation is concluded, there will be no
evidence of misconduct," said Tam, whose council seat will be up for election
this fall.

The report asks prosecutors to refer the allegations to the grand jury as a
violation of Government Code Section 3060, which would allow Tam's removal for
"official misconduct."

The councilwoman "repeatedly disclosed closed session information ... to persons
who were not entitled to receive that information," said attorney Michael
Colantuono, who carried out the investigation on behalf of city officials.

The leaks undermined Tam's constituents and exposed the city to liability
because some who allegedly received the information were opposing city leaders
in private negotiations, such as SunCal representatives, Colantuono said.

"Because of the frequency and repeated nature of these violations, it is
reasonable to infer that other violations may have occurred telephonically, by
private e-mail accounts, in person or by other means, and that Tam likely
continues to leak confidential closed session information," Colantuono said in a
May 26 letter to Assistant District Attorney Lawrence Blazer.

In February, more than 85 percent of Alameda voters rejected a proposal from
SunCal to build about 4,500 new housing units and make other changes at the
former base, now known as Alameda Point.

But SunCal still hopes to redevelop the site. Its exclusive negotiating deal
with the city will expire July 20 unless the City Council extends it.

Tam has supported SunCal's efforts, while Mayor Beverly Johnson and other city
leaders have opposed it.

Among Tam's reported leaks was a March 17 city e-mail that she forwarded to
SunCal Vice President Pat Keliher that included comments City Attorney Teresa
Highsmith gave in closed session, as well as information on Highsmith's job
performance from another closed session.

Tam is also accused of forwarding SunCal's Frank Faye a confidential April 15
e-mail that Highsmith had sent to the City Council about her concern that Faye
was texting during closed talks with city representatives.

In a phone call the same day, Interim City Manager Ann Marie Gallant said Faye
"restated language from the e-mail almost verbatim."

"At that point, I advised him that this e-mail was sent under attorney-client
privilege and asked how he could have received it," Gallant said in a
declaration included in the report. "At first, he did not respond, but when I
also told him that this was a breach of attorney-client privilege, he later
changed his story and claimed that he did not have the e-mail, but had been told
about it by a third party."

Records show Faye called City Hall and left a message about Highsmith's e-mail
about 30 minutes after Tam forwarded it from her city account into her personal
account, according to Gallant's declaration.

Tam is also accused of forwarding a letter from a company called Paramedics Plus
on the possible outsourcing of the city's ambulance service to a leader of the
firefighters union.

"I believe that there are inaccuracies in the investigative report, and that it
jumps to conclusions and speculates on issues that have no basis in truth," Tam
said Wednesday.

She said she will comment on specific accusations against her in the coming
weeks.

Before her election to the council four years ago, Tam served on the Alameda
Hospital board and as an Alameda County planning commissioner. She works as a
manager in the Water Resources Planning Department of the East Bay Municipal
Utility District.

Others who reportedly received confidential e-mails from Tam include Lauren Do,
who operates the "Blogging Bayport" website, and John Knox White, a community
activist who serves on the city's Sunshine Task Force, according to the report.

On Tuesday, Mayor Beverly Johnson called on White to resign from the task force,
which was created to help make local government more transparent.

Johnson said she will put the issue before the council if White refuses to step
down.

"Mayor Johnson called for my removal as vice chair of the Sunshine Task Force
despite offering no evidence of wrongdoing on my part," White said in a
statement.

"I've heard of innocent until proven guilty before, but having to defend
yourself against nonexistent accusations is a new one to me."

White said the demand he quit was "a political vendetta by a waning politician"
over his defense of the Brown Act, or the open government law.

Tam and the interim city manager also have been frequent political opponents,
including on what SunCal has proposed for the former Navy base.

While Tam declined to comment on whether she thought the investigation into her
was politically-motivated, she noted this is an election season. Candidate
filing begins Monday and runs to Aug. 6 for the November election. The mayor and
two council seats are open.

Among those who some observers believe may soon make a bid for a council seat is
Johnson, who will be termed out as mayor this fall.

"The timing is certainly interesting," Tam said.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 8, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CONSUMER SATURDAY;
WHEN A LAWYER IS REMISS

BYLINE: Lisa Belkin

SECTION: Section 1; Page 48, Column 1; Style Desk

LENGTH: 801 words


Most purchases can be examined before they are paid for: clothes can be tried
on, cars can be driven, stereos can be heard. Not so lawyers. It is difficult to
judge a lawyer before hiring one, other than on the basis of experience and the
advice of friends, and equally difficult to know where to turn when you believe
that your lawyer is not acting in your best interests.

A new guide entitled ''How to Complain About Professional Misconduct by
Lawyers'' deals with that problem. The six-page booklet, prepared by the New
York City Bar Association's committee on professional discipline, details the
actions that can be taken when a client believes that a New York lawyer has
engaged in such misconduct as neglect, conversion of funds or fraud or has been
involved in conflict of interest.

''Most people assume when they engage a lawyer that they will have fair and full
representation,'' said Robert B. McKay, president of the association. ''Their
trust in the ethical conduct of lawyers is essential to this profession.
However, on those rare occasions when misconduct is suspected it is important
that people know the courses of action available to them. We want those
mechanisms to be used.''

The booklet defines professional misconduct: Neglect occurs when ''a lawyer
fails to pursue your case and the action is dismissed or barred because of your
lawyer's delay''; conversion arises when ''a lawyer takes your money and uses it
for a purpose that was not agreed to by you, or mingles it with someone else's
money''; fraud occurs ''when a lawyer lies to you about any aspect of your
case''; conflict of interest arises when ''a lawyer represents both sides and
does not explain fully what problems may result.''

For copies of the booklet, which lists the authorities to whom to send
complaints, write the executive secretary, Association of the Bar of the City of
New York, 42 West 44th Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.


ADVICE for consumers filing other

kinds of complaints is available in ''The Address Book: How to Reach Anyone
Who's Anyone.'' The paperback by Michael Levine (Perigee Books, $5.95), which is
in its fourth printing, contains the names and addresses of more than 3,000
corporations, governmental agencies and personalities - from the State Public
Service Commission (Empire State Plaza, Agency Building 3, Albany, N.Y. 12223)
to Ice Capades (6121 Santa Monica Boulevard, Hollywood, Calif. 90038).

Few private addresses are in the book. Fans hoping to visit Mick Jagger will
have to settle for writing him care of Rolling Stones Records, and those who
want to state their opinion to Senator Edward M. Kennedy can do so at the Senate
Office Building, not his home.

Although much of the information in the book is available elsewhere, the format
is helpful. One might not even think of looking for the National Federation of
Grandmothers; it can be found at 203 North Wabash Avenue, Chicago, Ill. 60601.
Similarly, a consumer wishing to write a letter of praise or complaint to the
Maytag Company might have difficulty finding it; its address is 403 West Fourth
Street North, Newton, Iowa 50208.

Indeed, it is as a consumer tool that Mr. Levine presents his book. He lists
''Tips for Writing an Effective Complaint Letter,'' among them these:


- ''Type your letter if possible. If it is handwritten, be sure it is neat and
legible.''


- ''Make it brief and to the point. Include all pertinent facts (i.e., date of
transaction, item involved, store and so forth) and what you believe would be a
fair and just settlement of the problem. Attach documentation to support your
case; send copies, not originals.''


- ''Remember, the person reading your letters is not personally responsible for
your problem but may be responsible for solving it. Therefore, avoid writing a
sarcastic, threatening or angry letter. It may lessen your chances of getting
the complaint resolved.''


- ''Send copies cf your letter to a lawyer, the Better Business Bureau, Chamber
of Commerce, consumer advocates and so forth. This technique carries a lot of
weight and shows that you mean business.''


- ''Keep copies of your letter and all related documents and information.''


AGOOD deal for a good cause can

be found on Tuesday when the Fashion Institute of Technology holds its annual
fabric sale to benefit the alumni scholarship fund. Many American designers,
ready-to-wear concerns and fabric houses have donated sample cuts, ends of bolts
and other fabric selections. They will be sold at $1 to $10 a yard - below
normal wholesale prices for the wools, cottons, natural fibers and synthetics.

The sale will be at the institute, at 227 West 27th Street, in the lobby of
building C. It is for one day only, from 10 A.M. until 6 P.M. For more
information call 212-760-7701.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 19, 1996, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Congresswomen offer new system to stop military misconduct;
Female recruits might benefit from reporting system outside chain of command,
they say.

BYLINE: Scott Shepard; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: Washington


Congresswomen, in a private meeting with Army officials, suggested Monday that
the military consider establishing a system outside the regular chain of command
for reporting sexual harassment.

The suggestion came during a 90-minute briefing by four male Army generals for
about a dozen members of the Congressional Caucus for Women's Issues on
allegations of sexual relations between male instructors and female recruits.

The normal military chain of command "may not be the only appropriate structure
to use for women who feel harassed or intimidated by sexual misconduct," said
Rep. Sheila Jackson-Lee (D-Texas).

Jackson-Lee suggested that the Army appoint an "ombudswoman" as a method for
handling the increasing number of allegations of sexual harassment of women in
the Army.

The Army officials who briefed the congresswomen avoided reporters following the
Capitol Hill meeting.

Many of the congresswomen who attended the briefing expressed confidence in the
Army's investigation of sexual harassment at all of its training bases.

The congresswomen also praised the Army for ruling out any segregation of men
and women following the allegations of sexual harassment.

"Men and women will continue to be trained together because they have to go to
war together," said Pat Schroeder, a Colorado Democrat, who is retiring from
Congress.

The Army's investigation was prompted by the filing of criminal charges against
a captain and four drill sergeants at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland for
allegedly raping and sexually harassing female trainees.

Five more sergeants have been charged with having improper sexual relationships
with recruits at Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., and one of those was convicted and
sentenced to prison.

More than 4,000 women have telephoned an Army hot line with complaints of
inappropriate sexual conduct since revelation of the allegations at the Aberdeen
Proving Ground.

Army Secretary Togo West said Sunday the Army intends to follow up in around 550
cases.

Monday's briefing "made us a bit more secure that they are going to continue to
ask the right questions as to what went on and what went wrong at Aberdeen and
what is going wrong within our armed forces," said Rep. Susan Molinari (R-N.Y.).

Although 90 percent of the military "functions well, functions fairly, functions
evenly," Molinari added, "there are some problems and there is a culture that
needs to be changed."

Molinari agreed with Jackson-Lee that the Army needs to find some way to "break
through the chain of command" - possibly with a permanent telephone hot line.

But Eleanor Holmes Norton, the District of Columbia's delegate to Congress,
suggested that the Army use its command structure in a more effective way to end
sexual harassment.

Noting that the military successfully used this structure to end racial
segregation, Norton said, "We expect the command structure to get the same
results when it come to sexual harassment and rape."

Rep. Cynthia McKinney (D-Ga.) also called for action.

"At some point, someone has to be held responsible for these crimes against
America's women in uniform," she said. "We must spare no effort to end this
outrage, lest we send the wrong signal to young women who want to serve their
country in the armed forces that they are not welcome in the military."

Members of the Women's Issues Caucus plan to visit Aberdeen in the coming weeks.
A date has not been set.

Rep. Nita Lowey, (D-N.Y.), co-chair of the caucus, said the group of
congresswomen has begun talks with the other military services to determine the
extent of similar problems in those branches.

"It is hard to believe that this activity . . . has not occurred in the other
branches as well."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color photo and teaser box: (appeared on A/01 with reference to B/04
 story)A bipartisan group of congresswomen, including Eleanor Holmes
 Norton (left) of the District of Columbia and Patsy Mink of Hawaii, meet
 Monday with Army officials on Capitol Hill to propose a system outside
 the chain of command for reporting sexual harassment. / DOUG MILLS /
 Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                               WED FINAL Edition

Nominee pledges to ease cop-misconduct inquiries

BYLINE: Ryan Parker

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 267 words


If confirmed by City Council as Denver's new independent monitor, Nicholas
Mitchell said he will work to restore citizens' faith in the office.

"My goal on the job is to make sure every investigation is thorough, every
witness with material information is interviewed and that we come to the right
result in every case," said Mitchell, who now works as a commercial litigator.

The Office of Independent Monitor, which investigates cases of police
misconduct, has been without a leader since January, when Richard Rosenthal took
a similar job in British Columbia.

While addressing members of the Health, Safety, Education and Services Committee
on Tuesday, Mitchell said it was too early to announce new policy but did say he
would conduct a full-scale review concerning the length of time that
investigations take.

"It's important the process be as quick, as efficient and as thorough as
possible," he said.

Mitchell's appointment was approved by the Health, Safety Education and Services
committee after his presentation.

Councilman and new committee chairman Albus Brooks said he was impressed by
Mitchell's community-based background, including his work as an investigator for
the New York City Civilian Complaint Review Board.

'That is going to be huge," Brooks said. "We've never had that before."

Mitchell said he plans on becoming a community fixture and working closely with
the police department, so he is aware of issues as soon as they occur.

The soonest Mitchell could be confirmed by City Council for the office is Aug.
20.

Ryan Parker: 303-954-2409, rparker@denverpost.com or twitter.com/ryanparkerdp

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 9, 2012



CORRECTION:  Clarification: A headline on Page 2A in Wednesday's Post was
unclear in describing Nicholas Mitchell's goal if he is confirmed as Denver's
independent police monitor. He aims to streamline investigations of police
misconduct.

GRAPHIC: If confirmed as the new head of the Office of the Independent Monitor,
Nicholas Mitchell says he looks forward to becoming a community fixture and
working closely with Denver police. The soonest the commercial litigator could
be confirmed is Aug. 20. Hyoung Chang, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 19, 2001, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MAN IS SENTENCED FOR SEXUAL ATTACKS ON GIRLS

SECTION: METRO, Pg. C2

LENGTH: 320 words



ST. CLAIR COUNTY

Richard Stellhorn, 37, of Cahokia, was sentenced Thursday to 25 years in prison
after pleading guilty in circuit court in Belleville of predatory sexual assault
of one girl under 13 and molesting another in her early teens.

Stellhorn must serve 85 percent of the sentence before he is eligible for
parole.

He had been charged with 16 counts of sexual misconduct involving three girls
starting about four years ago and continuing until his arrest last summer.

The charges included child pornography, sexual exploitation of a child, sexual
exploitation of a child and ritual abuse of a child. Fourteen of the 16 charges
were dismissed in exchange for his plea.

WASHINGTON PARK

Officer is arrested on felony charge

Illinois State Police arrested Washington Park police Officer Clennard E.
McCorkle, 44, of East St. Louis Thursday on a charge of official misconduct.

McCorkle is accused of tearing up a traffic ticket he had issued last Aug. 31.
Investigators would not specify what they believe McCorkle thought he would gain
if he destroyed the ticket.

Official misconduct is a felony, for which conviction would mean forfeiture of
his job and anything from probation up to five years in prison.

Bond was set at $ 10,000 and McCorkle was freed after posting the 10 percent
required by law. He has been suspended by the department.

ST. LOUIS

Death is called accidental suicide

A man, 22, fatally shot himself in the head while playing with a pistol Thursday
afternoon in his home in the 4900 block of Cottage Avenue, St. Louis homicide
detectives said.

The man's name was being withheld until his relatives could be notified.

A witness, a young woman, told police she thought the man was just joking when
he pointed a revolver at her about 2 p.m.

She said she pushed the gun away and then the man pointed it at his own head and
the gun went off.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Law & Order Column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Missouri auditor, others call for tougher penalties on officials who steal

BYLINE:  By Robert Patrick St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 276 words


CLAYTON - Missouri State Auditor Nicole Galloway, a top prosecutor and a
Missouri senator called Wednesday for tougher penalties for officials who steal
public money and greater powers to audit and recover the loot.

Sen. Bob Dixon, R-Springfield, has pre-filed a bill, S.B. 176, that would
increase the penalty for first-degree official misconduct from a misdemeanor to
a class E felony, punishable by up to four years in prison. It also would create
a class A misdemeanor crime of second-degree official misconduct, to give
prosecutors "greater discretion," according to a news release.

In addition, the bill would give judges more powers to recover the money, and
allow prosecutors and law enforcement to request an audit of an agency suspected
of "fraud, misconduct, or abuse of public dollars."

In a prepared statement, Dixon said the bill would allow law enforcement to
"maximize resources" with Galloway's office, and "will provide a method to
ensure someone who embezzles taxpayer money can be held accountable by our
courts for paying it back."

Christian County County Prosecuting Attorney Amy Fite, who is president of the
Missouri Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, said in a statement that the bill
would allow the prosecution of "crimes that in many cases would otherwise go
unpunished due to a lack of resources or remedies available under current law."

Galloway was in Clayton to discuss the bill with St. Louis County Prosecuting
Attorney Robert McCulloch. Among others attending were St. Charles County
Prosecuting Attorney Tim Lohmar, St. Louis County Police Chief Jon Belmar and
Jason Lamb from the Missouri Association of Prosecuting Attorneys.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Missouri Auditor Nicole Galloway  Missouri state Sen. Bob Dixon,
R-Springfield, participates in a forum Tuesday, Nov. 3, 2015, in Jefferson City,
Mo. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 25, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Misconduct claimed in bid for reversal;
Ex-con faults lawyer, U.S. attorney's office

BYLINE: By Dan Herbeck - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 697 words


An ex-convict from Cheektowaga has accused the U.S. attorney's office of
misconduct in a case involving ethical violations that led to state discipline
of his attorney.

T'Challo Radford, 38, claims his imprisonment resulted from improper aid that
his attorney provided to a federal prosecutor.

Radford, who was found guilty in April 2000 of 13 felony charges involving bank
and wire fraud, has asked a federal judge to overturn his convictions because of
ethical misconduct by Alan D. Goldstein, his attorney at the time.

While blaming one's attorney after a conviction is not unusual in Buffalo, a
panel of state judges also found fault with Goldstein's conduct.

Goldstein, who handled some major criminal cases in Buffalo in the 1990s, was
disciplined last year after a state investigation into a series of misconduct
allegations involving his dealings with clients.

The judges found that Goldstein, who retired from practicing law and moved out
of state more than a year ago, violated 11 rules of attorney conduct.

Even though he has retired, the judges suspended his right to practice law for
at least a year and ordered him to make restitution to several clients.

According to a ruling issued by the Fourth Judicial Department of the State
Appellate Court, Goldstein was suspended for the following infractions:

Misappropriating an unspecified amount of cash from clients.

Accepting fees from a client to start a civil lawsuit and then failing to file
the lawsuit and giving the client false information about the status of the
case.

Receiving $5,000 cash from the family of a criminal client to give to a
bondsman, failing to count the cash and then getting a receipt for $3,260 from
the bondsman.

Jeopardizing the defense of a federal court client by allowing an associate in
his law firm to represent an accused co-conspirator in the same case. The
co-conspirator made a deal to provide information to federal prosecutors, which
helped them convict Goldstein's client -- Radford.

Radford, who spent 51/2 years in prison before he was released in late 2005, has
filed complaints in federal court against Goldstein and the U.S. attorney's
office.

After a lengthy Secret Service investigation, Radford was convicted of running
fraudulent schemes out of a Fillmore Avenue office in Buffalo, where he also ran
a basketball league for inner-city youngsters.

"Mr. Goldstein sold me out, and I believe several federal prosecutors knew he
had a conflict of interest," Radford said in an interview.

Goldstein, who is in his 60s and reportedly living in Florida, could not be
reached to comment.

A decade ago, he was a well-known criminal attorney with a busy practice in
state and federal courts, where he specialized in drug cases.

His most-publicized case was that of Darryl "Reese" Johnson, a violent enforcer
for the LA Boys drug gang. At Johnson's sentencing in 1995, a federal prosecutor
called Johnson "the most dangerous criminal in the history of Buffalo."

Johnson was sentenced to eight life terms in federal prison -- believed to be
the longest prison sentence ever imposed in Western New York -- after admitting
to three murders, 17 attempted murders and many other crimes.

Attorney Joel L. Daniels, who represented Goldstein in his disciplinary case,
said Goldstein made mistakes because he was overburdened and wasn't paying
attention to details.

"[Goldstein] had a very busy practice; there were many demands on his time. That
is no excuse," Daniels said.

Daniels maintained that Goldstein never intended to harm Radford or any of his
other clients.

Acting U.S. Attorney Kathleen M. Mehltretter said her office is contesting
Radford's allegations of wrongdoing by prosecutors, but she declined to comment
further.

Marc S. Gromis, the lead prosecutor in Radford's case and chief of federal
white-collar crime prosecutions in Buffalo, retired from the office at age 45 in
2002. Mehltretter said Gromis' retirement was not connected to the Radford case.

Gromis, who no longer practices law, had no comment on Radford's allegations.

"I haven't seen his complaint. I haven't been contacted by the Justice
Department about it, so I'm not going to talk about it," he said.

e-mail: dherbeck@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Salem News (Beverly, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

AG probing allegations of mortgage misconduct

BYLINE: Julie Manganis, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


July 26--SALEM -- Attorney General Martha Coakley has told registers of deeds
around the state that she is investigating potential misconduct by mortgage
lenders, responding to complaints about questionable documents and other
concerns.

Coakley also told registers, in a letter yesterday, that she will not be a party
to any proposed settlement between major lenders and the states that absolves
the banks of liability for the misconduct.

"I'm delighted," said South Essex Register of Deeds John O'Brien, who has been
pushing for such an investigation since last fall, when he began discovering
fraudulent records being filed at the Salem registry. "I thought all along that
this day would come."

Last month, he called on Coakley to join her counterpart in New York and refuse
to take part in any discussion of a settlement until the full scope of the
alleged fraud could be determined.

Yesterday, Coakley, in the letter, voiced a similar view.

"We have made clear that Massachusetts will not sign on to any global agreement
with the banks if it includes a comprehensive liability release regarding
securitization and the MERS conduct," Coakley said, referring to Mortgage
Electronic Registration Systems, a company set up to process thousands of home
mortgages as they were bundled, bought and sold to investors, typically multiple
times.

"We strongly believe that these investigations must continue and responsible
parties must be held accountable in order to fully protect homeowners and return
to a healthy economy," Coakley said in the letter.

Coakley is looking at several areas, including banks' failure to establish the
right to start foreclosure proceedings, as well as the filing of false or
misleading documents at county registries.

Coakley told registers to expect requests for additional information within a
week or so.

MERS was set up as what O'Brien called an "off-the-books land registry," which
enabled banks to sell and resell bundles of mortgages to investors, without,
O'Brien and others say, properly recording each transfer of the mortgage. That
left homeowners in the dark as to who actually owned the mortgage on their home
at any given time.

On top of that, O'Brien and other registers have discovered that thousands of
documents that were filed by MERS on behalf of the lenders were "robo-signed" --
signed by low-wage employees of a business set up to process documents, rather
than by the bank officials that would normally be required to sign the
paperwork.

And each of those transactions should have been filed with the Registry of
Deeds, O'Brien said, but were not.

MERS has contended that they had the right to foreclose on behalf of mortgage
owners, a claim that has met with mixed results around the country.

The company has conceded, however, that documents were being signed by people
who had no authority to do so.

Earlier this year, O'Brien began rejecting filings bearing the signatures of
known "robo-signers," with names like Linda Green.

In response, he said, banks almost immediately provided new paperwork with the
proper signatures. "To me, that's pleading guilty," O'Brien said.

Courts reporter Julie Manganis may be reached at 978-338-2521 or
jmanganis@salemnews.com

To see more of The Salem News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.salemnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110726-ZS-AG-probing-allegations-of-mortgage-misconduct-0726-20110726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2011 The Salem News

                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 3, 2007 Wednesday

Judge to rule on legality of open police hearings

BYLINE: By Thomas Peele, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 800 words


BERKELEY -- An Alameda County judge is expected to rule no later than
mid-February whether Berkeley's Police Review Commission can continue public
hearings on allegations of officer misconduct, a process that provides a rare
glimpse into how the government investigates abuse accusations.

The Berkeley commission and a similar body in Oakland stopped public hearings
after the state Supreme Court ruled in August that officer disciplinary records
are confidential, even when a government entity other than a police department
possesses them.

The San Francisco and Los Angeles police departments also halted public hearings
on misconduct allegations.

In nearly all California cities, such investigations are conducted in private.
Police personnel records are not public under state law.

The August ruling reinvigorated the Berkeley Police Association's four-year
legal effort to close the commission's hearings to the public. In November, the
association's lawyer asked Judge Winifred Smith to rule that the Supreme Court
decision closed the matter.

Berkeley's city attorney argued that because the city manager and police chief
-- not the commission -- mete out discipline, the public hearings should
continue.

"They are two completely segregated systems. The commission does not have
disciplinary authority," said the city attorney, Manuela Albuquerque. "The
process is very important to running our police department. It is a fact-finder
in a public setting."

In court papers, Alison Berry Wilkinson, attorney for the police union, said the
Supreme Court's decision means the review commission's records are subject to
the "confidentiality mandates" of state law.

"The reasoning extends to the misconduct investigation process at issue here,"
Wilkinson wrote in court papers. "Regardless of whether the investigation is
conducted by the police department or the Police Review Commission, it is being
conducted by the employing agency -- the city of Berkeley."

Wilkinson also represents the Oakland Police Association in its Supreme Court
appeal of two lower court rulings won by MediaNews that individual police
salaries are public records. Oral arguments in that case are expected to be
scheduled in 2007.

The Supreme Court decision "clarifies and strengthens" state laws passed to
protect police by making their records confidential, Wilkinson said.

Berkeley's argument that the review commission is separate from the disciplinary
process "is flawed," she said, because the chief and city manager can weigh the
commission's findings in making disciplinary decisions.

The board of directors of the California Newspaper Publishers Association has
approved seeking a member of the Legislature to author a bill that would make
public records of misconduct allegations that are sustained, said Tom Newton,
the association's general counsel.

Such a fight would be "uphill sledding" against powerful law enforcement unions
that have "gotten laws on the books that have been interpreted so narrowly by
the courts," Newton said.

"The public has an overriding interest in (access to) confirmed incidents of
misconduct," Newton said. "We hope we can convince the Legislature of that."

Berkeley's commission has conducted open reviews of complaints for 33 years.
Albuquerque said the process creates accountability for the department and the
city because officers know their conduct can be publicly reviewed.

"There is a constant feedback loop," she said. A ruling that the commission
cannot continue open meetings would mean that "you can't ask any questions in
public about what your police department is doing."

A former commission member said the public should be clamoring for reform.

"There has been a very real impact on public knowledge about what is going on in
police departments," said Mark Schlosberg, a former Berkeley commission member
who is police practices policy director for the American Civil Liberties Union,
Northern California.

"How can the public otherwise have confidence?" he said. "This is about public
access to information from independent investigations."

The August Supreme Court ruling involved a San Diego County sheriff's deputy who
was fired after failing to make an arrest in a domestic violence case that
involved an assault. The deputy appealed to the county Civil Service Commission,
but eventually agreed to resign in exchange for the most serious charges being
dropped.

The San Diego Union Tribune sought documents detailing the incident and the
officer's identity. It lost in Superior Court, but won an appeal. The Supreme
Court then took the case, ruling that even though the commission did not employ
the deputy, restrictions on access to records in the deputy's personnel file
extended to other government agencies, setting up the legal showdown between
Berkeley and its police union.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 23, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

SUSPENDED COP'S LAWYER ACCUSES CHIEF OF MISCONDUCT;
Spokane detective seeks dismissal of felony case;

BYLINE: Karen Dorn Steele Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1169 words


The attorney for a suspended Spokane police detective accused of felony
harassment for allegedly threatening to harm his estranged wife is accusing
Spokane's police chief of "governmental misconduct" in the case.

In new court documents, attorney Chris Bugbee, a former Spokane County deputy
prosecutor, says he'll ask the court to dismiss the charges at an Aug. 1 hearing
because Jay P. Mehring's right to a fair trial has been compromised. The
harassment charge is a Class C felony punishable by up to five years in prison
and a $10,000 fine.

The motion says Spokane Police Chief Anne Kirkpatrick has discouraged other
police officers from testifying on Mehring's behalf and may have violated city
personnel rules by immediately placing the drug detective on unpaid layoff
status without a hearing upon his arrest on March 30, 2007.

The arrest occurred while the Spokane Police Department was under a "firestorm
of scrutiny" over police misconduct, the motion says. It was the third
misconduct investigation into the actions of Kirkpatrick's officers in less than
three weeks.

It's likely that Kirkpatrick had no malice against Mehring, 40,  but her "zeal"
to deal with officer misconduct compromised his constitutional right to be tried
fairly, the motion says.

Kirkpatrick, in response to a request for comment on the new motion, e-mailed a
reply: "I am prepared to publicly air all his allegations in an open Court."

The state filed the charge against Mehring shortly after Lisa Ann Mehring sought
a restraining order. Mehring had moved out of the couple's home in November 2006
after filing for divorce, according to court records.

Mehring's case also has been affected by a new federal law prompted  by the
April 2003 murder-suicide involving Tacoma police Chief David Brame, who shot
his wife, Crystal, and then himself in a strip mall, according to the new
defense motion.

"The incident resulted in national legislation passed by Congress that required
law enforcement agencies ? to establish protocols in dealing with allegations of
officer-involved domestic violence," the motion says.

After being sworn in as Spokane's new police chief in September 2006,
Kirkpatrick moved quickly to discipline several officers for misconduct under
her new "You Lie, You Die" rule while the community pushed for a more effective
citizen oversight system, the motion says.

Mehring's nearly 13-year record as a Spokane police officer and drug detective
had been "spotless," and Kirkpatrick's "unilateral decision" to immediately
place him on unpaid layoff status "appears to have been in violation of Spokane
City policy," which calls for a personnel hearing before any action is taken,
the motion says.

In the weeks following Mehring's arrest, several police officers contacted
Bugbee to say that Sgt. David Overhoff, the officer who reported in an internal
memo Mehring's alleged threats to kill his wife, "was well known within the
department for exaggeration, pot-stirring and deception," the motion says.
Overhoff did not reply to a request for comment.

The officers initially agreed to talk about Overhoff's alleged reputation but
backed off, the motion says.

One officer, who is not named, said she changed her mind about providing
information on Overhoff after meeting with Kirkpatrick because she was told the
chief "would have no choice but to launch an internal affairs investigation
against any SPD officer who testified against the credibility of another SPD
officer during Detective Mehring's trial," the motion says.

That has had a chilling effect on Mehring's trial preparations, Bugbee says.

"Chief Kirkpatrick's conduct has irreversibly compromised counsel's ability to
investigate this case," the motion says.

In a declaration, Bugbee says Overhoff has consistently refused to be
interviewed. He notes it's the first time in his career where a law enforcement
officer who is a material witness in a criminal case has refused an interview.

Kirkpatrick also violated Mehring's so-called Garrity rights - the right not to
have a coerced statement used against him in trial - when she invited him to
give a voluntary statement for the department's Internal Affairs investigation
but said the statement could be used against him, according to the motion.

Chris Vick, a Seattle attorney who represents the Spokane Police Guild, also
objected to the process of obtaining the voluntary statement from Mehring,
according to the court documents.

In a May 29, 2007, letter to Kirkpatrick, Bugbee said he'd advised Mehring not
to provide the voluntary statement. He said Mehring had had a "heated argument"
with his wife during their divorce proceedings but had not threatened to kill
her or cause her physical harm. Instead of threatening to burn down their house,
as Overhoff reported, Mehring had said he'd "burn" her in bankruptcy because
they both would lose their house, Bugbee wrote.

Bugbee also told Kirkpatrick that Overhoff was "very close with Lisa Mehring"
and Overhoff and his wife had taken her side during the divorce.

In a memorandum accompanying his motion, Bugbee attached a stack of newspaper
articles about Kirkpatrick's efforts to make her department more accountable to
citizens while retaining her own powers to discipline individual officers.

Other documents include the March 26, 2007, memo from Overhoff to Spokane police
Maj.  Bruce Roberts reporting Mehring's alleged threats. Overhoff 's memo says
he ran into Jay Mehring at the gym, where Mehring allegedly told Overhoff the
divorce was going badly and threatened to "burn that bitch and her house down to
the ground."

Overhoff's memo  says he and his wife have been "close personal friends" of the
Mehrings for 16 years.

Some of the memos might illustrate  Lisa Mehring's attitude toward the conflicts
as she and her husband were  breaking up.

In an April 25, 2007, statement to the Spokane Regional Domestic Violence Unit,
Lisa Mehring said she felt "extremely safe" with Jay Mehring despite her request
a month earlier for a temporary restraining order.

"I believe that his comments to 'burn the house, etc.' made to me and Sgt. Dave
Overhoff were alarming, but it did not constitute domestic violence," she said,
adding that the threats were triggered by frustration over money disputes.

"I believe that Jay and I both are the victims of overzealous law enforcement
domestic violence laws and the legal system, and I will not be a part of it,"
Lisa Mehring said.

If the court denies his motion to dismiss the case, Bugbee will ask for a court
review of Police Department  internal investigative reports and other documents.
He also wants the court to order depositions of Overhoff and other Spokane
police officers.

Mehring's trial is scheduled for Sept. 8. Bugbee has subpoenaed Kirkpatrick for
the trial, along with other high-ranking law enforcement officials.

SIDEBAR:

On the Web: This story first appeared at spokesmanreview.com, where you can see
the defense motion to dismiss and other documents related to the Jay Mehring
case.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Reach Karen Dorn Steele at (509) 459-5462 or karend@spokesman.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                December 4, 2003

JACKO SWEEPS HIS TEDDIES FOR BUGS

BYLINE: Antonella Lazzeri in Los Angeles

LENGTH: 249 words


PARANOID Michael Jackson is having his teddy bears swept for listening devices.

He thinks cops put bugs in his cuddly toys when they searched his Neverland
ranch over child molesting allegations.

Jacko, 45, has told his trusted security staff to painstakingly check every toy
in his collection.

An insider said: "He ordered a sweep of the entire place.

"They're even running the teddy bears through radiofrequency sensors to see if
there might be transmitters inside them."

The fallen pop king refuses to stay at the ranch in California until it has been
thoroughly checked by experts. The source said Jacko trusts no one since he was
secretly filmed talking to his lawyer on a private jet as he flew from Las Vegas
for his humiliating arrest last month.

He now insists on meeting his legal team at his hideout in the gambling capital
to avoid conversations being overheard or taped.

The source added: "Michael won't even talk to his attorneys by phone."

Jackson (pictured right) faces ten years in jail if convicted on multiple
charges of molesting cancer sufferer Gavin Arvizo, 12. Media consultant Jim
Amaresco - called in by Jacko's high-profile lawyer Mark Geragos -said he
believed there could be bugs.

He added: "It wouldn't surprise me that the police, or a rogue cop, would place
a bug or two."

Sgt Chris Pappas, of Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department, said: "Those are
absurd allegations."

BBC won't show Jacko video - TV Biz, Page 25


LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2003 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                               September 1, 2003

Virginia State Bar Disciplinary Actions

BYLINE: Virginia Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1930  words


The following lawyers are ineligible to practice law in Virginia, because their
licenses were revoked by the Virginia State Bar Disciplinary Board on Aug. 21:

* John Kelly Dixon III of Richmond - License revoked with his consent, after the
board found he had not complied with terms of a five-year suspension imposed in
March.

* Lydell Lucius Fortune of Richmond - License revoked with his consent, based on
four pending misconduct matters.

* Timothy Herbert Louk of Richmond - License revoked with his consent, based on
misconduct in a divorce case and violation of a disciplinary rule that requires
bar members to maintain an accurate address of record with the VSB.

* William Ralph Palmer of Raleigh, N.C. - License revoked with his consent.
Palmer was facing a hearing on misconduct charges arising from his conviction of
embezzling client funds. He has been summarily suspended from practice in
Virginia since April 10, 2001.

* George Robert Leach of Williamsburg - License revoked after the board found he
had violated numerous disciplinary rules in his handling of a client's property
after the client's death. In an unrelated matter, Leach was publically
reprimanded by the board on Aug. 20, for his representation in a Chapter 13
bankruptcy case.

Details on the cases will be reported after the VSB publishes the opinions.

***

The license of Richmond lawyer George Elridge Leedom was suspended with his
agreement Aug. 18 by the VSB Disciplinary Board, based on a disability.

If the disability suspension is lifted, he could face discipline for misconduct
in nine pending cases.

According to the board's order, the cases establish a pattern of failing to
appear or arriving late to court, of not tending to cases, and of depositing
client fees into his operating account.

Leedom was taken off the court-appointed counsel list for Richmond Juvenile and
Domestic Relations Court, because of his failure to appear.

Leedom also had several scrapes with the law, including a drunken driving
conviction in Henrico County.

In 2001, he pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charges of trespass and destruction of
property in Richmond Circuit Court.

While he was on probation for those offenses, he was arrested for assaulting his
girlfriend, stealing her keys and cell phone, and making lewd and threatening
phone calls to her.

He was held in jail without bond in October 2001. During that time, he missed
hearing dates for court-appointed and paying clients, and he made no
arrangements for their cases to be covered.

Leedom reported that he had been in rehabilitation programs for alcohol and
cocaine abuse. He was referred by a Richmond J&DR judge to Lawyers Helping
Lawyers. On each occasion, he relapsed.

In December 2001, he arrived at a show-cause hearing on the probation violation
with alcohol on his breath. A breath test administered at the court indicated
his blood-alcohol content was three times the legal limit for driving. He
received additional jail time on the probation violation and other charges.

Leedom's suspension will be terminated only if the board is convinced that the
disability no longer exists, according to the plea agreement.

***

Charges that Alexandria lawyer Robert Edward Howard failed to comply with terms
of a plea bargain in a disciplinary case have been dismissed by the VSB
Disciplinary Board, due to lack of clear and convincing evidence.

However, in a rare dissent, two members of the panel wrote that they disagreed,
and they believed Howard's license should have been revoked.

Howard was suspended from practice for 60 days beginning April 1, 2002, after
the board found ethical violations in his work with Vietnamese clients. In the
plea agreement, he stipulated that he advertised that his firm "specialize[d]"
in immigration matters, when it did not.

He also acknowledged that he had failed to supervise a legal assistant who
collected fees from prospective clients, then failed to provide the appropriate
services to meet their immigration needs.

And he stipulated that he had written a bad check to an interpreter who had
worked for his client during a trial.

The plea agreement called for Howard to refund money to the victims of his
dishonest employee and take 12 hours of continuing legal education credits in
ethics, or face revocation.

On July 20, a panel of the disciplinary board heard charges that Howard had not
met his burden of certifying to the VSB that he had complied with the CLE
requirement.

He had taken 16 hours of CLE in ethics - 13 hours of which were courses approved
by the VSB - but he did not report his compliance to the disciplinary office by
the deadline set in the plea agreement. Instead, he sent some MCLE forms to the
bar's MCLE office.

Four disciplinary board members sat on the hearing panel - one short of the
usual complement of five. Howard waived his right to a five-member panel.

Two panelists - lawyers Joseph R. Lassiter Jr. of Norfolk and Henry P. Custis
Jr. of Accomac - concluded that the bar had not proven its case.

"The issue before this panel is whether Respondent substantially complied with
the agreed terms set forth in the Order of Suspension, and if so whether
substantial compliance is sufficient to avoid imposition of the alterative
sanction - revocation of Respondent's license to practice law," Lassiter wrote.

"The Dissent filed herein correctly assumes that one might consider the sanction
of revocation to be too Draconian a remedy to impose against someone who has in
a timely manner completed the ethics courses he has been required to attend, but
has simply failed to report his attendance in the manner specified in the Order.
"

The dissent, written by Alexandria lawyer Peter A. Dingman, and joined by lay
member Thaddeus T. Crump, took a different view of the matter.

Howard failed to show good cause why his license should not be revoked, Dingman
argued.

He pointed to the underlying case. "The facts stipulated to show these
violations involved the payment, by non-English speaking clients drawn to
Respondent's law office by misleading advertisements in newspapers published in
their native languages, of thousands of dollars in legal fees for inapplicable
and inappropriate immigration procedures; and the theft of $4,000 from one
client by the unsupervised staff member," Dingman wrote.

"In another case, Respondent failed to pay a translator's bill. A judgment was
obtained, but was released on Respondent's assurance of payment. Respondent then
tendered a worthless check, which, despite correspondence demanding payment, was
made good only after a criminal warrant issued for Respondent's arrest. "

The plea agreement clearly stated that if Howard failed to comply with "any" of
the terms, the disciplinary board would revoke his license, Dingman wrote.

"The Respondent did not comply with all the terms. " Although the process for
certifying compliance and the forms to be used were specified in the agreement,
"Respondent chose not to comply," Dingman wrote.

"Respondent did not ... offer any acceptable explanation as to why he did not
send the requisite forms to [the VSB prosecutor] either by the date set in the
agreed order, by the date specified in the June reminder letter, nor on any date
prior to the date set to show cause why his license should not be revoked.

"Under oath, Respondent stated that he just did not think that strict compliance
was that important. "

Dingman continued, "I believe that the Board previously reviewed the admitted
conduct of Respondent involving criminal conduct, fraud on vulnerable clients
and dereliction of responsibility contributing to theft from one of those
clients, and found revocation to be an appropriate sanction for that conduct. "

The board's decision to dismiss the failure-to-comply charge "could give the
impression that strict compliance with the terms of an alternative lesser
sanction is not necessary. It might also be misread as suggesting that a show
cause hearing is an invitation to revisit the terms of the Board's proper
disposition of a matter," Dingman wrote.

***

The license of Falls Church lawyer Raymond William Konan was revoked because of
a series of misrepresentations, frivolous motions and incompetence in cases
involving lawsuits against foreign-language newspapers and journalists.

In one case in 1997, Konan defended a journalist whose article in Izvestia
allegedly defamed the plaintiff, according to the VSB Disciplinary Board order.
Even after his client had been dismissed from the case, he continued to file
motions. He also countersued the plaintiff, alleging malicious prosecution,
among other things.

The other case involved a 1996 libel action against the Urdu Times, a U.S.
newspaper written in a language spoken in Pakistan and northern India. That case
was dismissed by one Arlington judge on Konan's motion, but the question of
attorney's fees was reserved for later consideration.

Konan's motion for fees was heard by another Arlington judge, who denied the
motion but entered no order.

Konan then took his motion to the first judge, who granted it. When Konan tried
to collect the fees, the opposing counsel moved to vacate the first judge's
order and enter the order of the judge who had denied the fees, on the basis of
a clerical error. That motion was successful.

Konan then appealed to the Supreme Court of Virginia, claiming that the judge
who had granted the order lacked jurisdiction to set it aside. The high court
declined to do so, and noted that it was troubled by the position Konan had
taken before the judge who approved the fees.

The VSB disciplinary board found that, in the Urdu Times case, Konan should have
known that the order for attorney's fees had been entered in error. He had not
provided for endorsement of the sketch order by plaintiff's counsel, nor a
recitation in the order that the court was dispensing with endorsement, under
the Supreme Court Rules.

By not revealing the rejection of attorney's fees by the second judge, Konan
engaged in unethical conduct, the board found. When asked by a Supreme Court
justice whether he owed a duty of candor to the first judge, Konan replied that
his duty was to his client.

The board called Konan's conduct "egregious. "

In the Izvestia case, Konan violated rules "by his pattern and practice of
forging ahead with positions that were not well based in law or fact," the board
found.

After his client had been dismissed from the case, he appeared at trial and
asked to participate as an amicus curiae. His brief in support of that motion
cited to the Supreme Court rule that controls amicus curiae in the Supreme
Court, instead of circuit court. "Mr. Konan then resorted to arguing that there
was no authority that established he could not request the trial court's
permission to appear as an amicus curiae. "

In another motion in the case, Konan falsely claimed that the plaintiff had
violated a court order - "[A]nother example of Mr. Konan engaging in wrongful
conduct by playing fast and loose with the truth," the board concluded.

"It was the totality of the evidence ... that persuaded the Board that Mr. Konan
had engaged in a pattern and practice of ill founded and vexatious litigation,
and that he did not consider himself bound by any duty of truthfulness," the
board wrote.

Konan previously had been publically reprimanded for similar conduct, and he had
a private reprimand on his record also. The Board voted on June 27 to revoke,
"feeling that he was a danger to the integrity of the legal system in Virginia.
"

Konan asked the disciplinary board to reconsider, but the board denied the
motion. That order was published by the VSB on Aug. 6.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        May 31, 2002 Friday Home Edition

Pennington named Atlanta's top cop ;
Mayor says new chief's vision 'will serve us well'

BYLINE: ERNIE SUGGS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1039 words


The man credited with turning around the New Orleans Police Department will now
try to work his magic in Atlanta.

Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin ended her five-month search Thursday when she
named Richard Pennington to replace Chief Beverly Harvard, who served for the
past eight years and did not seek to retain the position.

"Richard Pennington had a vision of a police department in New Orleans which I
believe will serve us well," Franklin said. "A professional department, a
well-managed department, a well-trained department, a well-compensated
department, a well-equipped department, a department for whom there would be no
question about the integrity of the operation."

Under Harvard's leadership, the department was awash in controversy, stemming
from a lack of morale caused by poor pay, staffing and leadership.

When Pennington arrived in New Orleans in 1994, the department reeked of
corruption. Under his tenure, more than 350 police officers were indicted, fired
or disciplined for misconduct. New Orleans was also considered the murder
capital of America, logging 425 in 1994. That number was down to 159 by 1999,
the same year FBI statistics showed that New Orleans had the sharpest crime
reduction rate of any of the 34 biggest cities.

"We had the worst police department in the country and now we have one of the
best. We went from being ridiculed, to being a model for reform," said
Pennington's former boss, former New Orleans Mayor Marc Morial.

Pennington, 55, said he will soon put together a 100-day plan to address issues
within the Atlanta department. He said he doesn't want to make a blanket
statement about how he can fix anything until he figures out what is broken.

However, he did mention a few programs he would like to see in place. They
include:

* Increasing pay.

Pennington said that he will immediately begin lobbying City Council members to
increase the standard pay for police officers --- despite the city's ongoing
budget woes.

"It is important to raise the officers' pay," Pennington said. "If you don't
they start to leave and go elsewhere. We will lose them."

In 1996, Pennington started a police foundation in New Orleans that raised more
than $1 million to supplement the department. The foundation offered educational
grants to senior officers to study law enforcement at high-profile programs,
purchased bulletproof vests and paid for an aggressive recruiting campaign.

"And they stood right beside me when I lobbied for better pay," Pennington said
of foundation board members.

Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard said the city needs money to pay and
equip officers to police the streets and to hire more detectives.

"We have a police force that is anxious to do a good job. They just don't have
the resources," Howard said. "Law enforcement has to be uniquely important. You
have to pay for it."

* Better recruiting.

Atlanta's Police Department is about 400 officers short. Pennington said that
through aggressive recruiting and training, he was able to hire 500 police
officers in a two-year span.

"We have to reach out and attract good men and women," said Pennington. "I plan
to do that."

Chip Warren, an Atlanta police officer and national vice president of the
International Brotherhood of Police Officers, called the Police Department
"extremely short of people."

"We have become a reactionary force."

To combat the officer shortage and to create a sense of safety, many communities
in Atlanta have created their own private security forces. Randal Lautzenheiser,
who serves on the Midtown neighborhood planning unit, said his neighborhood is
considering the move.

"Our police force has been understaffed and underpaid for so long, I don't know
what it's like to have a fully staffed police force," said Lautzenheiser, who
lives in Ansley Park. "When you call 911, it takes forever for somebody to get
there. I'm hoping that will improve."

* A standard disciplinary chart, under which officers would be reprimanded based
on a uniform code of conduct and discipline.

Officers have complained that the severity of internal justice handed down was
based on who was being disciplined and on which side of the fence his political
allegiances were.

"Everybody deserves equal treatment, and one good thing about coming in from the
outside is that you don't have any allegiances to any group," said Pennington.

He added that he is also considering community policing and substations in
housing projects and using computers to track crime trends so officers can be
dispatched to identified hot spots.

Franklin's recommendation of Pennington will go to the council Monday.

Pennington will make $157,000 a year. That salary is $2,000 more than he made in
New Orleans and $44,000 more than Harvard has made. Franklin is also proposing
to the council to offer Pennington a contract that would extend about 30 days
past her term.

Isaiah Mapp, special agent in charge of the U.S. Secret Service office in
Atlanta, said Pennington was a fine choice. Ironically, Mapp, one of the five
finalists for the job, actually recommended Pennington, before he himself was
nominated for the position. The two worked together in 1997, when Mapp was head
of the Secret Service in New Orleans.

"I know him professionally and personally. He did an outstanding job of forging
relationships," said Mapp. "He has done a lot of good work in New Orleans and I
see him doing an outstanding job in turning the Atlanta Police Department into
the premier agency that it can be."

Pennington was one of two finalists for the position. The other finalist, Andre
Parker, assistant deputy director of the Illinois State Police, was informed by
Franklin on Thursday morning that she was going with Pennington.

"As you can imagine, those types of calls are not easy to make. She didn't say
why, and I didn't ask," said a disappointed Parker. "Once the decision is made,
it is not important."

The other finalists were Terrance Gainer, executive assistant chief of the
Washington Metropolitan Police Department, and Manuel Vasquez, chief of police
and safety services for the Dallas Independent School District.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Richard Pennington will be paid $157,000 a year as Atlanta
police chief, $44,000 more than Chief Beverly Harvard.  / LOUIE FAVORITE /
Staff; Photo: Mayor Shirley Franklin leads Richard and Rene Pennington to the
City Hall news conference where she announced he would become the city's new
police chief. / JOHN SPINK / Staff

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 22, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Tough Cops, Thin Skin

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 334 words


A common thread connects the most severe examples of police brutality, such as
the Abner Louima case, to garden-variety police harassment. Most of the time,
police abuse starts when an officer feels that his or her authority has been
challenged. In reviewing dozens of cases of police misconduct, two Times
reporters, Deborah Sontag and Dan Barry, found that wrongful arrests,
strip-searches and even beatings can be triggered by talking back to an officer,
asking for a badge number or merely inquiring why.

In many cases there is no threat at all to the officer's safety. Instead the
motivating factor seems to be the officer's need to show who's boss. In a city
where residents are prone to mouthing off, there is the risk that impolite
comments will provoke police abuse.

The New York Police Academy supposedly trains officers to brush off
disrespectful attitudes from citizens and suspects, but such training clearly is
not absorbed by all members of the force. Between 1993 and 1996, the number of
misconduct and excessive-force complaints increased from 3,956 to 5,596, though
that trend now appears to be falling. Failure to rein in police aggression
exacts millions of dollars in damage judgments against the city and a huge cost
in public trust. In many cases, the officer hauls in an insufficiently pliant
individual for resisting arrest and disorderly conduct. The charges are later
dropped, and the individual goes on to win a big award in court.

Fear for their own safety no doubt contributes to overreaction in some officers.
But intelligent training should enable most to defuse contentious situations
instead of inflaming them. The Police Department's year-old
Courtesy-Professionalism-Respect program seeks to improve interactions with the
community. But that may not help officers who have problems controlling anger.
Too often they are allowed to remain on the force even though an officer who
cannot tolerate an irreverent citizen has no business being in the job.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 27, 2000, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BUSINESS MISCONDUCT SHOULD BE PUNISHED

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B2

LENGTH: 706 words


HOW many injuries or deaths might have been avoided had Bridgestone/Firestone
acted immediately to safeguard the public when it became aware of the potential
danger of several types of tires produced by nonunion replacement workers at its
Decatur, Ill., factory?

Too often, the CEOs of American industry put corporate profit ahead of public
safety. In this case, apparently, the tire company, with a management
insensitive to safety-oriented quality control, tried to keep the profit machine
humming during a strike by using inexperienced nonunion replacement workers.
When it had indications that the products of this union-busting pursuit of
profits at any cost were dangerously defective, it did nothing. The result has
been devastatingly tragic.

What compounds the tragedy is when corporate giants like Bridgestone/Firestone
spend tens of millions of dollars lobbying for corporate welfare in the guise of
"legal reform" in order to deprive citizens of their legal rights, avoid
responsibility for their misconduct and shift the costs of the deaths and
injuries they cause to the victims of their negligence and to every taxpayer.

Sometimes corporate misconduct provides the best arguments against corporate
pleas for special protection from the people they harm. And sometimes the
misconduct is so egregious that it cries out for criminal sanctions or, at
least, the severe punishment of the punitive damages corporations so fear.

The efforts of Ford Motor Co. are noteworthy under these circumstances.
Responsible corporate behavior is commendable in cases like this. Taking away
the power of juries to punish less responsible behavior is not.

B. Michael Korte

President

Missouri Association of Trial Attorneys

St. Louis County

===

THE latest attack on sport utility vehicles, associated with tire failure, is
part of a bigger problem. These powerful SUVs are advertised primarily as just
the thing for rough off-the-road terrains. It is questionable whether SUVs were
designed to maneuver safely at high speeds on our highways.

Because SUVs have four-wheel drives, many people are encouraged to drive them
like sports cars that have a very low center of gravity. In the past, Consumer
Reports has identified the unsafe characteristics of some SUVs. And newspapers
have reported serious accidents involving SUVs.

One solution would be to ban SUVs from highways or limit their speed. But
controlling their speed is probably a losing battle, because many states have
been unsuccessful in enforcing the lower speed limit for certain other vehicles.
Besides, targeting SUVs doesn't seem fair.

I am not against SUVs. My daughter has one, but she does not drive it like a
sports car. I just wish SUVs were a little safer. A better overall solution is
to require all four-wheel drive vehicles to have a center of gravity or
stability requirement that is deemed safe.

Since most vans and mini-vans are not four-wheel drive vehicles, the desire to
drive them like a sports car is diminished. Sports utility vehicles and other
four-wheel drive vehicles must be controlled or redesigned to save lives. Ralph
Nader, where are you when we need you?

Howard B. Baltz

Town and Country

===

Russian sub is lost

THE loss of the Russian submarine Kursk is tragic indeed. Our sympathies to the
survivors. The coverage in the Post-Dispatch has been excellent and brings
troubling questions to mind.

How ironic it is that the Russians undertake to operate such fearsome weapons,
but lack the deep-dive capability to effect a rescue. The Norwegians showed
professionalism in deploying divers and immediately determining that the hull
was entirely flooded and all hands lost.

People who operate automobiles are supposed to carry insurance. Russia operates
nuclear submarines without basic abilities to rescue its own sailors in distress
in relatively shallow waters. How sad and ironic that Ivan is now calling for
international financial aid to raise the wreck and dismantle its still dangerous
reactors! Just who were the Russians targeting with those Oscar II class
submarines?

And poor Uncle Sam. He just can't say nyet!

Tim Malacarne

Venedy, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 16, 1999, Friday, Home Edition

Broken jawbone sidelines Roenick

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 407 words

Jeremy Roenick, the Phoenix Coyotes' leading scorer, underwent surgery Thursday
to repair a shattered jaw that likely will sideline him for the playoffs.

Just before Derian Hatcher of Dallas shattered Roenick's jaw, Stars defenseman
Craig Ludwig broke Roenick's right thumb by slashing his hand with a stick, the
Phoenix Coyotes alleged.

''I asked the league to review the slash on his hand as well, which --- absent
the broken jaw --- the broken thumb would have kept Jeremy out for three to four
weeks,'' general manager Bobby Smith said before the St. Louis Blues-Coyotes
game.

In a March 23 game in Phoenix, Roenick knocked Mike Modano, Dallas' leading
scorer, out of the game with a hit in the first period. Roenick was ejected for
boarding and game misconduct, but wasn't suspended. That incident left the Stars
fuming.

Hatcher, who received a five-minute boarding penalty and a game misconduct on
the play, had said before Wednesday's game that the hit against Modano ''would
be in the back of my mind.''

Thursday's games

Bruins 4, Penguins 2: Anson Carter scored two goals and Jason Allison had a goal
and two assists as Boston won at home. Boston moved into a sixth-place tie with
Buffalo in the Eastern Conference playoff race. The teams will meet Saturday in
Boston.

The win was Boston's sixth in their past seven games. They have won four in a
row at home.


Blackhawks 4, Predators 2: In Chicago, Alex Zhamnov scored his 20th goal of the
season at 8:33 of the third snapping a 2-2 tie and lifting the Blackhawks to
their fifth consecutive victory.

Tony Amonte dumped his 43th goal of the season into an empty net with one second
remaining.

Rangers 2, Senators 2: Brian Leach and Adam Graves scored as visiting New York
tied Ottawa.

Briefly . . .

Sean Hill, one of the top defenseman for Carolina, will miss at least the first
round of the Stanley Cup playoffs with multiple fractures to his face sustained
when he was hit by a puck. . . . Nashville center Sebastien Bordeleau underwent
surgery for a cracked vertebra. Doctors didn't know how long he would be off the
ice. . . . Philadelphia Flyers forward Mark Recchi, given a scare by his second
injury in three weeks, will undergo post- concussion tests today to determine
when he can return to the ice. . . . Tampa Bay defenseman Kjell Samuelsson said
he'll retire following tonight's game against Carolina, ending his 14-year NHL
career.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
A little help: Andres Eriksson (8) helps goalie Jocelyn Thibault clear the puck.
/ FRED JEWELL / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

BYLINE: Steven Spearie Correspondent

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 485 words


Most Reverend Daniel Ryan, who served as bishop of the Springfield Catholic
Diocese for 15 years but abruptly resigned in 1999, died Thursday in Naperville.
He was 85.

Ryan died at Sunrise of Naperville North, an assisted-living facility, said a
source in the Springfield diocese who didn't want to go on the record. Ryan, who
was bishop emeritus of the diocese, had been under hospice care.

His death was confirmed by several sources, including by Marlene Mulford, a
spokeswoman for the Springfield diocese.

An independent investigative report in 2006 stated that Ryan fostered "a culture
of secrecy" in the diocese that discouraged priests from coming forward with
information about sexual misconduct by other priests in the diocese, which
covers 28 counties in central Illinois. Personally plagued by sexual abuse
allegations, some masses that Ryan celebrated around the diocese were picketed,
though Ryan was never charged or prosecuted.

The 2006 report, authored by Springfield attorney and former state's attorney
and federal attorney Bill Roberts, said Ryan "engaged in sexual misconduct with
adults and used his authority to conceal this misconduct."

That report was put into motion by Ryan's successor, Bishop George Lucas, who is
now the archbishop of the Omaha, Nebraska, diocese.

Ryan continued to serve in an official capacity as as auxiliary bishop in the
Joliet Diocese, where he served as chancellor, vicar general and auxiliary
bishop before being named to replace Bishop Joseph A. McNicholas as bishop in
Springfield in 1983. Ryan later suspended his public duties in 2004.

In 1986, Ryan, a native of Mankato, Minnesota, publicly acknowledged his
treatment for alcoholism.

In a statement released by the Springfield diocese that was mostly biographical
and didn't mention the controversy surrounding Ryan, current Springfield diocese
bishop Thomas John Paprocki said "we commend (Ryan) to the mercy of God."

Some remembered his pastoral approach and affability. Donning an apron, Ryan
served dinners to the homeless on Thanksgiving and Christmas at St. John's
Breadline.

There were no immediate plans for a funeral Mass. Ryan donated his body to
science, a source confirmed.

Ryan briefly attended Cathedral Boys High School (later Griffin High School and
now Sacred Heart-Griffin High School) before entering the Passionist Prepartory
Seminary in St. Louis.

He attended St. Procopius Seminary in Lisle, where he earned a bachelor of arts
degree. Ryan was ordained a priest in 1956.

Ryan completed his postgraduate studies at the Pontifical Lateran University in
Rome, where he earned a license in canon, or church, law.

Ryan served in several parishes in the Joliet diocese before serving in a number
of administrative roles.

He was installed as Springfield's seventh bishop in early 1984.

-- Contact Steven Spearie:  spearie@hotmail.com, twitter.com@StevenSpearie,
facebook.com/steven.spearie.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Winterhaven CHP officer being investigated for alleged sexual misconduct

BYLINE: James Gilbert, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 275 words


Oct. 12--The highest-ranking officer at the California Highway Patrol's office
in Winterhaven has been accused of sexual misconduct against two young girls.

Prosecutors with the Imperial County District Attorney's Office are currently
reviewing allegations made against Lt. John Swaim, according to Lt. George
Moreno with CHP's Public Affairs Office in El Centro.

Moreno added that he could not speculate about how long it might take for them
to decide whether charges will be filed.

"These are only allegations now. Charges have not been filed yet," said Sgt.
Steve Lopez with the CHP's Border Division. "We are waiting to see what the
District Attorney's Office is going to do."

According to Moreno, in August two girls, now ages 16 and 19, raised concerns
claiming that Swaim had committed some type of sexual misconduct against them
when they were children.

Moreno said that as the investigation unfolded several more witnesses and
alleged prior victims were discovered and interviewed. He said the girls claim
the alleged misconduct began about 10 years ago, when they were 7 or 8 years
old, but some allegations have occurred since then.

Although he could not comment on the nature of the allegations, Lopez said CHP
is conducting its own internal investigation. He confirmed that Swaim has not
been put on leave and is still working.

"CHP wants to ensure the public that were are taking the allegations seriously
and are currently looking into the matter," Lopez said.

James Gilbert can be reached at jgilbert@yumasun.com or 539-6854.

___ (c)2011 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111012-YZ-Winterhaven-CHP-officer-being-investigated-for-alleged-sexual-
misconduct-1012-20111012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2011 The Sun

                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                               September 3, 2007

R.I. District Court Case Summaries: September 3, 2007

BYLINE: Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464  words


Unemployment compensation

Misconduct - E-mail

Where an employee of a temporary staffing agency was discharged from her
assignment with the Rhode Island Department of Health, she was properly awarded
unemployment benefits based on a lack of sufficient evidence that she was fired
for committing misconduct.

"... The only evidence of misconduct presented before the Referee was a fax
cover sheet sent by a representative of the Department of Health claiming that
Claimant violated the e-mail policy. The claimant's testimony before the Referee
refuted this allegation. ... No one from the Department of Health testified at
the hearing before the Referee, or before the Board, concerning Claimant's
violation of the E-mail Policy. In addition, no further evidence, or examples,
of misconduct were introduced at the hearing before the Referee regarding
Claimant's discharge. Both the Referee and the Board determined that the
evidence offered at the Hearing before the Referee was insufficient to prove
misconduct under Sect. 22-44-18. ...

"At the hearing before the Board the Employer offered additional evidence of
Claimant's misconduct in the form of copies of e-mails sent by Claimant while
she was working at the Department of Health. These copies contained only e-mails
sent by Claimant during a partial period of her employment at the Department of
Health. Notably, the latest e-mail was dated July 10, more than two months prior
to Claimant's discharge for violating the E-mail Policy. In addition, because
the e-mail copies only included e-mails sent by Claimant, there was some
confusion as to whether all the e-mails were personal in nature or business
related. ... Furthermore, the Claimant testified that any personal e-mails that
she sent were sent during her break time, which she believed was acceptable
under the E-mail Policy. ... Claimant further testified that she was never
warned against sending e-mails during her personal time and that doing such was
common practice among other employees of the Department of Health. ... The
record of this matter does not indicate any warnings given to the claimant that
her conduct would be 'erosive of (her) employment status. ' ... "

Rhode Island Temps, Inc. v. Director, Rhode Island Department of Labor and
Training, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 63-013-07) (8 pages) (Cenerini, J.)
(Providence District Court) (A.A. No. 2007-49) (Aug. 7, 2007).

Appeal - Timeliness

Where a claimant was informed on Aug. 10, 2006 that his application for
unemployment benefits was denied, his filing of an appeal on Nov. 8, 2006 was
untimely and thus the appeal must be dismissed.

Lariccia v. Department of Labor and Training, Board of Review (Lawyers Weekly
No. 63-014-07) (6 pages) (Higgins, J.) (Providence District Court) (A.A. 07-11)
(Aug. 2, 2007).

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 14, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Tougher penalties for abuses can protect the innocent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 693 words

Today's debate: Judicial system misconduct

Our view: Pressure to solve crimes produces too many wrongful convictions.

The scene in a dusty courthouse parking lot in Texas last month was a climax to
a real-life nightmare that haunts the nation's criminal justice system: Twelve
men and women stood dazed in a sea of well-wishers, freed after serving as many
as four years in prison on bogus drug-selling charges.

In all, 38 people in the town of Tulia were railroaded on the testimony of an
undercover investigator now found to have lied repeatedly on the witness stand.
A special investigation ordered by a Texas appeals court determined that the
district attorney knew the cop was lying -- and did nothing about it.


The miscarriage of justice in Tulia was so outrageous, it might seem an
aberration. Yet similar tales of blatant injustice surface with troubling
frequency across the USA. Newly compiled reports indicate that thousands of
people have been wrongly incarcerated over the years because of rogue cops,
shabby lab work and overzealous prosecutors.

Such abuses of the judicial system are allowed to continue because those who
commit them are rarely punished harshly. So long as that behavior is tolerated,
the number of criminal prosecutions that undermine an individual's
constitutional right to a fair trial will remain unacceptably high.

Consider recent findings:

 * Texas' regional narcotics task forces have been hit with 15 scandals in the
past five years. They include witness tampering, fabricating evidence and other
illegal efforts to score convictions. Cases of renegade cops and investigators
involved in everything from faked burglaries to cover-ups of police shootings
have been uncovered in recent years from California to New York.

 * A June 26 nationwide study by the Center for Public Integrity, an ethics
watchdog, found more than 2,000 cases over the past three decades in which
convictions were overturned or reduced because of abuses by state and local
prosecutors.

 * The Innocence Project, which uses DNA testing to try to overturn dubious
convictions, found that 34 of the first 70 defendants it cleared had been
victimized by prosecutorial misconduct.

 * Within the past year, crime labs in Florida, Arizona and Texas have been
exposed for issuing false reports on DNA, blood samples and other critical
evidence. Wrongful convictions in rape and murder cases have been overturned as
a result.

Prosecutors say defendants receive fair trials in the vast majority of criminal
cases. Even so, the documented cases involving mistakes or misconduct are still
too common. That's because officials sworn to uphold the law can succumb too
easily to public pressure to solve crimes without ensuring they have found the
actual culprits.

Several modest steps can help guarantee fair trials for all. States, for
example, can set higher performance standards for crime labs, a reform they have
resisted so far because of the added costs for training and equipment. The
immediate ouster of prosecutors who engage in misconduct is a tougher sanction
than what most now face: the next election. And overcoming police union
resistance to harsh punishment is necessary when cops abuse their powers.

Failure to curb such injustices risks corroding public trust in the legal
system. Those who violate that charge -- not the people they wrongly convict --
deserve tough sentences.



Prosecutors found guilty

A new study found prosecutors engaged in misconduct in about 2,000 cases since
1970, some involving innocent people sentenced to death. Examples of the abuses:


* Introducing inadmissible or inflammatory evidence.

* Mischaracterizing evidence or facts.

* Hiding, destroying or tampering with evidence, case files or court records.

* Failing to disclose evidence that might exonerate defendants.

* Threatening, badgering or tampering with witnesses.

* Making inappropriate comments in front of a jury.

* Making improper closing arguments.

Source: "Harmful Error," a June 26 report by the Center for Public Integrity

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Fayetteville FireAntz beat Huntsville in OT on Tamblyn's goal

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 412 words


Dec. 13--HUNTSVILLE, Ala. -- Corey Tamblyn's second goal of the season came with
26 seconds left in overtime to give Fayetteville a 2-1 win over Huntsville on
Friday night.

Fayetteville improved to 5-6-4 in Southern Professional Hockey League play.
Huntsville slipped to 3-8-3. The teams have a rematch in Fayetteville on
Saturday at 7:30 p.m.

Tamblyn's score, on assists by Jan Safar and Trever Hertz, provided goalie Sean
Bonar a victory in his first start for the team. Bonar, who was added last week
after being released by Indianapolis (ECHL), stopped 41 shots in winning for the
first time as a pro. The rookie from Princeton was 0-2 with the Fuel.

Huntsville took the early lead 4 minutes into the first period on Luke Greiner's
goal. Fayetteville tied the score at 14:27 as Brad Drobot scored his first pro
goal on assists by Corey Toy and Tamblyn.

FireAntz 2, Havoc 1 (OT)

Fayetteville    1-0-0-1 -- 2

Huntsville       1-0-0-1 -- 1

First period -- 1, Huntsville, Greiner 1 (Johnstone), 4:00; 2, Fayetteville,
Drobot 1 (Toy, Tamblyn), 14:27. Penalties -- Fayetteville, Sheldrake (fighting,
unsportsmanlike conduct), 13:52; Huntsville, Bellamy (fighting, unsportsmanlike
conduct), 13:52; Huntsville, Greiner (hooking), 17:32; Fayetteville, Tamblyn
(tripping), 18:14.

Second period -- None. Penalties -- Fayetteville, Sheldrake (slashing), 4:44.

Third period -- None. Penalties -- Fayetteville, Clewlow (roughing, fighting not
during period, game misconduct), 0:00; Huntsville, Lazorko (roughing, fighting
not during period, game misconduct), 0:00; Fayetteville, Toy (roughing), 0:00;
Fayetteville, Sheldrake (roughing, fighting, continuing altercation, game
misconduct), 2:36; Huntsville, Bellamy (roughing, fighting, continuing
altercation, game misconduct), 2:36; Huntsville, Erickson (slashing), 3:06;
Huntsville, Kuqali (boarding), 9:03; Fayetteville, Kavanagh (holding), 11:05;
Huntsville, Ronsbuerg (kneeing), 13:57; Fayetteville, Kavanagh (interference),
16:27.

Overtime -- 3, Fayetteville, Tamblyn 2 (Safar, Hertz), 4:34. Penalties -- None.

Shots on goal -- Fayetteville 8-12-10-4 -- 34, Huntsville 11-13-12-6 -- 42

Power-play opportunities -- Fayetteville 0 of 4, Huntsville 0 of 6

Goalies -- Fayetteville, Bonar 1-0-0 (42 shots-41 saves); Huntsville, Kallechy
1-6-0 (34 shots-32 saves)

A -- 3,647

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141213-FY-Fayetteville-FireAntz-beat-Huntsville-in-OT-on-Tamblyn-s-goal-1213-2
0141213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer

                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

New Prague priest, on leave for sex misconduct, returns to parish

BYLINE: By Emily Gurnon egurnon@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Minnesota-Twin Cities; West Metro; News; State

LENGTH: 313 words


A priest who took a voluntary leave of absence in November for past sexual
misconduct not involving children has returned to his New Prague churches.

A written statement on the website of the New Prague Area Catholic Community
said the Rev. David Barrett returned to public ministry over the weekend.

Barrett, 49, did not immediately return a call or an email seeking comment
Thursday.

The website statement quoted him as saying his past behaviors included "angry
outbursts, inappropriate staring at women, and inappropriate sexual misconduct
with non-parishioner adult females, which was over a decade ago."

"I acknowledge how wrong I was, have repented, received help, and now I ask your
forgiveness," Barrett continued.

He said that while he takes full responsibility for his actions, "childhood
bullying and treatable mental illness were factors," according to the statement.

The parish statement said that, according to the Archdiocese of St. Paul and
Minneapolis, Barrett "was gracious and cooperative as (investigators) conducted
a long and thorough process of review..."

Barrett's past actions and potential risk factors were examined by the
archdiocese's ministerial standards board and Los Angeles-based firm Kinsale
Management, which "has expertise in reviewing priest files," the statement said.

Barrett is regional associate pastor for the New Prague-area Catholic churches,
which include St. John's and St. Scholastica.

Another priest who went on voluntary leave in November remains out of public
ministry, archdiocese spokesman Jim Accurso said Thursday.

The Rev. Paul Moudry, 64, has been pastor at St. Margaret Mary in Golden Valley
since 2001. As with Barrett, Moudry's misconduct did not involve sexual abuse of
minors or members of any parish where he was serving, Accurso said previously.

Emily Gurnon can be reached at 651-228-5522. Follow her at
twitter.com/emilygurnon .

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Cathedral of St. Paul (Pioneer Press file photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Leopold's motion asks for new trial

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 223  words


John R. Leopold is asking for a new trial.

Attorneys for the former county executive filed a motion in Anne Arundel Circuit
Court last week, arguing that one of the misconduct charges of which Leopold was
found guilty contained too many components for him to be convicted.

In the new motion, attorneys Bruce Marcus and Robert Bonsib repeated arguments
from their original motion to dismiss the case.

They wrote that the charge "represented an amalgam of allegedly wrongful
conduct, the effect of which placed an unreasonable burden on (Leopold) to
interpose defenses to separate acts improperly combined in a single charge."

Retired Circuit Court Judge Dennis Sweeney found Leopold guilty of two counts of
misconduct in office last month.

The count included allegations he ordered members of his security detail and
other employees to empty his catheter bag after he had back surgery.

It also included allegations he directed those officers to take him to sexual
rendezvous in a bowling alley parking lot and do other personal tasks.

In his ruling from the bench, Sweeney said he couldn't find Leopold guilty
because of his alleged behavior with women. But ordering employees to change his
urine bag crossed the line, he said.

Leopold, who resigned from office Feb. 1 three days after being found guilty, is
scheduled to be sentenced March 14.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: John R. Leopold is asking for a new trial. Attorneys for the former
county executive filed a motion in Anne Arundel Circuit Court last week, arguing
that one of the misconduct charges of which Leopold was found guilty contained
too many components for him to be convicted.

GRAPHIC: County Executive John R. Leopold, left, listens to his attorney Bruce
Marcus talk with reporters outside the Circuit Court in Annapolis on Jan. 29.
Leopold was found guilty of two counts of misconduct. He said he was "humbled by
the decision" and declined to comment further.
County Executive John R. Leopold, left, listens to his attorney Bruce Marcus
talk with reporters outside the Circuit Court in Annapolis on Jan. 29. Leopold
was found guilty of two counts of misconduct. He said he was "humbled by the
decision" and declined to comment further.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                September 28, 1993, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

TEXAS SENATOR FACES CHARGES; GRAND JURY ACCUSES HUTCHISON OF MISCONDUCT IN
PREVIOUS POST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1067 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, TEXAS


Just 16 weeks after her election to the U.S. Senate, Kay Bailey Hutchison was
indicted Monday on felony charges of misconduct during her 2 1/2 years as state
treasurer.

Hutchison, a Republican, was accused, along with two aides, of using her
treasurer's office for personal use and destroying records as part of a coverup.
She denied any wrongdoing and called the charges the product of a politically
motivated investigation by Travis County District Attorney Ronald Earle, a
Democrat.

"I will win in the end," Hutchison said. "I think the citizens of Texas see
through this. . . . They see that this is sleazy politics."

The indictments capped a 3 1/2-month investigation.

Hutchison became the second U.S. senator now under indictment. Sen. Dave
Durenberger, R-Minn., faces federal trial in January on charges he illegally
claimed reimbursement from the Senate for a condominium in Minneapolis he
secretly owned. He announced less than two weeks ago that he would not seek
election to a fourth term next year.

Hutchison is the 10th sitting U.S. senator ever indicted.

Hutchison, 50, defeated appointed Democratic Sen. Bob Krueger in a special
election June 5 for U.S. Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen's former seat.  The
victory made her Texas' first woman senator.

Days later, a grand jury began looking into misconduct allegations.

The five-count indictment accuses her of using state employees, facilities,
equipment and supplies for "her personal benefit" and of destroying computer
records from the treasury when she was state treasurer from 1991 until this
year.

Two former state employees, including a daughter of the late Texas Gov.  John
Connally, testified before the grand jury and have said publicly that they were
required to do personal and political chores for Hutchison.

Also indicted were Michael Barron, former deputy state treasurer, and David
Criss, the agency's planning director.

Barron was charged with official misconduct, tampering with governmental records
and tampering with physical evidence. Criss was charged with official
misconduct.

Hutchison is allowed to remain in the Senate while she fights the charges.

Karen Hughes, executive director for the Republican Party in Texas, called the
charges politically motivated.

"I am sickened, but frankly not surprised, that a grand jury made up of Democrat
primary voters is trying to win through the judicial process what they were
unable to win in the last election," Hughes said. "This is a new low for
partisan double standards in state government."

In a statement he read in court, the grand jury's foreman, Saadi Ferris, said
that "the grand jury has deliberated on each and every occasion with
independence of politics and political persuasion."

Earle's office raided the treasury June 10 and issued more than a dozen
subpoenas for current and former agency workers. More than 30 former treasury
aides and Hutchison campaign operatives went before the grand jury.  Earle said
the investigation began when he received information that crucial evidence was
being destroyed at the treasury.

Hutchison has said that because she would be at the top of the state's
Republican ticket in 1994, Democrats were stooping to the lowest level to keep
her from leading a strong GOP showing next fall.

Earle said Hutchison's claim that his office was leading a partisan attack was a
standard rebuttal from a public official under investigation.

"Every one of them says it's political, whether they are Democrats or
Republicans," he said.

At a news conference in Washington, Hutchison said she would seek a quick trial
on the charges. Candidates for the March 1994 primary will file in December and
early January.

"We can have this trial in four months, and I hope we will," Hutchison said.
"I'm going to vigorously challenge all of the charges.

"None of the charges has any merit whatsoever. There was nothing to cover up in
the treasury."

If convicted, she could be sentenced to 60 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo By AP - Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, with her
husband, Ray, answering questions Monday at a press conference in Washington.
She was indicted Monday on charges of misconduct as Texas state treasurer.  (2)
Photo headshot of Michael Barron, Former deputy indicted

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 16, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

TRIAL OF GREGORIO FOR MISCONDUCT BEGINS IN JERSEY

BYLINE: By ALFONSO A. NARVAEZ, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Nov. 15


The conspiracy, official-misconduct and taxevasion trial of State Senator John
T. Gregorio opened today with the prosecutor charging that the defendant had
been motivated by greed in hiding financial interests in two go-go bars in
Linden. In addition to his post in the State Legislature, Mr. Gregorio has been
Mayor of Linden for 16 years.

Charles Waldron, the assistant attorney general prosecuting the case in State
Superior Court in Essex County, said that the state would prove that the Union
County Democrat took more than $30,000 in weekly payments from the two bars,
Plato's East and the Lindenier; that he failed to pay state income taxes on the
money, and that he filed false income statements with the state.

Describing Mr. Gregorio as ''a greedy man,'' Mr. Waldron said in his opening
argument, ''The money he made from these dealings totals over $30,000 in cash -
easy money, greed.'' The prosecution charges that Mr. Gregorio hid his interest
in the bars to avoid paying taxes on the money.

11-Count Indictment

Mr. Gregorio, who is 56 years old, is charged in an 11-count indictment with
conspiring to hold hidden interests, with others, in the bars during 1979 and
1980.

He is also charged with evading taxes by not reporting the money; with official
misconduct in that as Mayor and titular head of the Police Department in Linden
he failed to enforce regulations pertaining to the control of alcoholic
beverages, and with tampering with official records by falsifying financial
reports to the Joint Legislative Committee on Ethical Standards and the State
Election Law Enforcement Commission.

Mr. Waldron said that the Mayor, who was elected to a fifth term two weeks ago,
had used his 19-year-old son, John Jr., as a front at one of the bars by having
him pose as the owner. The prosecutor said that about $800 a week in profits had
been siphoned off and split between the Mayor and the manager of the bar,
Constantine Santorella, an unindicted co-conspirator.

He said that the Mayor and Mr. Santorella, an ex-convict who was ineligible to
hold a state liquor license because of a prior Federal hijacking conviction,
also split about $1,000 a week in profits from the Lindenier.

'Going Down the Drain'

Raymond A Brown, Mr. Gregorio's attorney, said that the charges were politically
motivated and that the Mayor had lent his son $19,000 to buy a part interest in
Plato's East early in 1979 but that the son soon became a drug addict. Mr. Brown
said that the Mayor had sent his son to a drug rehabilitation clinic in Florida
and had notified the Union County Prosecutor of the drug sales.

''John Jr.'s interest was going down the drain,'' Mr. Brown said, adding that
the Mayor had become involved with the bars to protect his son's investment. He
said that part of the money Mr. Gregorio is accused of receiving was the
repayment of the $19,000 loan, and that the rest of the money had been passed on
to Mr. Gregorio's son.

He said six other persons were involved in business dealings concerning the bars
and they had been given immunity in exchange for their testimony.

''Politics is the name of the game, or there would be more people seated at that
table,'' Mr. Brown told the jury panel of nine men and nine women, 12 of whom
will be eventually selected to decide the case. ''He wouldn't be here if he
weren't a State Senator.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of John Gregorio

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              April 3, 2009 Friday

STUDENTS GET HELP WITHTEACHER MISCONDUCT BILL

BYLINE: TRACI RADER, Times Correspondent

SECTION: SOUTH SHORE & BRANDON TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: SEFFNER



HIGHLIGHT: A legislator signs on to sponsor their proposal for tougher
penalties.


The notorious cases of Debra Lafave, Ronald Lewis and Christina Butler riled
students in a senior American government class at Armwood High School.

Each of the Hillsborough County teachers was convicted of sexual misconduct with
students. But the penalties for their misconduct - each got probation and Lafave
and Lewis were also sentenced to house arrest - fell far short of what the
Armwood students felt was fair.

So the students, all seniors in Tony Pirotta's government class at Armwood,
wrote a bill calling for stiffer penalties and harsher sentencing for teachers
convicted of sexual misconduct. Last week, they traveled to Tallahassee to lobby
state legislators for their support.

"I think it's about time teacher sexual misconduct was addressed," said Cicilia
Goodman, one of six students who made the trip.

The idea for the bill came about because of Hillsborough County's annual "Ought
to Be A Law" contest, where area students make their pitch for new laws to
government officials. The winning team earns the right to have its bill
presented before the legislature.

Although the Armwood students didn't win the contest, their idea caught the
attention of Rep. Kelli Stargel, R-Lakeland.

Stargel turned their idea into House Bill 659, which she will sponsor. She plans
to ask Florida legislators to reclassify sexual misconduct crimes committed by
teachers by increasing the penalty for those crimes by one degree. She wants to
create tougher sentencing guidelines that would suggest a minimum prison
sentence of one year for convicted teachers. If the bill passes, it would take
effect Oct. 1.

"It emphasizes the position of respect that teachers have with their students
and the importance of safeguarding that relationship," explained Stargel, who
said she feels strongly about the issue because she has children.

At Armwood, teachers are celebrating their students' ingenuity.

"It's the first time for the competition to give two bill slots away to
students," Pirotta said.

Pirotta's students felt that teachers have a special relationship of authority
in the classroom and trust with the communities they serve. Breaking this
ethical agreement is a far more heinous crime than the current penalties serve,
the students said.

"I think they (teachers) get away with it because a lot of parents don't want
their kids to have repercussions afterwards," said senior Kelly Drapeza.

Pirotta hopes that the bill gains the support it needs in the legislative
session to pass.

"Our students deserve to learn in an environment where they do not have to fear
unethical propositions by those who have promised our students safety," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Kelli Stargel, R, Lakeland, suggests a minimum one-year sentence
for sexual misconduct.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      February 12, 2001, Monday, Edition 1

HOCKEY NOTES STRUGGLING POTVIN HEADED FOR THE MINORS

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 507 words




for former Maple Leaf all-star goaltender Struggling Canucks goaltender Felix
Potvin agreed yesterday to
 report to Vancouver's IHL affiliate in Kansas City by the end of
 the week.

 The Canucks gave Potvin the choice to either report to the minors or be placed
on waivers after they acquired goalie Dan Cloutier from the Tampa Bay Lightning
on Wednesday. On Thursday, Potvin, a two-time all-star with the Leafs, told
Burke he needed a few more days to make a decision.

Potvin, who signed a one-year, $2.7 million contract with Vancouver during the
summer, has struggled to a 14-17-3 record this year with a 3.08 goals- against
average and .887 save average.

Bob Essensa, 36, started the season as Vancouver's backup, but took over when
Potvin, who has been plagued by inconsistent performances, faltered again two
weeks ago.

SPEZZA'S SIX PACK: In Windsor, Jason Spezza had three goals and three assists as
the
 Spitfires beat the London Knights 7-4, their seventh straight
 win.

 The game was marred by a pair of second-period brawls. Windsor's Joey Sewell
was handed a gross misconduct for manhandling a linesmen. Referee Craig Spada
handed out 16 fighting majors, a 10-minute misconduct, game misconduct, match
penalty and gross misconduct.

MAJOR TRICK: Darryl Bootland scored a hat trick to help the St. Michael's
 Majors lay a 7-1 beating on the Mississauga IceDogs, now winless
 in 12 games (0-11-1). The IceDogs' last win came Jan. 3 against
 the Majors.

 HARD TO TOP: In Brampton, Brad Topping, at 16 the youngest goalie in the
 league, made 32 saves for his first OHL shutout as the Battalion
 beat the Plymouth Whalers 2-0.

 WILL HASEK PLAY? Although he was among the first eight players named to the
Czech
 Republic's 2002 Olympic team, Dominik Hasek, the hero of the 1998
 Nagano Games, said he won't decide until the summer.

 "It's too early to ask that question," said Hasek, 36. "The Olympics are
something special. But, if I'm going to play in the Olympics, I have to prepare
for it. Right now I feel like I want to play, so they put me among one of the
eight players, but I'll make the final decision in the summer."

RETURNING STARS: The Dallas Stars got a little healthier yesterday when they
 activated wingers Jamie Langenbrunner, who missed 22 games after
 Dec. 28 surgery to repair a torn abdominal muscle, and Mike
 Keane, out eight games after taking a shot off his ankle.

 KARPOVTSEV SITS TWO: Blackhawks defenceman Alexander Karpovtsev was suspended
for two
 games yesterday for an elbow that bloodied Matt Bradley's nose
 during Saturday's 3-2 loss in San Jose. Karpovtsev received a
 five-minute major for elbowing.

 OLYMPIC FIELD SET: Belarus and France earned the last two spots for next year's

 Olympic hockey tournament at Salt Lake City by winning qualifying
 tournaments yesterday in Oslo and Klagenfurt, Austria. Belarus
 beat winless Norway 7-3 in Oslo, while France nosed Denmark 2-1.

 WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: RON FREHM/AP
 CAN I GIVE YOU A LIFT?
 New Jersey defenceman Ken Daneyko steps into Ranger rookie Jeff Ulmer at
Madison Square Garden in yesterday's matinee. The teams skated to a 1-1 tie.

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 12, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Error Prompts Steps by Police Review Board

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 491 words


A day after announcing that they had undercounted complaints of police
misconduct this fall, officials at the Civilian Complaint Review Board installed
a new fax machine yesterday so that the problem would not happen again and said
that they would review their records to insure that no other complaints had been
mishandled.

The undercount occurred in the months after the Abner Louima case made police
brutality a central issue in the mayoral campaign. Officials from the review
board, the independent agency responsible for monitoring and investigating
civilian complaints of police misconduct, blamed the lapse on a clerical error
and confusion over a procedural change in the way the Police Department
forwarded complaints to the board.

In the past, people who telephoned the police department with complaints simply
had their calls forwarded to the review board. In February, the police began
taking down the complaints and forwarding written reports to the review board by
messenger. Board members complained that the police never notified the board of
the change.

The new system appeared to work from February until August, board officials
said, when a clerical worker at the review board apparently became confused by
the Police Department's written reports and did not add them to the tally of
complaints.

Gene R. Lopez, the board's executive director, said the new fax machine would
expedite the way the board receives the complaints and insure that they all land
in the same place.

Because of the error, Mr. Lopez said, the board had undercounted complaints by
21 percent in September, reporting 427 complaints when there had been 518, and
by 16 percent in October, announcing 428 complaints when there had been 497.

He said that problems may have cropped up starting in August because of a
combination of increased duties given to the staff -- who were told to double
their efforts to get people who filed complaints to cooperate with investigators
-- and the increase in complaints after the Louima case. High-profile brutality
cases like Mr. Louima's -- who charged that he was tortured by police officers
on Aug. 9 -- are usually followed by a surge in complaints, board members and
police officials said.

Critics said that the timing, after the Louima case became an issue in the
mayoral race, was suspicious. Mayor Giuliani said yesterday that the miscount
was simply a clerical error that was statistically insignificant.

"It just shows that human beings make mistakes," the Mayor said. "It indicates
that people will pick on the Police Department no matter what, even if there's a
reasonable explanation for what happened, but you know that's part of the
territory."

First Deputy Patrick E. Kelleher said that after the change in procedure the
police had forwarded 1,187 written reports to the review board. Of those, Mr.
Lopez said, 593 were found to warrant investigation and were entered as
complaints.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 10, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: School Employee Arrested For Alleged Sexual Misconduct

BYLINE: Jonathan Seely, WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 176 words


Jan. 10--NORTON SHORES, Mich. -- A Muskegon County school employee has been
arrested for alleged sexual misconduct.

Mike D'Oyly is a music paraprofessional at Mona Shores High School. He was
placed on leave back in December after allegations surfaced that he had
inappropriate conduct with students.

The alleged misconduct came to light December 31, when a Mona Shores graduate
brought the allegations to the attention of school officials. When school
resumed, the school started its own internal investigation and then turned
things over to the Norton Shores Police Department.

Muskegon County prosecutor Tony Tague says that his phones and computers were
seized, and they contained text messages and pictures that indicated sexual
contact with students.

FOX 17 has been told D'Oyly has been taken into custody by the Norton Shores
police department.

D'Oyly is currently facing fourth degree criminal sexual conduct charges.

___ (c)2012 WXMI-TV (Grand Rapids, Mich.) Visit WXMI-TV (Grand Rapids, Mich.) at
www.fox17online.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120110-5GR-BRF-School-Employee-Arrested-For-Alleged-Sexual-Misconduct
-0110-20120110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5GR


                                 Copyright 2012

                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday

Pacific imposes sanctions on men's hoops team amid academic misconduct inquest

BYLINE: Bob Highfill, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 243 words


Dec. 17--The University of the Pacific has imposed several penalties on its
men's basketball program in wake of a joint investigation with the NCAA over
alleged academic misconduct.

Pacific will not compete in the postseason this season, including the West Coast
Conference Tournament, and will reduce the number of basketball scholarships by
a total of six over three years. Recruiting also will be limited.

Pacific Athletic Director Ted Leland said in a statement Thursday the
investigation uncovered Level I violations, the most serious NCAA rules
infractions, and include academic misconduct. The university has determined that
men's basketball staff members provided impermissible academic assistance to
student-athletes who had enrolled in correspondence courses at other
institutions to meet university and/or NCAA eligibility requirements.

Last Friday, head coach Ron Verlin and assistant coach Dwight Young were
suspended in connection with the investigation. On Nov. 5, three men's
basketball players were withheld from competition. One of the players was
reinstated on Dec. 4. The other two remain ineligible.

Pacific opens West Coast Conference play against Santa Clara at 7 p.m. Monday at
Spanos Center.

Come back to recordnet.com and read Friday's Record for more on this story from
sports editor Bob Highfill.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151217-SK-Pacific-imposes-sanctions-on-men-s-hoops-team-amid-academic-
misconduct-inquest-1217-20151217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record

                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

New Jersey: Atlantic City cop pleads guilty to sexually assaulting teen

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Atlantic County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

An Atlantic City Police officer pled guilty Friday to official misconduct for
exploiting his position as a police officer in order to sexually assault a
child, Atlantic County Prosecutor Jim McClain announced

Atlantic City Police officer Andre L. Corbin, 44, of Northridge Drive, Mays
Landing, was arrested on May 19, 2014 and charged with two counts of official
misconduct, two counts of sexual assault and one count each of endangering the
welfare of a child and criminal sexual contact.

Authorities said Corbin used his position as a police officer in order to obtain
benefit for himself, specifically sexual acts with a child.

Corbin waived his right to have the case presented to a grand jury and pleaded
guilty on Friday to one count of official misconduct and one count of sexual
assault.

The prosecutor's office said Corbin admitted to using Facetime to contact a
16-year-old girl. While using the real-time video chat program, he was wearing
his uniform but exposed himself to his victim, he admitted. Between January and
August 2013, Corbin also sexually assaulted the girl while being a police
officer with supervisory power over the victim, the prosecutor's office said.

As part of the agreement, Corbin had to forfeit his current employment as a
police officer, and will forever be barred him from holding any future public
office.

Corbin isn't the only South Jersey police officer who faced sexual assault and
official misconduct charges.

A Brigantine Police Department officer, Ralph M. Pereira, 44, was indicted
earlier this month on two counts of sexual assault, three counts of official
misconduct, four counts of endangering the welfare of a child and one count of
criminal sexual contact in connection with the alleged incidents in 2012 and
2013.

Prosecutors say Pereira provided the juvenile victim with alcohol, committed
acts of sexual penetration, and photographed or filmed the victim perform a
prohibited sexual act, all while he held a position of authority and
disciplinary power over the victim due to his status as a law enforcement
officer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

Teacher dismissal-bill veto should be women's work

BYLINE: gloria romero Register columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 641 words



HIGHLIGHT: Union-backed measure inadequately protects children.


Women's-rights advocates and organizations nationally are expressing outrage
over the actions of a Montana judge's sentencing of a teacher who raped his
female student to a mere 30 days in jail. The victim later committed suicide.
The predator has already completed his sentence.

The case made a mockery of the egregious act committed against the minor
student. Although nothing can bring back the life of the young victim, a
movement is mounting to remove the judge.

In San Diego, women's rights advocates confronted, and forced the resignation
of, a groping, touching, sexually harassing mayor. They sent a strong message
that misconduct would not be tolerated in elected office. Simultaneously, voters
in New York soundly defeated male candidates involved separately in prostitution
and sexting scandals.

Nationally, it appeared that women would not tolerate sex-related misconduct in
government.

So why the disturbing silence from California's female legislators and women's
organizations who have remained mute or even - perhaps unintentionally -
actually supported protecting teachers who commit egregious misconduct against
students and co-workers - including sexual harassment and rape?

On a largely partisan vote, Democrats supported Assembly Bill 375, which, while
supposedly a strengthening of the teacher discipline and dismissal system, fails
to protect schoolchildren from teacher predators and imposes new limitations on
children's rights to testify in such cases. California's school boards,
administrators and education reformers opposed the bill. Not one lawyer
representing school district taxpayers supported it.

So why did it pass? Follow the money: The biggest political contributors to the
Democratic Party - the California Teachers Association and the California
Federation of Teachers - unabashedly used their clout with the men who lead the
state Assembly and Senate to strong-arm, and then silence, critics and force the
bill to the governor's desk.

Once Senate debate - in which opposition was expressed - concluded, AB375 was
immediately passed and transmitted to the Assembly. Presiding over the voting
was the Assembly speaker himself, ordering the bill to be presented following a
recess, when few legislators had yet returned, in order to avoid any
embarrassing questions.

Faster than one could say fait accompli, the speaker closed the vote and
dispatched AB375 to the governor.

So, where is the outrage now - especially from women?

I recently wrote in this space that Capitol insiders had identified the person
with the most influence upon the governor as none other than the first lady of
California: Anne Gust Brown.

It is to her that I now turn, along with mothers of school children - joined by
supportive and equally outraged fathers - who now implore her to exert her
influence on her Jesuit-trained husband and have him do the right thing for our
young daughters - and sons - who may find themselves trapped in a classroom with
a sexual predator with not much chance for justice under AB375 should they
become a victim. Undoubtedly, the governor - a former state attorney general -
should understand that protecting pedophiles and rapists in classrooms is not a
justice system we should embrace. But, perhaps his wife can help him see that
our children deserve better.

Only a veto on AB375 can undo the outrageous choice to protect suspected
pedophiles rather than children that was enacted by the predominantly male
Legislature, with the disturbing complicity of some female legislators, and at
the behest of the male-led teacher's unions. If Montana can start a movement to
protect children, and women can oust bad politicians, then, why can't our
governor do the right thing?

Register opinion columnist Gloria Romero is an education reformer and former
Democratic state senator from Los Angeles.

Twitter: @DFER_CA

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: mct illustration

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 14, 2012 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

U.S. agents accused of misconduct

BYLINE: David Nakamura;Joe Davidson

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 470 words


The U.S. Secret Service is investigating allegations of misconduct by agents who
had been sent to Cartagena, Colombia, to provide security for President Obama's
trip to a summit that began there Friday.

Edwin Donovan, an agency spokesman, said that an unspecified number of agents
have been recalled and replaced with others, stressing that Obama's security has
not been compromised because of the change. Obama arrived in Cartagena on Friday
afternoon for this weekend's Summit of the Americas, a gathering of 33 of the
hemisphere's 35 leaders to discuss economic policy and trade.

Donovan declined to disclose details about the alleged misconduct. Jon Adler,
president of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, said the
accusations relate to at least one agent having involvement with prostitutes in
Cartagena.

In a statement, Donovan said the matter has been turned over to the agency's
Office of Professional Responsibility, which serves as the agency's internal
affairs unit. "The Secret Service takes all allegations of misconduct
seriously," Donovan said. "These personnel changes will not affect the
comprehensive security plan that has been prepared in advance of the President's
trip."

Adler said the entire unit was recalled for purposes of the investigation. The
Secret Service "responded appropriately" and is "looking at a very serious
allegation," he said, adding that the agency "needs to properly investigate and
fairly ascertain the merits of the allegations."

The Washington Post was alerted to the investigation by Ronald Kessler, a former
Post reporter and author of several nonfiction books, including the book "In the
President's Secret Service."

Kessler said he was told that a dozen agents had been removed from the trip. He
added that soliciting prostitution is considered inappropriate by the Secret
Service, even though it is legal in Colombia when conducted in designated
"tolerance zones." However, Kessler added, several of the agents are married.

There have been other incidents involving Obama's security detail over the past
year. In November, Christopher W. Deedy, a federal agent with the State
Department's Bureau of Diplomatic Security, was charged with second-degree
murderafter shooting a man during a dispute outside a McDonald's in Honolulu.
Though Deedy was off-duty at the time, he was on the island to provide security
arrangements for Obama's trip to an economic summit.

In August, Daniel L. Valencia, a Secret Service agent, was arrested on suspicion
of drunken driving in Decorah, Iowa, where he was helping arrange security for
Obama's bus trip through three Midwestern states. Valencia, who was off-duty at
the time of the arrest, was recently sentenced to two days in jail with credit
for time served, and a fine of $1,250.

nakamurad@washpost.com

davidsonj@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           August 26, 2009 Wednesday

Appellate Division, 3rd Department Case Summaries: August 26, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 510  words


Appellate Division, 3rd Department

Unemployment

Misconduct

Matter of Houston

506378

Appealed from the Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board

Background: The appeal is from a decision that held the claimant is disqualified
from receiving unemployment insurance benefits because she lost her employment
due to misconduct. The claimant worked as a deli clerk at a grocery store. While
on duty, her supervisor noticed she was reading a magazine even though the deli
area was dirty and needed to be cleaned. When he directed her to do so, she
refused. During the exchange, the claimant repeatedly called the supervisor an
"idiot. " Her employment was terminated as a result. The Unemployment Insurance
Appeals Board disqualified her from receiving unemployment insurance benefits on
the ground that she lost her job due to misconduct.

Ruling: The court states the rule that an employee's insubordinate and
disrespectful behavior toward a supervisor may constitute disqualifying
misconduct. The supervisor testified that the claimant refused his directive to
clean the deli area, although it was a part of her job duties. He further stated
that the claimant called him an idiot. The decision is affirmed.

Diana C. Houston, pro se, and Dara Siegel of the Law Office of Nicholas C.
Katsoris for respondent Namdor Inc.

Attorney Discipline

Matter of Mejia

D-31-09

Background: The respondent attorney was admitted to practice in New York in 2002
and Massachusetts in 2003. The Board of Bar Overseers of the Massachusetts
Supreme Judicial Court publicly reprimanded the respondent for failure to
properly maintain the records of his attorney escrow account. The petitioner now
moves for an order imposing discipline based on the order.

Ruling: The court grants the motion. Having considered the conduct that gave
rise to respondent's discipline in Massachusetts, the court concludes the
respondent should be censured.

Steven D. Zayas, the Committee on Professional Standards, for the petitioner,
and Edwin L. Mejia, pro se

Workers' Compensation

Matter of D'Errico v. New York City Department of Corrections

504250

Appealed from the Workers' Compensation Board

Background: The appeal follows a decision that held the claimant did not suffer
an injury in the course of his employment, and denied his claim for workers'
compensation benefits. In 2002, the claimant was diagnosed with severe major
depressive disorder with psychotic features. The Workers' Compensation Board
ultimately denied the claim, concluding theclaimant was not exposed to a greater
amount of work-related stress than that normally experienced by
similarly-situated employees at correctional facilities.

Ruling: The court notes that, in the rare instances when it has found an abuse
of discretion, the case involved an application for reconsideration or the
disregard either of newly discovered evidence or a material change in
conditions. As such a thing did not occur, the decisions denying benefits are
affirmed.

Arnold E. DiJoseph III for the appellant, and Susan Choi-Hausman, assistant
corporation counsel, for the respondent

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Briefs

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 206  words


Burris to address law school grads

John L. Burris, a civil rights attorney specializing in police misconduct cases
and a nationally featured legal analyst, will deliver the keynote address during
N.C. Central University's School of Law graduation Saturday.

The ceremony for 115 law-degree candidates begins at 1 p.m. at the American
Tobacco Historic District Campus at 324 Blackwell St.

Burris began his legal career at the Jenner and Block firm in Chicago and later
became a prosecutor at the Cook County State Attorney's Office. In private
practice he focused on victims of police misconduct and racial and sexual
discrimination.

His clients have included Rodney King, Tupac Shakur, D'Wayne Wiggins, NBA
basketball stars Gary Payton and Jason Kidd and actor Delroy Lindo.

He is the author of "Blue vs. Black: Let's End the Conflict Between Cops and
Minorities."

For more information, call (919) 530-7163.

Duke Gardens event Saturday

The 25th anniversary Duke Gardens Plant and Craft Celebration will be held
Saturday morning at Duke Gardens.

The event will be held from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. at 426 Anderson St.

A plant information booth, plant vendors, nature-related crafts for sale and
children's activities will be offered.

-- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.

                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 4, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Driver Says Police Refused Help in Death of S.I. Man

BYLINE: By CRAIG WOLFF

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 741 words


An ambulance driver told officials investigating the death of a Staten Island
man in police custody that he tried to attend to the man as he lay bleeding on
the pavement, only to be told by police officers to "stay away," two
investigators said yesterday.

The man, Ernest Sayon, 22, died Friday night about an hour after a struggle with
police officers conducting an anti-drug sweep in the Park Hill apartment
complex.

The ambulance driver gave his version of the incident to investigators of the
city's Civilian Complaint Review Board, which examines accusations of police
misconduct. Two investigators, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the
driver contended that he was prevented from treating the man, but they offered
few other details of his account.

Departmental Charges

In another development, officials said yesterday that the police officer at the
center of the investigation pleaded guilty last year to departmental charges of
misconduct involving an off-duty scuffle, in which he had punched or kicked a
taxi driver in a dispute after a traffic accident.

The complaint against the officer, Donald Brown, was upheld as "substantiated"
by the review board.

The new details emerged as the furor over the incident in the Clifton section of
Staten Island continued to put the Police Department on the defensive. Some
residents of the neighborhood contended that officers from the 120th Precinct
routinely use excessive force in an overzealous effort to stamp out drug
dealers.

A Separate Incident

On Monday, Police Commissioner William J. Bratton began an investigation into a
separate incident, captured on videotape, in which a man seemed to have been
beaten by officers from the 120th Precinct three weeks ago. That struggle, taped
by a woman from her sixth-floor apartment window, unfolded only yards from Mr.
Sayon's clash with officers.

Yesterday, at One Police Plaza in Manhattan, Mr. Bratton played the tape for
borough and division commanders. "I told them to get back to roll-call and
encourage their officers to be assertive, to be police, but to remember you have
to operate between certain guidelines, you are under scrutiny," he said.

He said that investigators from the department's Internal Affairs Bureau had not
identified the officers in the tape.

More Demonstrations

The death of Mr. Sayon touched off demonstrations and calls for an independent
prosecutor by members of the dead man's family. About 150 protesters from the
New Alliance Party demonstrated yesterday outside Gracie Mansion.

Many residents in the Park Hill apartment complex say Officer Brown struck Mr.
Sayon after the suspect's hands were handcuffed. Mr. Sayon's head was bruised,
but the Medical Examiner's office said it had not determined the cause of death.

The case that resulted in Officer Brown's pleading guilty in a Police Department
proceeding involved a dispute with a cabdriver on Sept. 29, 1992,
law-enforcement officials said. Christopher Lynn, a lawyer and civilian review
board member, said Officer Brown tried to punch or kick the driver. Mr. Lynn
said the board unanimously voted that the case was "substantiated" and turned it
over to the department for discipline.

Yesterday, John Miller, Deputy Commissioner for Public Information, said an
initial search of police records did not reveal a charge against Officer Brown
because the case had been expunged from his personnel files as part of a plea
bargain. He said that under the agreement, Officer Brown was suspended for six
days.

Under Investigation

In the meantime, Walter S. Mack, the Police Department's Commissioner for
Internal Affairs, said yesterday that he and the Staten Island District
Attorney's office were investigating allegations that police officers outside
the Park Hill apartments had prevented ambulance workers from helping Mr. Sayon.

Mr. Sayon was taken to Bayley Seton Hospital in a police van shortly after the
incident began about 6 P.M. on Friday. He died about 7 P.M.

The Emergency Medical Service said an ambulance dispatched to the scene at 6:01
P.M. was turned away by officers only because Mr. Sayon had already been taken
away. But the two review board members said yesterday that another ambulance had
responded minutes earlier while Mr. Sayon lay motionless on the ground.

The driver of that ambulance told investigators that he was ordered "to stay
away," the board members said.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The furor over the death of a man in police custody last Friday
in the Clifton section of Staten Island continued. Protesters from the n
eighborhood demonstrated yesterday at a rally outside Gracie Mansion. (Jose R.
Lopez/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    April 30, 1992, Thursday, METRO EDITION

Juries often forgive police, legal experts say

BYLINE: BY SHARON LAFRANIER AND LYNNE DUKE SPECIAL TO THE STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The verdict in the Rodney King beating case is a dramatic illustration of how
difficult it is to convict law enforcement officers accused of abusing their
power, criminal justice specialists said last night.

The typical obstacles for prosecutors in a police misconduct case - no
witnesses, an unsympathetic victim, conflicting accounts - all seemed to be
wiped away by the videotape of King's beating.

Yet the jury found in favor of the police officers.

"It's amazing," said Sheldon Krantz, an American University law professor who
has studied issues of police conduct. "It's a very disturbing result.

"I think there is an assumption on the part of juries that police officers have
very difficult and dangerous tasks. There is just kind of a presumption that
they are operating within the range of authority.

"I worry about this result for two reasons - it seems grossly unfair in this
case and it sends the wrong message" to victims already afraid to step forward,
he said.

Andrew Sonner, the state attorney for Montgomery County, Md., said the verdict
underscores his experience as a prosecutor for 21 years.

"It's very hard to get a jury that isn't very forgiving to police," Sonner said.

"I think they believe it's kind of a war of us versus them, the law-abiding
public versus an army of criminals, with the police on the front lines. They're
very forgiving of atrocities in the time of war."

Criminal defence specialists struggled last night to come up with a rationale to
explain the jury's decision.

Most focused on the defence attorneys' success in moving the trial to a bedroom
community of retired police officers and firefighters with few minorities.

"It effectively changed the composition of the jury and it worked," said former
U.S. attorney Joseph diGenova.

"I'd probably drive a wide berth around Simi Valley if I thought I was going to
get in confrontations with the police," said Larry Barcella, a criminal defence
attorney and former federal prosecutor in Washington.

William Baker, who retired last year as head of criminal investigations for the
FBI, said "a remedy exists" for the verdict if the U.S. Justice Department can
charge the officers with violating federal civil rights statutes.

"We've done that a lot in the Deep South," he said.

But Richard Kendall, a former federal prosecutor in Los Angeles, said the
department may decide against a civil rights prosecution unless it can turn up
new evidence.

Kendall said a Justice Department policy states that the federal prosecutors
"will not prosecute someone in federal court on charges where the facts have
already been adjudicated in favor of the defendant in state court.

"You really need a compelling reason to depart from that presumption," he said.

WASHINGTON POST


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

Conduct code for University of Wisconsin students could be changed

BYLINE: By Erica Perez Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 460 words


Students faced with suspension, expulsion or criminal charges for non-academic
misconduct can have legal representation during hearings at University of
Wisconsin schools, but students are expected to answer questions on their own,
according to a revised policy the Board of Regents will consider this week.

The change is part of a new conduct code that would expand administrators'
jurisdiction to allow them to discipline students for certain types of
off-campus, non-academic misconduct.

The issue has attracted interest at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, where
more students rent off-campus housing in a traditionally residential
neighborhood. Homeowners have pushed UW-Milwaukee to punish students for noise,
drinking and property damage.

A regents committee delayed a vote on the code in May because of concerns about
a section that would allow attorneys to speak on students' behalf during some
hearings -- which some campuses don't permit.

Courts have found that university discipline processes are not the same as
judicial proceedings. Universities can limit attorneys to a quiet advisory role,
said John Wesley Lowery, associate professor of student affairs in higher
education at Indiana University of Pennsylvania.

The new version of the UW System policy gives attorneys an active role but
defines it more narrowly.

When a student is charged with a crime in connection with misconduct or faces
suspension or expulsion, his or her lawyer can question witnesses, present
information and witnesses, and speak for the student -- except when the hearing
examiner or committee asks the student questions. In those cases, the student
should respond.

Suspensions and expulsions are rare in the UW System, and disciplinary hearings
are even rarer. Still, the changes don't sit perfectly with some deans and
student-rights advocates.

University deans wanted lawyers to have an advisory role. Otherwise, they
argued, lawyers get in the way of finding out the truth and make the hearings
too adversarial. Others said students deserve full legal representation when
suspension or expulsion is on the table.

"One of the main reasons to have a lawyer available in these serious cases is to
fully defend the student," said Adam Kissel of the Philadelphia-based Foundation
for Individual Rights in Education. "To take that away in part diminishes the
student's rights."

At UW-Milwaukee, attorneys are currently allowed to speak for students. In the
past, students with attorneys have tended to sit silently, but now hearing
officers might have more of an opportunity to hear from the student under the
proposed changes.

"I was hoping for more," UW-Milwaukee Dean of Students Jim Hill said. "But it's
better than it was back in May."

The full board could vote on it Friday.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

new england in brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


Monday January 16, 2012

FairPoint brings broadband to Peru

PERU (AP) -- FairPoint Communications is continuing its effort to bring
broadband Internet service to rural parts of Vermont, with the town of Peru in
northeast Bennington County now added to the list.

FairPoint says it has expanded broadband access to more than 225 homes and
businesses in the rural town.

The company's VantagePoint high-speed Internet service provides residents
choices of speeds up to 15 megabits per second.

The company says it has invested more than $79 million and added 1,100 miles of
new fiber, providing high-speed access to nearly 90 percent of its Vermont
customers.

Jail guard charged with sexual misconduct

SOUTH BURLINGTON (AP) -- A corrections officer in Vermont is facing charges
following an investigation into sexual misconduct at the Chittenden Regional
Correctional Facility in South Burlington.

State police said Saturday that 44-year-old Richard Gallow, of Enosburg, has
been charged with lewd and lascivious conduct.

Police say Gallow was charged following an investigation into a report in late
November regarding sexual misconduct by a corrections officer with a female
inmate in October 2010.

Gallow is scheduled to appear in court Feb. 28.

Dog dies in N.H. after eating food with hooks

SOMERSWORTH, N.H. (AP) -- New Hampshire police say one dog is dead and another
is recovering after eating food that was filled with fish hooks.

A Somersworth woman told police she believed someone threw a food product, most
likely a piece of meat, laced with fish hooks into her backyard. The food was
then eaten by her two Doberman pinschers, one of which died.

Capt. Russ Timmons said investigators have visited local stores that sell fish
hooks to try and determine who may have recently purchased hooks, but no
suspects have been identified.

Timmons said the dogs' owner doesn't want her identity revealed.

N.H. Innovation Research Center
seeks applicants

DURHAM, N.H. (AP) -- A program to increase jobs, competitiveness and
profitability in New Hampshire is seeking applications for its next round of
grant awards.

The Legislature created the New Hampshire Innovation Research Center in 1991 to
spur collaboration and technology development between businesses and
universities. Companies propose projects involving university researchers, and
then match their project awards to fund the research.

The deadline to apply for this year is Jan. 27.

Lawmakers initially intended to put $500,000 a year into the program, but that
amount has been cut due to budget constraints.

Mass. searchers find plane wreckage, bodies

BREWSTER, Mass. (AP) -- Authorities say the wreckage of a small plane and the
bodies of two occupants have been found on a Massachusetts beach.

Emergency crews began searching Sunday morning for the private four-seater after
its pilot reported smoke in the cabin, then lost communication with the Federal
Aviation Administration.

U.S. Coast Guard Petty Officer Connie Terrell said searchers found the wreckage
and the two bodies Sunday afternoon on a Brewster beach on Cape Cod, where the
plane apparently crashed. She said search crews were then dismissed.

The identities of the two people were not immediately released and it was not
known if authorities believed others were on the flight. The plane was flying
from Martha's Vineyard to Hyannis, about a 20-minute flight.

The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board was investigating.

Tropical fish plan floated in Maine capital city

AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) -- Maine's capital city may not seem the likeliest place to
start a business breeding tropical fish. But the publisher of a well-known
regional publication has just that in mind.

The Kennebec Journal in Augusta (http://bit.ly/wI0ybS ) says Joseph Sutton, who
also co-owns the Augusta-based classified advertising publication Uncle Henry's,
has taken his plan to the city.

A representative for Sutton told Augusta officials that the businessman hopes to
breed tropical fish to be sold to pet stores, and process imported mussels and
possibly clams in a saltwater habitat. The operation would be housed in a new
building behind the Uncle Henry's building in the city.

City planners voted last week to recommend that council modify an ordinance to
allow aquaculture as a conditional use in all zones where agriculture is
allowed.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

NSU Unveils New Title IX - Sexual Misconduct Webpage

LENGTH: 307 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    FORT LAUDERDALE: Nova Southeastern University University has issued the
following news release



  The university, in compliance with the spirit of various federal and state
laws is committed to adopting a policy and fostering an environment where no
individual may threaten the health, safety, and welfare of a member of the
university community, including any person on university property or at a
university-sponsored or -supervised activity, through the commission of an act
of sexual misconduct.





 For purposes of this policy, sexual misconduct encompasses a range of behaviors
that create a hostile environment, including acts of dating violence, sex-based
discrimination, domestic violence, intimidation, retaliation, sexual assault
(including acquaintance rape), sexual exploitation, sex-based stalking and
sexual harassment. The current sexual misconduct policy of the university is
accessible online at http://nova.edu/title-ix/index.html.



 In addition to the sexual misconduct policy, relative NSU events are
spotlighted. We encourage you to view national resources, sexual misconduct
campaigns, prevention related apps, and awareness videos featured. All students
have access to the Rights and Options for Victims of Sexual Misconduct Brochure
located at http://nova.edu/title-ix/form/rights_options_for_victims.pdf to
assist in understanding victim rights and options.



 The NSU community is encouraged to report to the local police (9-1-1) and NSU
Public Safety Department (extension 28999 on campus and (954) 262-8999 off
campus) for all occurrences of sexual misconduct.



 For more information about NSU&rsquo;s sexual misconduct policy, please contact
the Title IX Coordinator, Dr. Gay Holliday at gayhol@nova.edu



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

Two female submariners found guilty of financial fraud

BYLINE: Jennifer McDermott, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


May 15--Two of the first female submariners in the U.S. Navy have been found
guilty of financial misconduct in connection with fraudulent travel expense
claims.

Both were charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and found guilty of
fraud and conduct unbecoming a naval officer at a disciplinary hearing, Cmdr.
Monica Rousselow, spokeswoman for the commander of the submarine force, said
Monday.

One of the women also was found guilty of falsifying an official statement, she
said.

The travel claim fraud involved about $4,500 per officer and occurred before the
women, who were supply officers, reported to their submarines, Rousselow said.

Rear Adm. Joseph E. Tofalo, commander of Submarine Group 10, conducted the
"masts," or hearings, at Kings Bay, Ga. The Naval Criminal Investigative Service
led the investigation.

The submarine force said in March that three of the first female submariners
would be taken off their submarines during an investigation into alleged
financial misconduct. The third woman later was found not to have been involved
in the misconduct, and she returned to her boat, Rousselow said.

The two who were found guilty were reassigned to the Naval Submarine Support
Center and Trident Refit Facility Kings at Kings Bay. The Navy Personnel Command
will determine whether they remain in the service, Rousselow said.

Other Navy personnel who were not assigned to submarines were thought to be
involved in the misconduct. NCIS confirmed Monday there were two other cases.
One is ongoing, and no charges have been filed so far. In the other case, the
Navy decided not to prosecute, according to NCIS.

The women involved were not identified because of federal privacy laws.
Typically only those in leadership positions who are involved in wrongdoing are
named, Rousselow said.

A female alternate who went through the training took the place of one of the
women. The other woman will be replaced when the next group of female
submariners graduates.

Rousselow said the incident had a "minimal" impact on the integration of women
on submarines.

"Our feedback from the fleet continues to be that the women who are already
assigned are integrating nicely and on track with their qualifications," she
said.

j.mcdermott@theday.com

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120515-NL-Two-female-submariners-found-guilty-of-financial-fraud-0515-20120515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day

                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  April 18, 1999 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

'HATE' LINGERS FOR COYOTES, STARS DALLAS' HATCHER GETS 7-GAME SUSPENSION

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 578 words


Robert Reichel and Stephen Leach scored goals and Nikolai Khabibulin posted his
eighth shutout as Phoenix beat the visiting Dallas Stars 2-0 Saturday in a
regular-season finale clouded by the injuries sustained by Coyotes center Jeremy
Roenick the last time they played.

A total of 31 penalties were called, including four misconducts and two game
misconducts. Because the game didn't affect Dallas' position as Western
Conference champion or Phoenix's fourth-place playoff seeding, it seemed
secondary on a day when the NHL suspended Stars defenseman Derian Hatcher for
seven games because of his season-ending blow to Roenick's head last Wednesday.

Although Hatcher denied he was retaliating for a March 23 incident in which
Roenick injured Dallas center Mike Modano, he broke Roenick's jaw in three
places with an elbow.

Stars Coach Ken Hitchcock decided to sit several key players -- including his
first line of Brett Hull, Modano and Jere Lehtinen -- in fear of injury.

"There's a rivalry. There's a hate," Hitchcock said of his team's recent battles
with the Coyotes.

Both goalies drew penalties in the first period. The Stars' Ed Belfour came out
of the crease and tripped Keith Tkachuk, drawing a misconduct, and Khabibulin
was penalized for roughing Jamie Langenbrunner in front of the net.

Belfour cross-checked Tkachuk in the second period. This time, Tkachuk
retaliated by punching Belfour and then Darryl Sydor, who jumped in and got a
game misconduct.

Hatcher's suspension will extend through the Stars' first five playoff games.

"It's a very severe penalty," Hitchcock said. "Both teams suffer.

Roenick was discharged from the hospital Saturday and met with reporters,
although his jaw was badly swollen and his broken right thumb bandaged from a
slash by Dallas' Craig Ludwig right before Hatcher's hit.

"I can't play in the playoffs, so I don't see why (Hatcher) should get to play
in the playoffs," Roenick said. "That's why I hope they get knocked out in the
first round."

DEVILS 4, PREDATORS 1:

Brendan Morrison had three assists to help New Jersey beat Nashville and set an
NHL record with its 28th road win.

The Devils, who also clinched their third consecutive Eastern Conference title,
broke the record set by Montreal twice during the late 1970s.

BLACKHAWKS 3, RED WINGS 2:

Tony Amonte scored his 44th goal early in the final period as host Chicago beat
Detroit and spoiled Chris Chelios' return.

"It's not the homecoming I expected," said Chelios, a Chicago native who spent 8
1/2 years with the Blackhawks before being traded March 23.

The former Chicago captain skated just four shifts, none in the final period.

BRUINS 2, SABRES 1:

Defenseman Hal Gill scored on a shot from the blue line with 14 seconds left in
overtime to lift host Boston over Buffalo.

ISLANDERS 7, PENGUINS 2:

Ziggy Palffy scored three goals, including two short-handed in less than a
minute, as New York won in Pittsburgh.

HURRICANES 1, SENATORS 1:

In Greensboro, N.C., Bates Battaglia's second-period goal gave Carolina a tie
with Ottawa.

CANADIENS 3, MAPLE LEAFS 2:

Brian Savage scored the go-ahead goal in the second period as host Montreal beat
playoff-bound Toronto.

PANTHERS 6, LIGHTNING 2:

In Sunrise, Fla., Kirk Muller ended a 56-game goal drought by scoring twice as
Florida completed a five-game series sweep of Tampa Bay.

OILERS 3, FLAMES 2:

Mike Grier scored twice to lead host Edmonton over Calgary.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ROUNDUP

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Roenick
[990418 SP 14C]

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 10, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sansom, 2 others linked for trial

BYLINE: CATHERINE DOLINSKI, cdolinski@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 212 words


Judge: Misconduct cases can be argued together.

By CATHERINE DOLINSKI

cdolinski@tampatrib.com

TALLAHASSEE - A Leon County judge ruled Wednesday that the state can prosecute
former House Speaker Ray Sansom and two other defendants at the same time on
charges of official misconduct.

The state will have to make its perjury cases against Sansom and another
defendant separately, however.

Sansom, developer Jay Odom and Northwest Florida State College ex-President Bob
Richburg face charges of official misconduct relating to Sansom's handling of a
$6 million appropriation. Sansom and Richburg also face perjury charges
connected to statements they made to a grand jury.

Circuit Judge Terry Lewis decided at a pretrial hearing Wednesday to what extent
he would consolidate the cases. He did not rule on prior motions by defense
attorneys to dismiss the charges.

The official misconduct trial is scheduled to begin Sept. 29, if Lewis
ultimately decides the case should go forward. State Attorney Willie Meggs will
have to prosecute Sansom and Richburg for perjury in separate trials at later
dates.

Reporter Catherine Dolinski can be reached at (850) 222-8382.

Photo: Sansom

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 15, 2007 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FSU FOOTBALL SUSPENSIONS COMING

BYLINE: JAMEY GIVENS; ANTONYA ENGLISH; BRENDAN GALELLA, Times correspondents;
Times staff writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


As Florida State began practicing for the Music City Bowl, suspensions loomed
from an ongoing investigation into academic misconduct.

Coach Bobby Bowden was mum on the players that could miss the game, but admitted
suspensions are forthcoming.

"They will make that announcement at the proper time," Bowden said.

The school announced the academic misconduct in September, with 23
student-athletesimplicated for receiving answers ahead of time to online tests.
Two football players have been tied to the investigation. Senior receiver and
former Plant City standout Joslin Shaw missed the first four games, and
sophomore defensive end Kevin McNeil has not played this season.

Jamey Givens, Times correspondent

UF: Tebow's cast off

GAINESVILLE - Tim Tebow had the cast removed from his right hand and wore a
protective brace at practice.

"I was able to do everything," the sophomore quarterback said after practice.
"It's weird, obviously, for the first time using it and being able to move the
wrist and everything."

Tebow received many congratulatory messages after winning the Heisman Trophy on
Saturday in New York. Among them: a text from country star Kenny Chesney (whom
Tebow said he talks with "every few weeks") and a handwritten letter from
President Bush.

"That was cool," Tebow said. "(Bush) wrote me a really nice letter thanking me
for having my priorities right and putting God first." See
blogs.tampabay.com/gators for a text of Bush's letter.

RUTLEDGE REPLACEMENT: Freshman Aaron Hernandez will start at tight end in place
of senior Eric Rutlege, who has been suspended for the Capital One Bowl game on
Jan.1.

Antonya English, Times staff writer

USF: New MLB sought

TAMPA - Strongside linebacker Tyrone McKenzie played middle linebacker last
season at Iowa State, but even with longtime middle starter Ben Moffitt
graduating, USF likely will not have any player switch positions. "I hope
(Tyrone) won't be playing there," defensive coordinator Wally Burnham said.
"He's played so well where he's at and I think having that consistency is what
would be best for the team."

Brendan Galella,Times correspondent

Nation

ARKANSAS: Paul Petrino, younger brother of new coach Bobby, was hired as
offensive coordinator.

DUKE: The Associated Press reported that Tennessee's offensive coordinator David
Cutcliffe was hired as coach.

HOUSTON: Kevin Sumlin, an assistant under Bob Stoops at Oklahoma the past five
seasons, agreed to a five-year deal to coach the Cougars.

LOUISVILLE: Receiver Mario Urrutia will bypass his senior season and enter the
NFL Draft.

MICHIGAN:The Detroit Free Press reported that West Virginia's Rich Rodriguez
discussed the coaching position with UM president Mary Sue Coleman and athletic
director Bill Martin.

Other sports

MEN'S SOCCER:Wake Forest and Ohio State reached Sunday's Division I final in
Cary, N.C.. Marcus Tracy scored twice in the second half to lead No.2 seed Wake
Forest (21-2-2) past ACC rival Virginia Tech in the semfinals. No.5 seed OSU
(17-3-5) defeated Massachusetts 1-0 on Eric Edwards' goal in the 52nd minute.

VOLLEYBALL: Top seed Stanford and No.3 Penn State meet in today's D-I
championship in Sacramento, Calif. Penn State beat Cal 3-0 late Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COMPILED FROM TIMES STAFF, WIRES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         South Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Bar Discipline Roundup: Charleston attorney disbarred, three lawyers reprimanded

BYLINE: David Donovan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 792  words


Attorney: Brian N. Davis

Location: Charleston

Bar membership: Member since 1996

Disciplinary action: Disbarred on Jan. 21

Background: The Supreme Court identified 26 different matters exhibiting
misconduct by Davis, involving at least 29 different clients. The misconduct
included altering documents in order to collect funds that were purportedly to
pay for title insurance, but that Davis never actually used to pay for title
insurance. This caused some lenders and owners to suffer losses as a result of
being left without insurance. In numerous incidents Davis misappropriated funds
from client trust accounts, and in several other incidents neglected litigation
matters. Because Davis failed to maintain records of financial transactions
required by state rules, the court was unable to determine the extent of the
misappropriation in some cases. The court denied Davis' request to impose the
disbarment retroactively to the date of his interim suspension. A complete
listing of the facts involved in the case is available on the South Carolina
Judicial Department's website.

Previous discipline: Davis had been on interim suspension since Aug. 12, 2013.



Attorney: John W. Howard III

Location: Greenville

Bar membership: Member since 1971

Disciplinary action: Publicly reprimanded on Jan. 21.

Background: The Supreme Court identified 10 matters involving misconduct by
Howard, including preparing an order recalling a bench warrant against a
client's ex-wife without consulting the client, failing to comply with repeated
requests for an accounting of escrow funds made by a client's husband,
disbursing net proceeds from a closing to the seller prior to depositing the
funds from the buyer, failing to keep a client reasonably informed regarding the
status of his case, failing to file a request for a final hearing in a divorce
case that led to the case being stricken from the roster, misplacing and failing
to timely record a deed, and disbursing checks that led to overdrafts from
Howard's trust account.

Previous discipline: Howard was publicly reprimanded in 1991.



Attorney: William D. Rhoad IV

Location: Bamberg

Bar membership: Member since 1987

Disciplinary action: Publicly reprimanded on Jan. 21

Background: Two clients, husband and wife, retained Rhoad to represent them in
separate matters. Rhoad failed to keep them reasonably informed regarding the
status of their cases. When they became dissatisfied with Rhoad's services, they
terminated representation and requested the return of their files. Rhoad had not
returned the files, but claimed the clients could not be located. Another client
retained Rhoad for representation in a slip-and-fall case. Rhoad signed a
consent motion to strike the case from the active court docket. Opposing counsel
signed a consent order to restore the case to the docket just before the
one-year deadline expired, but Rhoad failed to file the order and the case was
not restored within the one-year period. The client's case eventually settled
for far less than the original offer of settlement. Rhoad also failed to show up
in court on behalf of a client in a domestic matter.

Previous discipline: Rhoad's disciplinary history includes a deferred
disciplinary agreement in 2011 that cites some of the same Rules of Professional
Conduct cited in the current reprimand.



Attorney: David Weldon Gantt

Location: Simpsonville

Bar membership: Member since 1995

Disciplinary action: Publicly reprimanded on Jan. 21

Background: Gantt accepted an interest in a company being created by three of
his clients as payment for work performed for them. Although Gantt believed his
interest in the company was only 10 percent, documents prepared by his law
partner, Scott Pfeiffer, showed him as a 50 percent shareholder. Gantt
acknowledged that it was a conflict of interest for him to engage in a business
transaction with law firm clients, that he failed to ensure he fully disclosed
the transaction's terms in a manner easily understood by the clients, that he
failed to advise his clients in writing of the desirability of seeking advice
from independent counsel in forming the company, that he failed to communicate
to the clients adequate information about the risks and alternatives to entering
into a partnership with their attorney, and that he failed to obtain his
clients' informed consent in writing to waiving the conflict of interest.

Previous discipline: None



All information contained in the Bar Discipline Roundup is compiled from orders
issued by the South Carolina Supreme Court and edited by staff writer David
Donovan. He can be reached at david.donovan@sclawyersweekly.com

http://www.sclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 12, 2002, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Catholic leaders vow to banish misconduct

BYLINE: Cathy Lynn Grossman

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 638 words

Once again, within weeks of a previous apology, the leader of the U.S. Catholic
Church is publicly expressing regret and sorrow at yet another revelation in an
unraveling list of priests involved in sexual misconduct. The bishop of Palm
Beach, Fla., resigned Friday for sexual involvement with a minor, the second to
do so for the same reasons since 1998.

Belleville, Ill., Bishop Wilton D. Gregory, president of the United States
Conference of Catholic Bishops, first apologized in February after an onslaught
of revelations of priests, from Boston to Los Angeles, abusing minors and yet
remaining in parish posts.

Monday he again pledged to "work towards eliminating this kind of misconduct
from the life of the Catholic Church in our country."


But how?

Gregory is caught, say some experts, between the demands of Rome and the
expectations of Americans, between the church's culture of secrecy toward all
matters sexual and the demand for an administration that is open in its dealings
with both priests and parishioners.

Accentuating the problem: a drastic shortage of priests. Vocations plummeted
nearly 50% since 1965, while the U.S. Catholic population climbed 33% to 60
million.

R. Scott Appleby, director of the Cushwa Center for the Study of American
Catholicism at the University of Notre Dame, says the latest sexual scandals are
significantly different than revelations of clerical misconduct in the 1980s and
early 1990s, when the late Cardinal Joseph Bernardin was falsely accused of
sexual abuse and exonerated.

"The hierarchy came out of that dark period with not a triumph but a positive
note: A leader of great integrity falsely accused had been cleared. That
softened the impact but now you have the most powerful cardinal in the country
(Bernard Law of Boston, where a pedophile priest preyed on scores of children
for decades) implicated in mismanagement. Who knows where this will end?"

Appleby says the church must introduce "sweeping reforms in the screening of
seminarians" and nationally standardized procedures for dealing with abuse,
including removing a priest and turning him over to civil authorities if the man
is accused of committing a crime.

"Gregory has the moral authority and integrity to implement these changes," says
Appleby. But, and this is a big caveat, "He works ultimately for Rome. Rome has
not yet given clear signals on how the national churches should proceed. The
Vatican prefers for priests who are accused to be tried by canon law, not to be
exposed to civil courts. The age-old perspective is 'We discipline our priests.
They are in the world but not of the world.' "

If the church focuses on defense, it will miss the crucial need to focus on the
causes of its problems in the priesthood, says the Rev. Donald Cozzens, author
of The Changing Face of the Priesthood.

Cozzens, a former seminary rector now on sabbatical and working on another book
on the priesthood, says the past focus on "helping victims and making sure
priest-perpetrators don't do this again" left people imagining "all will be well
if we just get the bad apples away from children."

The fundamental issue, he says, is the screening and training of young men that
will allow them to face sexual issues as part of growing toward emotional
maturity.

Cozzens observes that emotional immaturity can be found among adults in any
sector of society (consider the divorce rate), but for a priest this can be a
devastating flaw.

"Is the seminary unwittingly inhibiting emotional maturity?" he asks. He is
studying the issue during his sabbatical.

"Many are making changes, trying hard to have a formation and education program
that addresses sexual issues," he says. "But it's still an atmosphere of denial
and repression."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: The Official Catholic
Directory; the Vatican's Annuarium Statisticum Ecclesiae; CARA research and
Georgetown University (LINE GRAPH); PHOTO, B/W, Lannis Waters, The Palm Beach
Post, via AP; Another admission: Bishop Anthony J. O'Connell of the Diocese of
Palm Beach resigned after admitting to misconduct 25 years ago. O'Connell's was
one in a series of such admissions.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

DANIEL RYAN;
Former Bishop dies at 85

BYLINE: Steven Spearie Correspondent

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 485 words


Most Reverend Daniel Ryan, who served as bishop of the Springfield Catholic
Diocese for 15 years but abruptly resigned in 1999, died Thursday in Naperville.
He was 85.

Ryan died at Sunrise of Naperville North, an assisted-living facility, said a
source in the Springfield diocese who didn't want to go on the record. Ryan, who
was bishop emeritus of the diocese, had been under hospice care.

His death was confirmed by several sources, including by Marlene Mulford, a
spokeswoman for the Springfield diocese.

An independent investigative report in 2006 stated that Ryan fostered "a culture
of secrecy" in the diocese that discouraged priests from coming forward with
information about sexual misconduct by other priests in the diocese, which
covers 28 counties in central Illinois. Personally plagued by sexual abuse
allegations, some masses that Ryan celebrated around the diocese were picketed,
though Ryan was never charged or prosecuted.

The 2006 report, authored by Springfield attorney and former state's attorney
and federal attorney Bill Roberts, said Ryan "engaged in sexual misconduct with
adults and used his authority to conceal this misconduct."

That report was put into motion by Ryan's successor, Bishop George Lucas, who is
now the archbishop of the Omaha, Nebraska, diocese.

Ryan continued to serve in an official capacity as as auxiliary bishop in the
Joliet Diocese, where he served as chancellor, vicar general and auxiliary
bishop before being named to replace Bishop Joseph A. McNicholas as bishop in
Springfield in 1983. Ryan later suspended his public duties in 2004.

In 1986, Ryan, a native of Mankato, Minnesota, publicly acknowledged his
treatment for alcoholism.

In a statement released by the Springfield diocese that was mostly biographical
and didn't mention the controversy surrounding Ryan, current Springfield diocese
bishop Thomas John Paprocki said "we commend (Ryan) to the mercy of God."

Some remembered his pastoral approach and affability. Donning an apron, Ryan
served dinners to the homeless on Thanksgiving and Christmas at St. John's
Breadline.

There were no immediate plans for a funeral Mass. Ryan donated his body to
science, a source confirmed.

Ryan briefly attended Cathedral Boys High School (later Griffin High School and
now Sacred Heart-Griffin High School) before entering the Passionist Prepartory
Seminary in St. Louis.

He attended St. Procopius Seminary in Lisle, where he earned a bachelor of arts
degree. Ryan was ordained a priest in 1956.

Ryan completed his postgraduate studies at the Pontifical Lateran University in
Rome, where he earned a license in canon, or church, law.

Ryan served in several parishes in the Joliet diocese before serving in a number
of administrative roles.

He was installed as Springfield's seventh bishop in early 1984.

-- Contact Steven Spearie:  spearie@hotmail.com, twitter.com@StevenSpearie,
facebook.com/steven.spearie.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Minneapolis cops face suits by the dozens

BYLINE: RANDY FURST; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1011 words



HIGHLIGHT: Misconduct by officers is alleged in 61 lawsuits against department.


The Minneapolis Police Department is defending itself against 61 lawsuits
alleging that officers used excessive force that led to injuries, 53 of them
filed from 2011 to 2013.

"I think there are so many it's hard to keep on top of all of them," said Teresa
Nelson, legal director of the Minnesota affiliate of the American Civil
Liberties Union (ACLU).

By contrast, St. Paul police face 19 pending misconduct lawsuits.

Minneapolis City Attorney Susan Segal said she does not consider the number of
misconduct suits against the city to be extraordinary.

"As the largest city in the state, we tend to get the most attention, positive
or negative," she e-mailed the Star Tribune. "Our Police Department has over a
million contacts per year with members of the public. A very few of those
interactions result in claims and lawsuits, as with any major metropolitan area
around the country."

If history is any indication, Minneapolis will win about half of those suits. Of
110 misconduct suits resolved since January 2011, 51 were dismissed by the court
or resulted in a favorable trial verdict for the city, says Peter Ginder,
Minneapolis deputy city attorney. In the other 59 cases, the city

made payouts.

While Ginder did not have exact data Wednesday, he estimated the city averaged
32 new cases of police misconduct annually since 2009. The number appears to be
increasing slightly since 2009, he said.

From 2006 to 2012, the city paid out about $14 million in police misconduct
cases, the Star Tribune reported in June. In May, it agreed to pay out $3
million for the 2010 death of a black homeless man restrained by police at the
downtown YMCA that the medical examiner ruled a homicide.

In two incidents that have garnered much publicity in recent weeks - one in
Apple Valley, the other in Green Bay, Wis. - white officers made racist remarks
and got into fights with blacks, according to police reports. But many other
incidents of alleged Minneapolis police misbehavior have drawn no headlines.

A rogue subset of officers?

Darryl Gill says two officers arrested him outside a downtown nightclub on a
traffic warrant in April 2012. They "roughly" took him to the ground, injuring
his ribs, grabbed a dreadlock, pulling it out of his scalp, his suit says.

Gill, who was 33 at the time, told an officer he'd knock him out if he were not
in handcuffs. The officer "responded to Gill's statement by violently jerking
Gill's left arm so hard that he fractured Gill's wrist in two places," his suit
claims. His medical expenses were $3,500. Obstructing legal process charges were
dropped, the suit said.

"There are some good professional police officers," said Robert Bennett, whose
law firm has won millions of dollars in cases against the city. But Bennett,
whose firm represents Gill, says there's a subset of officers that "act with
impunity." He said some clients are white and some officers he sues are
minorities, so misconduct comes from a police view that they can "get away with
it," rather than racial bias, he says.

Melvin Dickerson Jr., 46, claims he was refused admission to Lee's Liquor Lounge
on Oct. 29, 2011, by a bouncer. After Dickerson sat down on the curb, police
officers ordered him to leave the sidewalk. Dickerson said he had a right to be
there.

The suit, also brought by the Bennett firm, says officer Sundiata Bronson
grabbed Dickerson by the shirt and wrist, started to walk away, then "rammed
Dickerson front-first into a large window in front of Lee's," which shattered.
The broken glass caused "significant lacerations" to Dickerson's face, wrist and
a finger, requiring 22 sutures. Charges against him were dismissed.

In its response, the city says "to gain control" of Dickerson, Bronson "placed"
Dickerson "against a window for leverage and admits the window broke."

"A lot of street officers think they can use excessive, even deadly, force
without any real fear of repercussions," said Albert Goins, an attorney who
represents individuals who allege police misconduct.

Retired Sgt. Al Berryman, past president of the Minneapolis Police Federation,
says department culture does not foster police violence.

"Cops ... go into dangerous situations, into tumultuous situations, and try to
make decision for their safety and for the victim," he said. "You have fights
and people get hurt and there are broken bones.

"I do believe cops, like everyone else, make mistakes," he said. "You're
excited, you're scared, you're nervous, and you react, and sometimes you react
and wish you could undo it."

Lacerations, but no charges

Adolphas Baldwin, 26, alleges in a suit that on Nov. 28, 2011, he was walking
home with groceries about 7 p.m. with a distant cousin in north Minneapolis when
two officers got out of a patrol car and pointed their guns at them. His hands
in the air, Baldwin claims, he said words to the effect of, "I guess you all
have nothing better to do."

The officers allegedly struck him in the head and threw him to the ground, the
suit alleges. While his cousin was handcuffed, one officer allegedly kicked
Baldwin in the back, head and upper body. He was handcuffed, and the two were
put in a squad car.

The officers then let the two men leave without issuing a citation, the suit
says. Baldwin went home, called 911 and was taken by ambulance to the hospital,
where it took two staples to close a scalp laceration.

The officers followed him to the hospital and gave him a citation for
obstruction and spitting on the sidewalk. The charges later were dropped.

Segal says that just because a suit is brought "does not mean that there was
wrongdoing by an officer."

The city attorney's office went to trial in 15 of the 110 resolved suits from
2009 to the present and won favorable verdicts 13 times. In the 59 cases where
it made payouts, the city often did not admit it was at fault, figuring that
settling would be cheaper than risking an adverse verdict. Lawyers' fees runs
hundreds of dollars an hour. In the David Smith settlement, $1.9 million of the
city's $3 million payout went to the attorneys for Smith's family.

Randy Furst · 612-673-4224

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 25, 2012 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

NATION DIGEST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: 0


Prosecutors in Stevens case suspended

The Justice Department's internal ethics watchdog said Thursday that two
prosecutors in the bungled corruption case against then-Sen. Ted Stevens engaged
in reckless professional misconduct by failing to disclose information favorable
to the lawmaker, who eight days after his 2008 conviction lost re-election to
the seat he held for 40 years.

The Office of Professional Responsibility, however, did not find that the
misconduct was intentional. A career Justice Department official decided one
prosecutor should be suspended for 40 days without pay and the second prosecutor
should be suspended for 15 days without pay.

A jury convicted Stevens on Oct. 27, 2008, of seven felony counts of lying on
Senate financial disclosure documents to hide hundreds of thousands of dollars
in home renovations and gifts from wealthy friends. The judge in the case
dismissed Stevens' conviction in April 2009 after the Justice Department
admitted misconduct. Stevens died in a plane crash on Aug. 9, 2010.

Muslim soldier convicted in plot - A federal jury has convicted a Muslim soldier
of attempting to blow up a Texas restaurant full of Fort Hood troops. The jury
convicted Pfc. Naser Jason Abdo of the most serious charge, attempting to use a
weapon of mass destruction, which could land him in prison for life. Abdo also
was convicted of attempted murder of U.S. officers or employees, and four counts
of possessing a weapon in furtherance of a federal crime of violence.

Newspaper ends some print editions - The Times-Picayune, one of the nation's
oldest newspapers, will no longer offer print editions seven days a week and
instead plans to offer three printed issues a week starting in the fall. The
change means New Orleans would become the largest metro area in the nation
without a daily newspaper in the digital age.

The changes announced Thursday were combined with similar moves at three major
Alabama daily newspapers also owned by the Newhouse family group's Advance
Publications. The Birmingham News, the Press-Register in Mobile and The
Huntsville Times will switch to publishing three days a week as part of a new
focus on online news. At all four papers, there will be unspecified staff cuts.
All four will continue to publish continuously on their websites.

N.J. moves ahead with sports betting - Sports betting could be up and running
this fall in New Jersey under a plan that would defy a federal ban on such
wagering in all but four states. Gov. Chris Christie, who earlier this year
signed a sports betting law, says New Jersey will act on its own to implement
sports betting.

During a speech Thursday in Atlantic City, Christie said he expects the federal
government might try to stop the plan. But he's confident the state will
prevail. The U.S. Justice Department declined to comment on Thursday.

Sports bets would be taken at Atlantic City casinos and the state's four horse
tracks.

- Read more national news at stltoday.com/news/national.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 23, 2012 Monday

Prosecutor to review investigation of alleged misconduct involving Martinsville
teachers

BYLINE: Russ McQuaid, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 236 words


April 23--A Johnson County deputy prosecutor has been assigned to take over the
Indiana State Police investigation into allegations of misconduct involving
employees of the Martinsville School Corporation.

Deputy Prosecutor Doug Cummins is now in charge of reviewing the investigation
of Jeff McGown, a second grade Martinsville teacher.  McGown is also
Martinsville High School's girls tennis coach.

McGown was placed on administrative leave in early April after allegations of
sexual misconduct came to light.

Prosecutor Steve Sonnega sought a special prosecutor because he, "has both a
personal and professional relationship with other persons involved in the
investigation."

Sonnega indicated that relatives may have been interviewed by investigators as
witnesses.

In February, the Martinsville School Board allowed a longtime teacher and coach,
Tim Wolf, to retire after he was found semi-nude in an Indianapolis park with a
student.

A parent of a student who first blew the whistle on the Wolf case said school
officials and a lawyer tried to intimidate his son during questioning in the
office of the Martinsville High School principal.

"Well, to quote one of his friends, he felt like everything he was saying was
being twisted and turned."

Martinsville school officials were unavailable for comment.

___ (c)2012 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120423-5IN-Prosecutor-to-review-investigation-of-alleged-misconduct
-involving-Martinsville-teachers-0423-20120423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2012 WXIN-TV

                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

Misconduct reporting law struck down by Minnesota Court of Appeals

BYLINE: Barbara L. Jones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1251  words


A law that makes it a crime to make false reports about police misconduct
violates the First Amendment, the Court of Appeals has ruled.

Since the law, Minn. Stat. sec. 609.505, subd. 2, does not make it a crime to
make false favorable reports about police, it is impermissible viewpoint
discrimination, the court said.

"Because the distinction between false critical information and false
exonerating information discriminates based on the viewpoint of the speaker and
does not fit under a recognized exception to content discrimination, this
subdivision of the statute violates the First Amendment," wrote Judge David
Minge in State v. Crawley,  in a 2-1 decision.

The law sets up a separate standard for police and other citizens, and there's
the rub, said Scott Flaherty, a Minneapolis attorney serving as special
assistant public defender.   "There's a different standard if a police officer
lies to protect him or herself [or another officer]," he said. In contrast,
federal law makes it a crime for anyone to lie during an official investigation,
he said.

The state is already working on its petition for review, said Assistant Winona
County Attorney Stephanie E. Nuttall.   "When false reports are allowed there is
an extra cost to society and to the officers," she said.

The case, with its constitutional issue and a dissent, would seem to be a prime
candidate for high court review, said Minneapolis attorney Marshall Tanick. "I
suspect most states have laws like this," he said. (Federal courts have struck
down similar laws in California and Nevada.)

The opinion is a "tour de force of First Amendment law," said Minneapolis
attorney Mark Anfinson, who practices in the area.   "It exemplifies that [in
interpreting the First Amendment] we've gone out to these rarefied peninsulas
factually where reasonable minds can differ.   I love the majority opinion and
the dissent is credible," he said.

Abigail Richey-Allen was one of three volunteer attorneys at the Maslon firm who
drafted and submitted an amicus brief for the Minnesota Civil Liberties Union.
"One of the promises of democracy is that we can speak freely - and even
critically - about our government.   The Court of Appeals decision helps ensure
that Minnesotans are not deprived of this important right," she said in a
release sent by the group shortly after the decision was issued.

Falsely reporting police misconduct

The defendant filed a report of police misconduct with the Winona Police
Department, wherein she allegedly falsely asserted that a police officer forged
her signature on a medical release. After a nurse said she witnessed the
defendant signing the release, she was charged with falsely reporting police
misconduct under Minn. Stat. sec. 609.505, subd. 2, and falsely reporting a
crime, Minn. Stat.

sec. 609.505, subd. 1 (2006).

Subdivision 2 provides, "Whoever informs, or causes information to be
communicated to, a peace officer, whose responsibilities include investigating
or reporting police misconduct, that a peace officer . . . has committed an act
of police misconduct, knowing that the information is false, is guilty of a
crime. "

After the defendant was convicted by a jury, the judge dismissed the subd. 1
charge as a lesser included offense and sentenced her to 195 days in jail, 180
stayed for two years with conditions.

The Court of Appeals reversed and remanded for resentencing on the
lesser-included count.

Opinion relies on 'R.A.V. '

The court first acknowledged that free speech protections are not absolute and
an intentional lie, such as the speech at issue, may be restricted because it
does not advance society's interest in uninhibited, robust and wide-open debate.
Furthermore, knowingly making false statements against governmental agencies
disrupts the operation of those agencies. The state asserted that the disruption
of police functions and investigations was a proper basis for the law.

But the government cannot pick and choose which falsehoods to prohibit so as to
criminalize certain false statements but not others based on the content of the
speech or the viewpoint of the speaker, the court said.

The court turned to the U.S. Supreme Court case of R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul,
which said that a St. Paul ordinance banning cross burning as a hate crime when
the cross burning intimidated a victim based on race, color, creed or gender was
unconstitutional.   In R.A.V., the ordinance criminalized certain "fighting
words," but only if applied to certain content, and would allow "fighting words"
used, for example, in support of racial equality.

"The provision challenged in this case punishes only those known falsehoods that
are critical of police conduct," Minge wrote. "Like the ordinance invalidated in
R.A.V., this distinction singles out a certain viewpoint for punishment:
knowingly making false statements that assert or confirm an allegation of an
officer's misconduct is criminal, while knowingly making false statements to
absolve an officer of wrongdoing is not. "

Although R.A.V. recognizes exceptions to content discrimination, the court
determined that none of the exceptions applied.   Even though a known falsehood
is proscribable, the statute only prohibits false statements that are critical
of police.   Although the state argued that false statements of police
misconduct disrupt internal processes, so do false statements absolving police.

  There is no demonstration that the ordinance has a secondary effect, such as
reducing the costs associated with false reports  that justify the regulation,
without respect to its content.   And, the effect of the statute is not
innocuous.

"A citizen's right to criticize public officials is a core part of the First
Amendment," Minge wrote.

Strict scrutiny

The court then determined that the statute was subject to the strict scrutiny
test, and that it failed because it was not narrowly tailored to meet a
compelling government interest.

"[T]he state's arguments under strict scrutiny are significantly hampered by the
existence of alternative methods that could combat the harm caused by false
statements that disturb government functions in a content-neutral manner," wrote
Minge.   Federal law prohibits making any knowingly false statements to federal
officers, for example, he pointed out.

The court did not address the argument by the plaintiff and amicus curiae that
the law is overbroad and has a chilling effect on protected speech by
discouraging good-faith complaints.   The issue was not raised before the trial
court and was not necessary to the decision based on viewpoint-based speech
restriction.

Dissent:  speech is defamatory

Judge James C. Harten, a retired judge sitting by appointment, dissented, taking
issue with the majority's classification of lies as a form of proscribable
speech rather than just defamation.

Allegations of professional miconduct by police are defamatory and the only
brand of proscribable speech applicable in the case, Harten said. The state
should not have the ability to criminalize all lies, regardless of whether they
inflict harm, he added.

"Knowingly false statements have only been deemed proscribable when they are
harmful," the judge wrote. "But if the category of proscribable speech is merely
knowing falsehoods, the state could in blanket fashion criminalize all lies,
regardless of whether they inflict harm. For the state to have authority to
punish a starving person's response, 'I'm well,' to  the question, "How are
you?," surely runs against notions of expressive freedom. "

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 17, 1984 Tuesday

Rangers romp   to 8-5 triumph

BYLINE: AL STRACHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 498 words

DATELINE: New York NY


By  AL STRACHAN   Globe and Mail Reporter
     NEW YORK  - Detroit Red Wings are a team in a slump, and last night
 they showed why.

They combined horrible defensive play with weak goaltending, and the
 Rangers, taking advantage of the situation, breezed to an 8-5 National
 Hockey League victory.

The loss was the Red Wings' sixth in a row and left them two points
 behind Toronto Maple Leafs in the basement of the Norris Division.

Ranger rookie Peter Sundstrom was the primary beneficiary of the Wings'
 largesse as he scored three successive goals. The first was on a breakaway
 when the Wing defence was caught out of position; the next two were
 deflections when Sundstrom was left unchecked in front of the Detroit
 goal.

The Wings made other errors. Defenceman Reed Larson waltzed out from
 behind his own net and had the puck knocked off his stick and into the net
 by Don Maloney.

There was also a major mental error by Lane Lambert. Dave Maloney
 cross-checked him and was about to draw a five-minute penalty. But Lambert
 jumped on Maloney and punched him, earning himself a major to even things
 up.

Because of such mistakes, the Rangers produced their best offensive
 game of the season.
    N.Y Rangers 8,
  Detroit 5
                                 AT NEW YORK
                                First Period
   1. N.Y. Rangers, Hedberg 19th (Pavelich, Greschner), 8:29.
    2.  N.Y. Rangers, Larouche 28th (Sundstrom), 10:27.
    3. Detroit, Yzerman 28th (Lambert, Ogrodnick), 17:02.
    4. N.Y. Rangers, Sundstrom 15th (Larouche, Laidlaw), 19:32.

Penalties - Barrett, (D) 2:18; McClanahan (NYR) 5:05; Park (D) 10:45;
 Dave Maloney (NYR) 12:44.
                                Second Period
   5. N.Y. Rangers, Sundstrom 16th (Laidlaw, Ruotsalainen), 0:13.
    6. N.Y. Rangers, Sundstrom 17th (Don Maloney, Larouche), 11:20.
    7. Detroit, Ogrodnick 30th (Boldirev, Park), 12:12.
    8. N.Y. Rangers, Don Maloney 16th (unassisted), 15:04.
    9. Detroit, Boldirev 16th (Park), 15:47.
   10. N.Y. Rangers, Greschner 6th (Larouche), 19:09.

Penalties - Laidlaw (NYR), Rogers (NYR) (major), Barrett (D) (major)
 11:35; Do. Maloney (NYR) 15:27; Dave Maloney (NYR) (major) 16:10; Lambert
 (D) 16:10.
                                Third Period
   11. Detroit, Boldirev 17th (Kisio, G. Smith), 8:58.
   12. Detroit, Dunlop 5th (unassisted), 10:45.
   13. N.Y. Rangers, Larouche 29th (Beck), 19:49.

Penalties - Paterson (D) (major) (doublegame misconduct), Dave Maloney
 (NYR) (major, game misconduct), Gare (D) (major, game misconduct), Foster
 (D) (major, game misconduct), Pavelich (NYR) (major double-game
 misconduct), 10:36; Barrett (D) 15:14; Allison (NYR) (minor, double major)
 , Ladouceur (D) (minor-double major), Campbell (D) (major, game
 misconduct), Greschner (NYR) (major ,game misconduct) 15:31; N.Y.R.
 (bench), 16:48.
                                Shots on Goal
 Detroit                6  9 15-30
 N.Y. Rangers          17 12  7-36
   Goaltenders - Detroit, Micalef; Stefan; N.Y. Rangers, Weeks.

Attendance - 17,425.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              March 2, 2009 Monday

DEVILS SUMMARY

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Devils

LENGTH: 302 words


Pirates 6, Devils 1

Cumberland County CC, Portland

Lowell 0 0 1 -- 1

Portland 3 1 2 -- 6

First Period--1, Portland, Schutz 11 (Whitmore, Bonneau), 4:17. 2, Portland,
Hunter 3 (Bouck, Kostka), 5:32. 3, Portland, Fretter 19 11:13.
Penalties--Ruggeri Low (hooking), 1:33; Kostka Por (holding), 7:36;
Letourneau-Leblond Low (fighting), 15:00; Bonneau Por (fighting), 15:00.

Second Period--4, Portland, MacAulay 1 (Mancari, Zagrapan), 11:37.
Penalties--Darche Por (tripping), 10:39; Vasyunov Low (tripping), 11:13.

Third Period--5, Lowell, Bergfors 15 (Vasyunov, Swift), 1:11 (pp). 6, Portland,
Slattengren 9 (Bouck, Gragnani), 1:48. 7, Portland, Darche 19 (Gerbe, MacAulay),
9:21. Penalties--Kostka Por (tripping), 0:44; Rheaume Low (interference), 4:03;
Gerbe Por (slashing), 4:03; Cohen Low (slashing), 6:42; MacAulay Por (slashing),
6:42; Letourneau-Leblond Low (roughing), 9:21; Ruggeri Low (roughing), 9:21;
Gerbe Por (roughing), 9:21; MacAulay Por (roughing), 9:21; Fraser Low (fighting,
game misconduct - secondary altercation, game misconduct - physical abuse of
officials), 10:44; Murphy Low (game misconduct - third man in), 10:44; Swift Low
(fighting), 10:44; Bonneau Por (goaltender interference, roughing, fighting,
misconduct - unsportsmanlike conduct), 10:44; Mancari Por (fighting, game
misconduct - secondary altercation), 10:44; Letourneau-Leblond Low (misconduct -
unsportsmanlike conduct), 11:29; Halischuk Low (slashing), 16:50; Magnan Low
(unsportsmanlike conduct), 18:21; Gerbe Por (unsportsmanlike conduct), 18:21.

Shots on Goal--Lowell 11-9-14-34. Portland 9-12-9-30. Power-play
opportunities--Lowell 1 of 6; Portland 0 of 4. Goalies--Lowell, Clemmensen (30
shots, 24 saves). Portland, Briggs (34 shots, 33 saves). A--5,460.
Referees-Ghislain Hebert (49). Linesmen--David Spannaus (8), Luke Galvin (2).

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              July 03, 2015 Friday

Theft, misconduct alleged Probe: 2 county workers cheated taxpayers over course
of 6 years

BYLINE: Edith Brady-Lunny eblunny@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 406 words


BLOOMINGTON -- Two McLean County maintenance employees are charged with official
conduct, including stealing cleaning supplies from the county and working
another job during their working hours.

Michael Glass, 42, of the 1800 block of Jacobssen Drive, Normal, and Richard
Gilliam, 47, of Harry Drive, Bloomington, face theft and official conduct
charges for illegal acts spanning more than six years, according to charges.

McLean County State's Attorney Jason Chambers said Thursday the sheriff's
department began its investigation into the alleged misconduct in May, and the
probe is ongoing.

Glass, employed by the county since 2004, is charged with official misconduct
and theft of government property, the cleaning supplies. The official misconduct
charge against Glass states that he was paid for cleaning services at another
location when he was supposed to be working his county job.

Gilliam, employed for 23 years by the county and assigned as supervisor over
about 20 workers, is charged with theft of government property valued at more
than $500, official misconduct and forgery. The forgery charge states that
Gilliam filed false time cards for himself and other workers.

 Gilliam ordered unneeded cleaning supplies to obtain gift cards from vendors,
according to a statement read in court by First Assistant State's Attorney Adam
Ghrist.

The alleged offenses, all felonies, took place between May 29, 2009, and June
30, said the charges.

Ghrist said the two night-shift employees took home large amounts of cleaning
supplies purchased with public money. Among the items ordered by Gilliam were
nine cases of laundry detergent, a cleaning product the county had no need for,
said Ghrist.

The prosecutor told Associate Judge Pablo Eves that the two suspects admitted
their misconduct to police.

The workers also are accused of a scheme in which maintenance employees rotated
taking extra nights off but received full pay because Gilliam falsified the time
cards.

The evidence collected by sheriff's investigators includes a message on
Gilliam's phone to an employee informing him that "tonight is your night for a
night off," according to the prosecutor.

Gilliam was jailed in lieu of posting $1,025 and Glass in lieu of $525 following
a hearing Thursday in circuit court.

County Administrator Bill Wasson said the employment status of Gilliam and Glass

 is under review.

Both workers are scheduled for arraignments on July 10.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph

                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Leopold to appear before appeals courtal Appeals early next year

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG abourg@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 218  words


ANNAPOLIS - Former Anne Arundel County Executive John R. Leopold will appear
before the Maryland Court of Special Appeals early next year, nearly a year
after being convicted of misconduct in office.

Terri Bowling, a spokeswoman for the Maryland Judiciary, said the appeals court
will hold a hearing on Leopold's case in January, though an exact date hasn't
been set.

Leopold, 70, a Republican, was in the second year of his second term in office
when he was indicted on charges of misconduct and misappropriation for misusing
his county police executive protection detail. On Jan. 29, he was found guilty
of two counts of misconduct for ordering those officers to empty his catheter
bag and do campaign work for him.

He resigned from office three days later. In March, he was sentenced him to two
years in jail, with all but 60 days suspended. He served half of that time in
the Jennifer Road Detention Center, then two weeks on house arrest, after
getting good behavior credits.

Leopold filed an appeal of his case when he was sentenced.

He also was sentenced to 400 hours of community service, which he is completing
at the Anne Arundel County Food Bank. In addition, he was ordered to pay a
$100,000 fine, or $75,000 if he paid it directly to the county. Leopold paid
Anne Arundel County $75,000 in April.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Anne Arundel County Executive John R. Leopold.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday

Supreme Court's IRC decision divides GOP, Dems

BYLINE: Chris McDaniel, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


Nov. 19--The decision by the Arizona Supreme Court to reinstate Colleen Mathis
to the Independent Redistricting Commission this week after she was fired by
Gov. Brewer has divided Republicans and Democrats.

"It is a disaster for Yuma," said State Senator Don Shooter (R-Yuma), who added
it is his hope that Brewer will once again fire Mathis in the near future.

"There is a good chance she will get yanked again," he said. "If you look at the
ruling, it doesn't disagree, it just says the governor has to be more specific."

Shooter cited the Arizona State Constitution on the issue, which states, "After
having been served written notice and provided with an opportunity for a
response, a member of the Independent Redistricting Commission may be removed by
the governor, with the concurrence of two-thirds of the senate, for substantial
neglect of duty, gross misconduct in office, or inability to discharge the
duties of office."

Shooter believes Mathis is guilty of gross misconduct, and therefore should be
removed once again from her position.

"Whenever I hear paper shredding, I think gross misconduct," he said. "Whenever
I hear stonewalling testimony, I think gross misconduct. Whenever I hear lawyer
up, I think gross misconduct."

But Shooter fears the draft maps currently proposed by the IRC will become a
reality before Brewer has a chance to fire Mathis once more.

"The ridiculous maps these brigands have drawn up could stand, and that is
intolerable to me. I think the Supreme Court has stirred up a hornet's nest.
Hopefully we can channel that anger and the righteous indignation."

Andrei Cherny, Arizona Democratic Party chairman, calls the attempt to remove
Mathis again a "power grab."

"Republicans won't stop until they own the next 10 years of Arizona elections,"
he said. "For the sake of good government and fair elections, their schemes must
be exposed and these politicians must be held accountable. The Supreme Court's
ruling was the ultimate check on power-hungry politicians who thought they
answered to no one."

Shooter believes the Supreme Court has shown a bias towards the left.

"If you were true to your title, Justice, you would compel Mathis to testify on
the crimes she has been accused of. It is obvious they are complicit in this."

Shooter called the IRC a "poster child" for partisan politics.

"For a commission that is supposed to remove politics and instill transparency
in the process, the exact opposite has happened," he said. "They are the least
transparent. In the old system you had to corrupt 48 people, and in this one you
only have to corrupt one, and that has obviously happened."

In stark contrast, Arizona Democratic Party executive director Luis Heredia
believes it is the Governor and the Republicans in the Arizona Legislature who
have brought politics into the process.

"I think the issues that were raised, and the people that commented, will be
deliberated through the commission as it is doing its process. We have to allow
the commission to do its work. The public comment period is over. Unfortunately
it was during a period of partisan games being played by the governor and the
congressional delegation."

The ousting of Mathis was a prime example of those schemes, Heredia continued.

"What we have seen is a disregard of the process and the Supreme Court of the
state has (ruled) that the partisan games need to be set aside and this
independent commission needs to do its work."

___ (c)2011 The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) Visit The Sun (Yuma, Ariz.) at www.yumasun.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111119-YZ-Supreme-Court-s-IRC-decision-divides-GOP-Dems-1119-20111119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2011 The Sun

                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 14, 2015 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Temple announces steps to deal with sexual assault on campus

BYLINE: By Kristen A. Graham; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com Education; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 621 words


Temple University said Thursday that it would add training, revise its student
code of conduct, and take other steps to better handle sexual assaults on
campus.

The announcement by president Neil D. Theobald came nearly a year after he
appointed a committee to study Temple's handling of sexual misconduct, and comes
amid a backdrop of universities under scrutiny for their sexual-assault policies
and procedures.

The committee was formed after the U.S. Department of Education said Temple was
among 55 colleges under investigation for their handling of sexual assaults and
harassment on campus.

"Sexual misconduct is a serious issue, and we must all work together to create
and maintain a safe, respectful, and welcoming environment on our campus,"
Theobald said in a campuswide email sent Thursday afternoon. "The committee's
review of efforts at other universities makes it clear that there is no easy,
straightforward solution. The plans we have developed further enhance the
information, support services, and fair proceedings that are available to all
parties."

The committee, made up of faculty, staff, and students, was chaired by Laura
Siminoff, a public health expert who is dean of the College of Public Health. It
submitted its report to Theobald in April.

Theobald, in the email, spelled out several changes going into the new academic
year. He said the university has made sexual-misconduct information more
accessible through a new website that spells out how to report incidents and get
support. Also, the school has updated its code of conduct "to enhance internal
processes for handling sexual misconduct complaints."

It will also bring on board a retired judge specially trained in handling
sexual-misconduct cases to conduct certain hearings.

The committee urged more education regarding sexual misconduct, and Theobald
agreed.

Now, all Temple sophomores, juniors, and seniors will have annual online
training. (Incoming freshmen already have such training.) Small-group training
is also available throughout the year, and the university will raise the issue
of expanding such programs to faculty and staff as appropriate.

Theobald said his office would provide funding to act on some of the services
and efforts recommended by the committee. Among the recommendations are:
providing counseling and hotline services 24 hours a day; allowing for anonymous
reporting of sexual misconduct; offering amnesty to victims of sexual misconduct
for alcohol- and drug-related infractions that occur in conjunction with an
incident of sexual misconduct; and investing in additional support for
counseling, support, and education.

Theobald declined to adopt one of the commission's major recommendations:
creating a centralized sexual misconduct office.

"I believe we have the capacity and skills needed to oversee these efforts
without creating another administrative office at Temple," Theobald wrote. He
promised to revisit the recommendation if there was an indication that he was
wrong.

The president pledged that "lack of resources will not be the reason that the
university is unable to carry out these critical duties."

Theobald has appointed Anne Nadol, a university assistant vice president, to
oversee the efforts.

In a statement, Theobald said he was proud of the committee's work.

"Taking the pulse of our students, and understanding their perspectives and
needs, remains the most important factor in how we address these important
issues," he said. "The committee did an outstanding job of polling our students,
reviewing best practices, and making recommendations tailored to the specific
needs identified by students here at Temple."

kgraham@phillynews.com

215-854-5146 @newskag

www.philly.com/schoolfiles


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           February 20, 2010 Saturday

No misconduct for interrogation lawyers

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 749 words


WASHINGTON (AP)   Justice Department lawyers showed "poor judgment" but did not
commit professional misconduct when they authorized CIA interrogators to use
waterboarding and other harsh tactics at the height of the U.S. war on
terrorism, an internal review released Friday found.

The decision closes the book on one of the major lingering investigations into
the counterterrorism policies of George W. Bush's administration.

President Barack Obama campaigned on abolishing the simulated drowning technique
of waterboarding and other tactics that he called torture, but he left open the
question of whether anyone would be punished for authorizing such methods.

An initial review by the Justice Department's internal affairs unit found that
former government lawyers Jay Bybee and John Yoo committed professional
misconduct, a conclusion that could have cost them their law licenses.

But the Justice Department's top career lawyer reviewed the matter and
disagreed.

"This decision should not be viewed as an endorsement of the legal work that
underlies those memoranda," Assistant Deputy Attorney General David Margolis
wrote in a memo released Friday.

Margolis, the top nonpolitical Justice Department lawyer and a veteran of
several administrations, called the legal memos "flawed" and said that, at every
opportunity, they gave interrogators as much leeway as possible under U.S.
torture laws.

But he said Yoo and Bybee were not reckless and did not knowingly give incorrect
advice, the standard for misconduct.

The Office of Professional Responsibility, led by another veteran career
prosecutor, Mary Patrice Brown, disagreed.

"Situations of great stress, danger and fear do not relieve department attorneys
of their duty to provide thorough, objective and candid legal advice, even if
that advice is not what the client wants to hear," her team wrote in a report
that criticized the memos for a "lack of thoroughness, objectivity and candor."

The internal report also faulted then-Attorney General John Ashcroft and
then-Criminal Division chief Michael Chertoff for not scrutinizing the memos and
recognizing their flaws, but the report did not cite them for misconduct.

Yoo is now a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley, and Bybee
is a federal judge on the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals based in San
Francisco. The decision spares them any immediate sanctions, though state bar
associations could independently take up the matter.

The memos authorized CIA interrogators to use waterboarding, keep detainees
naked, hold them in painful standing positions and keep them in the cold for
long periods of time. Other techniques included depriving them of solid food and
slapping them. Sleep deprivation, prolonged shackling and threats to a
detainee's family were also used.

The memos have been embroiled in national security politics for years. Democrats
say the Bush administration used shoddy lawyering to legitimize the use of
torture. The memos laid out a broad interpretation of executive power, one the
previous administration used to authorize warrantless wiretapping and secret
prisons.

Republicans said the memos, authored by two well-respected attorneys, gave the
CIA the authority it needed to keep America safe in the panic-filled months
after the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. Many have criticized the Obama
administration for trying to politicize legal advice.

"We can only hope that the department's decision will establish once and for all
that dedicated public officials may have honest disagreements on difficult
matters of legal judgment without violating ethical standards," Bybee's lawyer,
Maureen Mahoney, said Friday.

Yoo's lawyer, Miguel Estrada, was more pointed. During the lengthy
investigation, Estrada accused internal investigators of trying to be "Junior
Varsity CIA" that second-guessed intelligence decisions. Friday, he said the two
lawyers never deserved to be investigated in the first place.

"The only thing that warrants an ethical investigation out of this entire sorry
business is the number of malicious allegations against Professor Yoo and Judge
Bybee that leaked out of the department during the last year," Estrada said.

Obama has said CIA interrogators who relied on the memos will not face charges
for their behavior. A separate criminal inquiry is under way into whether a
handful of CIA operatives crossed the line, leading to the death of detainees.


Associated Press writers Devlin Barrett and Pete Yost contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Digital privacy group retools to shed dark image

BYLINE: NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO

ABSTRACT

The former public face of the nonprofit promoter of anonymizing software was
pushed out under a cloud of sexual misconduct allegations.

FULL TEXT

The Tor Project, a nonprofit digital privacy group, has replaced its board with
a new slate of directors as part of a larger shake-up after allegations of
sexual misconduct by a prominent employee.

The Tor Project promotes the use of software that helps internet users mask
their online identities and whereabouts; the software was developed by the
United States Naval Research Laboratory nearly 20 years ago. Tor is regarded as
a useful tool to evade online tracking and government surveillance.

But the Tor Project has been plagued by controversy, most recently involving
allegations of  sexual misconduct by Jacob Appelbaum, the 33-year-old public
face of Tor, who was asked to step down from the group in May.

Last December, the Tor Project appointed a new executive director, Shari Steele,
who  had previously spent 15 years as the executive director of the Electronic
Frontier Foundation.

Mr. Appelbaum has dodged allegations of inappropriate sexual conduct for years,
and was suspended for two weeks last spring because of accusations of
harassment. In May, new revelations of sexual misconduct emerged, and Ms. Steele
led a push for Mr. Appelbaum's resignation. She said the Tor Project had been
working with an independent investigator to look into the claims.

Mr. Appelbaum denied the accusations. In a statement last month, he said: ''I
want to be clear: The allegations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are
entirely false.'' His publicist did not respond to further requests for comment.

After the controversy, all seven of Tor's board members agreed to give up their
seats to make room for a new slate. In a joint statement on Wednesday, they
said, ''It is time that we pass the baton of board oversight as the Tor Project
moves into its second decade of operations.''

The new board is part of Ms. Steele's broader restructuring as she seeks to
promote the legitimacy of the Tor Project. Apart from dealing with the
allegations over Mr. Appelbaum, the organization has also struggled to fend off
an image as a ''Dark Web'' tool used by drug dealers and pedophiles. An official
from the Justice Department recently incorrectly cited a statistic claiming 80
percent of traffic on the Tor network involved child pornography. That
statistic, however, came from a study involving a separate service, Tor Hidden
Services, which accounts for less than 2 percent of all Tor traffic.

Since taking the Tor Project's helm, Ms. Steele has replaced its directors of
human resources and administration, moved the project's base of operations to
Seattle from Cambridge, Mass., recruited the new slate of directors, and
searched for additional, alternative sources of funding.

Tor has received funding from private companies and nonprofits, including Google
and Human Rights Watch, but 90 percent of its funding comes from government
contracts and grants. That is a controversial source of funds for an
organization that counts dissidents and activists looking to avoid government
reprisals among its primary user base.

In an interview, Ms. Steele said the board moves were intended to ''bring in a
strong, leadership-oriented board with more experience leading a strong and
sustainable organization.'' Recruiting new members, she said, had not been a
challenge. ''All of them had been watching what was going on with Tor and were
committed and enthusiastic about growing this into a stronger and sustainable
organization,'' she said.

The departing directors are Meredith Hoban Dunn, Ian Goldberg, Julius
Mittenzwei, Rabbi Rob Thomas, Wendy Seltzer and two of Tor's co-founders, Roger
Dingledine and Nick Mathewson. Mr. Dingledine and Mr. Mathewson will remain as
leaders of Tor's technical research and development.

Their successors include Matt Blaze, a widely known cryptographer and associate
professor at the University of Pennsylvania; Cindy Cohn, Ms. Steele's successor
as executive director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation; Bruce Schneier, a
security author and expert; Gabriella Coleman, an anthropologist at McGill
University who writes about online activism; Linus Nordberg, a longtime internet
and privacy activist; and Megan Price, executive director of the Human Rights
Data Analysis Group. The remaining board seat has yet to be filled.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 28, 2002 Friday

Accused judge denies misconduct;
The three-judge panel is expected to return a decision for the Contra Costa
jurist in 60 days

BYLINE: Claire Booth CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Judge Bruce Van Voorhis is a man of contradictions.

He says he is extremely concerned with fairness and what people think of his
authority in the courtroom. Yet to keep his reputation intact, he will publicly
chastise his staff for honest mistakes.

He takes pains not to waste jurors' time because he holds them in such high
esteem. But he criticized one panel for grammatical errors in a note it sent
him.

The Contra Costa Superior Court judge's disciplinary hearing on charges of
mistreatment and misconduct ended Thursday with several hours of his own
testimony.

"Even though I set high standards and strive for excellence, I recognize I'm
human and everybody else is," Van Voorhis told the three-judge panel that will
decide whether the allegations against him are true.

Van Voorhis is charged with mistreatment of attorneys, staff members and jurors,
as well as willful misconduct for allegedly telling a prosecutor he ruled a
certain way only to see how she would react.

The three judges, all from Southern California, will rule in approximately 60
days. If they find either allegation true, the state Commission on Judicial
Performance will then decide what, if any, discipline Van Voorhis will receive.

The judge has run afoul of the commission before. He was publicly reproved in
1992 for mistreating others. And testimony revealed for the first time Thursday
that he also had been privately admonished in February 1994.

"Judge Van Voorhis has a very, very serious judicial temperament problem," Jack
Coyle, the commission's attorney, said during his closing argument Thursday
afternoon. "He hasn't changed. He's gotten worse."

After the four-day hearing, it is apparent that the judge knows his treatment of
people is wrong, Coyle said. That raises the charges from mere demeanor
misconduct to more serious willful misconduct, he suggested.

The already charged misconduct, regarding the alleged comment, is an accusation
Van Voorhis has consistently denied.

He testified Thursday that he made the statement to an inexperienced deputy
district attorney only as part of a teaching conversation. He was merely listing
examples of unexpected rulings; the prosecutor needed to learn to deal with such
setbacks, he said.

The attorney and two others there at the time all testified to somewhat
different versions of Van Voorhis' comment. One witness said subsequent
discussions about the comment with other prosecutors could have colored his
recollection.

Van Voorhis' attorney argued that the allegation is not only false, but
illogical. His client's ruling was actually correct, so why would he then call
himself incorrect? asked attorney Jim Murphy.

"Judge Van Voorhis may have been misheard," Murphy said.

The attorney also addressed Van Voorhis' demeanor, which can be stern and
imposing.

"I do agree that Judge Van Voorhis is extremely impassioned, extremely intense
and capable of being misunderstood," Murphy said.

During his own testimony, Van Voorhis said his intensity is sometimes
misunderstood as criticism or sarcasm.

"I don't think behavior means the same thing for me as it does for you," he
said.

Panelists Justice Thomas Hollenhorst, Justice Kenneth Yegan and Superior Court
Judge J. Thompson Hanks seemed especially concerned with Van Voorhis' responses
to ordinary human error.

Van Voorhis testified that one mistake -- the sheriff's office failed to bring
an inmate to court -- was "unacceptable." In response, the judge publicly
reprimanded a deputy substituting for the regularly assigned officer.

An incredulous Hollenhorst asked if Van Voorhis thought such systems should be
foolproof.

"I think it should approximate 100 percent," the judge answered.

"Is your policy so strict you don't mind ... verbally abusing court staff?"
Hollenhorst asked.

Van Voorhis said he did not intend that when he told the deputy that she needed
to learn how to do her job.

Claire Booth covers courts. Reach her at 925-228-6177 or cbooth@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                       Copyright 2002 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 30, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

All but the Jury Hear Epithets on Fuhrman Tapes

William Claiborne, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg.  A01

LENGTH: 1247 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 29


With jurors excluded from the courtroom, a reluctant Judge Lance A. Ito today
allowed defense attorneys in the O.J. Simpson murder case to play tapes of
retired detective Mark Fuhrman boasting to a screenwriter -- amid a flurry of
racial epithets and obscenities -- of beating black suspects, falsifying police
reports and contriving probable cause to make arrests.

The voice sounded calm, casual, at times almost bored. But the words were
explosive and brutal.

"Most real good policemen understand that they would love to take certain people
and just take them to the alley and blow their brains out," Fuhrman declared in
one excerpt.

In another, while explaining his opposition to the construction of a new police
station in South Central Los Angeles, he said, "Leave that old station. Man, it
has the smell of niggers that have been beaten and killed in there for years."

Ito, Simpson, lawyers from both sides and spectators listened in stunned silence
as Fuhrman's voice resounded through courtroom loudspeakers describing numerous
alleged instances of police misconduct.

The celebrity defendant's lawyers offered the interviews, recorded by North
Carolina screenwriter Laura Hart McKinny over a nine-year period, as proof that
Fuhrman, a key prosecution witness, lied when he testified under oath last March
that he had not used the racial epithet "nigger" any time over the past 10
years.

Defense lawyers played tapes or displayed transcript excerpts of 41 instances in
which Fuhrman used the slur "nigger" and 17 instances in which he uttered that
and other racial epithets and made references to his own or other officers'
alleged misconduct.

Fuhrman was briefly assigned to investigate the slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson
and Ronald L. Goldman on June 12, 1994. He found crucial evidence against O.J.
Simpson, including a bloody glove he said he recovered from behind Simpson's
house that matched a glove found at the crime scene nearly two miles away.

In an effort to impeach Fuhrman's credibility, the defense is seeking to
persuade Ito to allow the predominantly black jury to hear the taped interviews
and read accompanying transcripts. Lead defense attorney Johnnie L. Cochran Jr.
has said the tapes could be pivotal in the effort to win an acquittal.

Fuhrman, in an interview with McKinny on July 28, 1994, after he had testified
in a preliminary hearing, seemed to agree.

"I'm the key witness in the biggest case of the century," he told her. "And if I
go down, they lose the case. The glove is everything. Without the glove,
bye-bye."

Calling Fuhrman the "greatest liar since Ananias," a Biblical character who was
said in the Book of Acts to have lied to God, defense attorney Gerald Uelmen
told the court the tapes were necessary to impeach Fuhrman's sworn denials.
Uelmen called the tapes "Los Angeles's worst nightmare" because of their racial
invective.

The prosecution, in a 32-page written motion, asked Ito to issue a ruling
barring the defense from playing the tapes to the jurors, who were sequestered
in their hotel during today's hearing.

Prosecutors argued that Fuhrman's credibility is at issue only with respect to
his testimony about discovering the bloody glove, and that he had neither
opportunity nor motive to risk planting the evidence.

Calling the tapes "incendiary collateral evidence," the prosecution argued that
admitting them as evidence would raise "the specter of a miscarriage of justice"
over the trial.

In a news conference, District Attorney Gil Garcetti said he was angry that a
police officer, "regardless of the circumstances, has uttered such hateful
words." Asserting that Fuhrman was not a key witness, Garcetti said, "This is
supposed to be a trial" about O.J. Simpson's guilt or innocence, "not about
whether Mark Fuhrman is a racist." Garcetti said there is still "an overpowering
case, an overwhelming case" that proves Simpson's guilt.

Ito appeared ambivalent about allowing the tapes to be aired publicly, even out
of the presence of the jury. At one point, he told defense lawyers he had
already listened to the tapes and read the transcripts. "I don't need to hear
any more. . . . I've heard it. I've read it. I've seen it," he said.

But a few minutes later, after listening to some of the excerpts, Ito said that
although he already had "ample context" for what Fuhrman had said to McKinny, he
would not suppress "information that is of vital public interest."

The judge appeared to be referring to persistent demands by black civil rights
organizations here that all the tapes be made public. Black leaders have cited
the tapes as evidence of widespread racism in the Los Angeles Police Department,
which has been under intense public scrutiny since the 1992 riots that were
triggered by the acquittal of four white police officers who were videotaped
beating black motorist Rodney G. King.

During the lunch recess, Fred Goldman, Ronald Goldman's father, angrily and
tearfully complained in a news conference that by allowing the tapes to be
played in court, Ito had subjected the victims' families to a "nightmare" and
had allowed the defense once again to divert attention from the evidence against
Simpson.

Declaring he was "outraged," Goldman said, "We came to this court expecting a
fair trial. My son had a right to it. Instead we get this crap spewed in front
of the [television] cameras for two hours."

In one instance on the tapes, describing how he and a partner named Dana
allegedly interrogated a black suspect in a baseball field, Fuhrman says, "When
I left, Dana goes, 'No blood, Mark.' 'No problem, not even any marks, Dana.'
Just body shots. Did you ever try to find a bruise on a nigger? It's pretty
tough, huh?"

Asked about needing probable cause to arrest a black suspect, Fuhrman retorted,
"Probable cause? You're God."

Describing the arrest of a suspected narcotics user, Fuhrman said officers had
squeezed a scab left from an old hypodermic injection and reported that the drug
use was recent.

"That's not falsifying a report," he said. "That's putting a criminal in jail.
That's being a policeman."

The prosecution sought to portray Fuhrman's statements as a combination of macho
braggadocio and fantasy designed to provide material for a fictional screenplay.
Under cross-examination by prosecutor Christopher Darden, McKinny said she had
made it clear to Fuhrman that her planned screenplay was to be a "dramatic
fictional work based on reality."

Prompted by Darden's questions, McKinny said she provided Fuhrman with
"scenarios" and then asked him how a police officer might respond.

"Is it fair to say that detective Fuhrman was helping you make up a story?"
Darden asked. McKinny replied, "It is fair to say he was giving me information
that helped me develop characters for a story."

Asked why she had not come forward immediately when Fuhrman testified under oath
that he had not used the "N-word" in 10 years, the soft-spoken McKinny, who at
times wept while on the stand, said she did not think that the tapes bore
directly on Simpson's guilt or innocence.

"There was nothing to me that made me feel that Officer Fuhrman could have
planted evidence in this case," McKinny testified.

Judge Ito has indicated he will first rule on the overall admissibility of the
transcripts, then decide which, if any, of the individual statements he would
allow. He did not indicate today when he would render a decision.


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, reuter , Laura Hart McKinny testifies about interviews with Mark
Fuhrman. (Photo ran in an earlier edition) Prosecutors Marcia Clark and
Christopher Darden review transcripts of interviews of detective Mark Fuhrman
taped by screenwriter Laura McKinny.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post

                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

Conference meetings notebook

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 438 words


Big 12 schools share $252M in revenueBig 12 schools will split up a record $252
million in revenue, the ninth year in a row of increases.The revenue total for
the 10 schools, up from $220 million last year, was revealed Friday at the end
of the conference's spring meetings.Baylor, Iowa State, Kansas, Kansas State,
Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Texas and Texas Tech will get average full shares of
about $25.6 million for the 2014-15 academic year.Third-year league members TCU
and West Virginia didn't get full shares, but will next year. West Virginia gets
about $23 million, and TCU will receive $24 million . The revenue doesn't
include third-tier broadcast rights, such as the $15 million a year Texas gets
from ESPN for the Longhorn Network.SEC's Slive steps down amid

record revenue, new conduct ruleSoutheastern Conference Commissioner Mike Slive
unexpectedly stepped down Friday, just minutes after announcing record revenue
and a groundbreaking rule.Slive had been scheduled to officially retire July 31,
but decided to hand the reins of the powerful league to Greg Sankey beginning
Monday.Slive will remain in an advisory role to the conference for the next two
months - through the end of his contract - and has agreed to serve as a league
consultant for four years."The outpouring of the love and support that's gone on
for me over the last couple of weeks is really quite gratifying," said the
74-year-old Slive, who headed the SEC for 13 years. "It just seemed to me like
this was the right time and the right place to make that transition. It's a good
break point considering the issues that I worked on and the issues Greg will
face."SEC adopts 'serious misconduct' rule for transfersThe Southeastern
Conference has adopted a rule prohibiting its schools from enrolling
student-athletes with "serious misconduct" issues at previous colleges.Call it
the Jonathan Taylor statute.The league defined serious misconduct as "sexual
assault, domestic violence or other forms of sexual violence."No other
conference has a similar conduct rule.Georgia proposed the new legislation in
the wake of Taylor's troubles. The Bulldogs dismissed Taylor last July after he
was arrested on a charge of felony aggravated assault and family violence.
Police said he struck his girlfriend with a closed fist and choked her during an
argument at Taylor's dormitory room. Taylor spent last fall at Copiah-Lincoln
Community College in Mississippi and enrolled at Alabama in January, which
raised eyebrows. The Tide dismissed him two months later after he was arrested
again on domestic violence charges in Tuscaloosa.Compiled by Trent Shadid

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Schools left in dark on staff misdeeds;
Advocates push for shared info on teachers' records

BYLINE: Steve Reilly, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 758 words


In 1997, West Virginia fifth-grade student Jeremy Bell died of what was believed
to be a head injury while on a camping trip with the principal of his school,
Edgar Friedrichs Jr.

Nearly eight years later, investigators determined it was not a head injury.
Bell had been sexually abused and killed by his principal, according to state
criminal records and documents filed in a subsequent federal lawsuit.

Probing deeper, officials realized Friedrichs had been dismissed by a
Pennsylvania school for sexual misconduct allegations years earlier, but the
school helped him get his job in West Virginia.

The story of Jeremy Bell, and others like it, helped provide the impetus for
federal changes proposed over the past decade that would mandate background
checks for teachers, require states and districts to share data about
disciplined teachers and prohibit school districts from facilitating the
transfer of a teacher accused of sexual misconduct to another jurisdiction.

Among the proposals have been efforts to require that names of teachers
disciplined for sexual misconduct be reliably  submitted to a national,
government-run database and to make the information more readily available to
the public.

Many states' discipline records are not online. Those that are can be difficult
to find, hard to search and lead to incomplete or redacted documentation
obscuring what the teacher did.

A bill introduced by then-representative Adam Putnam, R-Fla., in 2007 would have
required the U.S. Department of Education to develop a database of teachers
found to have engaged in sexual misconduct and make that information available
to the public.

"Without adopting systematic policies and procedures at the national level,"
Putnam said of this Student Protection Act, "all states remain vulnerable when
hiring school employees from states with mediocre reporting procedures and
lackluster reporting standards." Putnam's legislation failed to grain traction,
but advocacy and education policy groups have continued to push for a more
reliable way to share information between states.

Terri Miller, president of the advocacy group Stop Educator Sexual Abuse
Misconduct & Exploitation, said there should be a federal requirement that
states report teacher misconduct into an official, national database.

Children are mandated to attend school, she said. "We want to make sure that the
federal government is doing everything they can to make sure that our children
are being protected while they're in these schools."

More recently, the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act was
championed by U.S. Sens. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., and Joe Manchin, D-W.Va. It included
provisions that would require states to conduct background checks on school
employees and prohibit school officials from facilitating the transfer of
teachers accused of sexual misconduct to a new district.

Opponents included Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., who said in April 2014 that he
opposed the bill because responsibility for checking teachers' backgrounds
should be local. "If we want safe schools, that is the job of parents,
communities, school boards and states," Alexander said. "It is not a duty to be
bucked upstairs to the Senate and the Department of Education."

---

Database operator

A closer look at the National Association of State Departments of Teacher
Education and Certification (NASDTEC)

Founded: 1928

Location: Scottsville, Ky.

Members: Educator credentialing

agencies in all 50

states and some U.S. territories,

Canadian provinces

and foreign jurisdictions.

Membership fees: $4,000 annually

Annual expenses: $353,370

(according to 2014 U.S. tax return)

Purpose: The non-profit organization

promotes high

standards for educators,

teacher mobility across state

lines and comprehensive

personnel screening, according

to its website. It operates

the NASDTEC Clearinghouse,

the nation's only centralized

database of disciplined

educators

---

How the NASDTEC Clearinghouse works

Member states report basic information on teacher discipline to the NASDTEC
Clearinghouse including the educator's name, date of birth.

The database does not include the severity of disciplinary action or the reason
the discipline was imposed.

Each state has its own policies and practices regarding which disciplinary
actions should be submitted to the database and when.

Monthly, the NASDTEC organizes the disciplinary records it receives into a
report that it distributes to members.

When a state credentialing agency finds a match, it must contact the state that
imposed the discipline to find details on the action.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Allison Shelley, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                           December 24, 2005 Saturday

Boxscore: Penguins 3, Philadelphia 0

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 302 words

Penguins 3, Philadelphia 0

Philadelphia 0 0 0 -0

Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 1 0 2 - 3

First Period-1. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Koltsov 3 (Filewich, Pirjeta), 10:16
(pp). Penalties-Cook, Phi (hooking), 1:59; Cote, Phi, major (fighting), 4:34;
Bonvie, WBS, major (fighting), 4:34; Printz, Phi (roughing), 8:19; Cook, Phi,
major (fighting), 15:14; Hope, Phi (holding), 15:14; Printz, Phi, major-minor
(fighting, boarding), 15:14; Schneider, WBS, major (fighting), 15:14; Talbot,
WBS (roughing), 15:14; Cavanaugh, Phi (roughing), 17:16; Skolney, Phi
(roughing), 17:16; Armstrong, WBS, double-minor (roughing), 17:16; Armstrong,
WBS (unsportsmanlike conduct), 17:16.

Second Period-No scoring. Penalties-Gratton, Phi (roughing), :14; Scuderi, WBS
(roughing), :14; Kavanaugh, Phi (hooking), 2:08; Lannon, WBS (tripping), 5:08;
Kelleher, WBS (hooking), 9:22; Grant, Phi, major-misconduct (fighting), 11:52;
Carcillo, WBS, major-misconduct (fighting), 11:52; Schneider, WBS (holding),
14:44; Cavanaugh, Phi (interference), 16:40; Houle, Phi (tripping, served by
Cavosie), 17:13; Slaney, Phi, major (high-sticking), 19:06.

Third Period-2. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Welch 2 (Koltsov), 4:06 (sh). 3.
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Talbot 2 (Filewich, Lannon), 10:17. Penalties-Corupe, WBS
(interference), 2:49; Voce, Phi (slashing), 10:56; Abel, Phi (misconduct),
15:26; Gratton, Phi, minor-major-misconduct (roughing, fighting), 15:26; Bonvie,
WBS, minor-major (interference, fighting), 15:26; Carcillo, WBS (misconduct),
15:26.

Shots on goal-Philadelphia 6-6-4-16. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 10-8-8-26.

Power-play Opportunities-Philadelphia 0 of 5; Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 1 of 8.

Goalies-Philadelphia, Houle 5-5-1 (26 shots-23 saves). Wilkes-Barre/Scranton,
Sabourin 11-1-1 (16-16).

A-8,152.

Records-Phildelphia (13-16-0-3). Wilkes-Barre/Scranton (24-3-2-1).

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved

                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                            December 3, 2001 Monday

Minnesota lawyers have a duty to report misconduct under Rule 8.3

BYLINE: Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 733 words


Most practicing lawyers in Minnesota understand that they have an obligation to
report other attorneys to the Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility for
violations of the Minnesota Rules of Professional Conduct (MRPC). But when does
that duty arise? While the topic is difficult to cover comprehensively in a
short article, a basic review of the applicable rules may be useful.1

In Minnesota, an attorney's duty to report another attorney who has committed a
violation of the professional conduct rules is governed by Rule 8.3, which
states in part that:

(a) A lawyer having knowledge that another lawyer has committed a violation of
the Rules of Professional Conduct that raises a substantial question as to that
lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness or fitness as a lawyer in other respects,
shall inform the Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility.

***

(c) This Rule does not require disclosure of information that Rule 1.6 requires
or allows a lawyer to keep confidential or information gained by a lawyer or
judge while participating in a lawyers assistance program or other program
providing assistance, support or counseling to lawyers who are chemically
dependent or have mental disorders.

Rule 8.3 thus can be broken down into a few components. A lawyer's duty to
report another lawyer is triggered when: (a) she knows that another lawyer has
committed a rule violation;2 (b) the violation raises a substantial question as
to the lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness or fitness; and (c) the matter is not
allowed or required to be kept confidential under Rule 1.6.

Thus the obligation to report is somewhat limited. A lawyer may not report
misconduct without client approval when she learns of the misconduct through a
privileged attorney-client communication. But, the lawyer may, in her
discretion, disclose client secrets to report.3

Many lawyers who contact the Director's Office seem to be surprised when
reminded of the interplay between Rule 1.6, regarding client confidences and
secrets, and their obligation to report. If the misconduct is sufficiently
serious, even when the violation is learned through a privileged communication,
a lawyer should encourage the client to consent to disclosure where the
investigation of the matter would not substantially prejudice the client's
interests.4

There have been no reported cases in Minnesota in which an attorney was
disciplined solely for failure to report another attorney.5 However, it is clear
that law is a self-regulating profession. Minnesota lawyers have an obligation
to seriously consider whether their knowledge of another attorney's misconduct
requires them to report. When in doubt, attorneys should contact the Director's
Office and request an advisory opinion.6

1 For a more in-depth analysis of this issue, see Edward J. Cleary, "The
Obligation to Report and Retaliatory Ethics Complaints," in the April 1998
edition of Bench & Bar of Minnesota. The article is available online at:
http://www.courts.state.mn.us/lprb. See also, Douglas R. Richmond, "The Duty to
Report Professional Misconduct: A Practical Analysis of Lawyer Self-Regulation,"
12 Geo. J. Legal Ethics, 175 (1999).

2 The knowledge requirement under the rules is defined as having "actual
knowledge of the fact in question." Knowledge also "can be inferred from
circumstances."

3 See Rule 1.6(b)(6) of the MRPC, which provides that a lawyer may reveal
"secrets necessary to inform the Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility
of knowledge of another lawyer's violation of the Rules of Professional Conduct
that raises a substantial question as to that lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness
or fitness as a lawyer in other respects."

4 See Edward J. Cleary, "The Obligation to Report and Retaliatory Ethics
Complaints," note 1, supra.

5 According to Douglas R. Richmond, "The Duty to Report Professional Misconduct
," note 1, supra, there have been only two cases reported nationwide in which
lawyers have been disciplined for failing to report another attorney's
misconduct. In re Himmel, 533 N.E.2d 790 (Ill. 1988); In re Condit, No.
SB-94-0021-D (Ariz. March 14, 1995). A recent search has revealed no new cases.

6 The service is provided free of charge to Minnesota lawyers by contacting the
Director's Office at (651) 296-3952

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 19, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Army May Create Base Ombudsmen; Congresswomen, Generals Discuss New Means for
Reporting Misconduct

Dana Priest, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 457 words


A group of 11 congresswomen yesterday asked the Army to remove the reporting of
sexual misconduct allegations from the military chain of command. In response,
Army officials said they were considering the installation of separate base
ombudsmen to whom women could take their complaints without fear of retribution.

The congresswomen, who met with four Army generals in a closed-door session to
discuss revelations of widespread sexual misconduct at the Aberdeen Proving
Grounds Ordnance Training Center, suggested that base commanders bore some
responsibility for the problem and should be held responsible.

"I do think it's a command problem," said Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.).
"When you have something that appears to be this systemic, you don't just blame
the drill instructors."

Three drill instructors at Aberdeen have been charged with criminal offenses
involving female trainees ranging from adultery to rape. Two others face
administrative punishment and 20 others have been temporarily suspended from
their duties after being accused of sexual misconduct.

So far the Army has not reprimanded any of the post's commanders, although its
investigation is ongoing.

"If you're trying to break down a culture," said Rep. Susan Molinari (N.Y.), the
sole Republican in the group, "you need to work around" the chain of command.
Under the current system, a trainee's performance is evaluated by the same
people to whom she is supposed to file a harassment complaint. Female soldiers
have long complained they fear that reporting inappropriate behavior by
superiors could hinder their careers.

The congresswomen notified the Army that they intend to visit Aberdeen to speak
with drill instructors and trainees there. "We're watching and we're going to
keep watching," Molinari said.

They also said they were prepared for a fight with conservative Republicans who
have called for a return to segregated training and deployment since the
Aberdeen case became public two weeks ago. The Army leadership has strongly
supported training male and female soldiers together.

"They have to work together. They must protect us together and we must see that
they are all safe together," said Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tex.).

Attending the meeting from the Army were: Lt. Gen. Frederick E. Vollrath, deputy
chief of staff for personnel; Maj. Gen. James J. Cravens Jr., deputy chief of
staff for the Training and Doctrine Command; Brig. Gen. Daniel A. Doherty,
commanding general of the Army's Criminal Investigation Command; and Maj. Gen.
Morris J. Boyd, the Army's chief legislative liaison.

Army officials are scheduled to meet today with the House National Security
Committee on the subject of sexual harassment.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ray lustig, D.C. Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D), foreground
center, and Reps. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.) and Rosa L. DeLauro (D-Conn.) are
among female House members meeting with, from left, Maj. Gen. Morris J. Boyd,
Maj. Gen. James J. Cravens Jr., Lt. Gen. Frederick E. Vollrath and Brig. Gen.
Daniel A. Doherty about misconduct.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

MARYLAND: Four Anne Arundel County Detention Officers Arrested for Misconduct in
Office and other charges

LENGTH: 765  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Anne Arundel County, The state of Maryland has issued the following news
release:

On January 26th, 2015, the Anne Arundel County Police Department was contacted
by the Anne Arundel County Department of Detention Facilities regarding possible
corruption of detention officers smuggling illegal contraband into the Jennifer
Road Detention Center located at 131 Jennifer Road Annapolis, MD.

As a result of the reported information, detectives from the Criminal
Investigation Division's Homeland Security & Intelligence Unit conducted a joint
investigation with the Anne Arundel County State's Attorney's Office and Anne
Arundel County Department of Detention Facilities.

The investigation revealed on several occasions, illegal contraband with the
intent to provide to inmates, was smuggled by detention officers into the
Jennifer Road Detention Center.

The following illegal contraband was recovered: Loose tobacco, cigarettes,
smokeless tobacco, fast food, lighters, matches, an electronic cigarette and a
cell phone and accessories.

On Friday April 17th, 2015 a grand jury handed down the indictments of four
detention officers assigned to the Jennifer Road Detention Center. A total of 61
counts of criminal charges were obtained including misconduct in office,
possession of contraband, possession with intent to distribute contraband,
contraband delivery, possession telecommunication device, bribery public
employee, conspiracy and numerous other charges.

On April 21st, 2015 at approximately 7:00 a.m., investigators from the Anne
Arundel County Police Department arrested the following correctional officers at
the Jennifer Road Detention Center for arrest warrants pertaining to the grand
jury indictment. The correctional officers were arrested without incident and
processed at a district station.

Catherine Mae Windsor, 26, of the 5700 block of Pindell Road, Lothian, MD 20711

Two-year veteran of the Department of Detention Facilities

Charges:

(2 Counts)                   Bribery/Public Employee

(8 Counts)                   Misconduct in Office

(1 Count)                     Count Conspiracy to Commit Misconduct in Office

(5 Counts)                   Deliver Contraband

(5 Counts)                   Possession of Contraband with Intent to Deliver

(5 Counts)                   Possession of Contraband Place of Confinement

(1 Count)                     Deliver Telecommunications Device

(1 Count)                     Possess Telecommunications Device with Intent to
Deliver

(1 Count)                     Deposit & Conceal a Telecommunications Device

James William Newsome, Jr., 25, of the 28700 block of Parlett Morgan Court,
Mechanicsville, MD 20659

Two-year veteran of the Department of Detention Facilities

Charges:

(2 Counts)                   Bribery/Public Employee

(5 Counts)                   Misconduct in Office

(1 Count)                     Count Conspiracy to Commit Misconduct in Office

(2 Counts)                   Deliver Contraband

(2 Counts)                   Possession of Contraband with Intent to Deliver

(2 Counts)                   Possession of Contraband Place of Confinement

Kenyatta Ornell Trotter, 41, of the 1500 block of N. Forest Park Avenue, Gwynn
Oak, MD 21207

17-year veteran of the Department of Detention Facilities

Charges:

(2 Counts)                   Attempted Bribery/Public Employee

(4 Counts)                   Misconduct in Office

Grayling Sylvester Jackson, 59, of the 7900 block of Severn Hills Way, Severn,
MD 21144

17-year veteran of the Department of Detention Facilities

Charges:

(2 Count)                     Attempted Bribery/Public Employee

(4 Counts)                   Misconduct in Office

(2 Counts)                   Deliver Contraband

(2 Counts)                   Possession of Contraband with Intent to Deliver

(2 Counts)                   Possession of Contraband Place of Confinement

"I am disappointed in the actions of these four Detention Officers, but
information pertaining to improper conduct will be thoroughly investigated and
appropriate action, including criminal prosecution, will be taken," said Terry
Kokolis, Superintendent of the Anne Arundel County Department of Detention
Facilities. "More importantly, their actions are not reflective of the honest
and hardworking staff assigned to the Department of Detention Facilities. I
appreciate the collaboration provided by both the Anne Arundel County Police
Department and the Anne Arundel County State's Attorney's Office in sending a
strong message to ensure public safety is not compromised."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

ABUSIVE TEACHERS LAND NEW JOBS - IN THE CLASSROOM;
Despite efforts to fix the system, serial molesters dodge detection by changing
schools;
USA TODAY NETWORK SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

BYLINE: Steve Reilly l USA TODAY

SECTION: ; Pg. Z1

LENGTH: 695 words


molesting In Montville four , N. female J., Jason pupils Fennes and pleaded
having sex guilty with in a September 15-year-old to .

A year-long USA TODAY Network investigation has found that education officials
put children in harm's way by covering up evidence of abuse, keeping allegations
secret and making it easy for abusive teachers to find jobs elsewhere.

As a result, schoolchildren across the nation continue to be beaten, raped and
harassed by their teachers while government officials at every level stand by
and do nothing.

In the most comprehensive national review of teacher discipline to date, USA
TODAY examined educator misconduct and licensure databases from every state,
reviewed thousands of pages of court filings and employment records and surveyed
state education officials to determine how teachers who engage in misconduct
remain in the education system.

Among the findings:

State education agencies across the country have ignored a federal ban on
"passing the trash" intended to prevent secrecy deals with those suspected of
abusing students. These contracts hide details of sexual behavior and sometimes
pay teachers to quit their jobs quietly.

The secrecy makes it easier for troubled teachers to find new jobs working with
children. At least 100 teachers who lost their license because of alleged
physical or sexual misconduct still work with children or young adults.

uPrivate schools and youth organizations are especially at risk. They are left
on their own to perform background checks of new hires and generally have no
access to the one tracking system of teachers who were disciplined by state
authorities.

uDespite the risks, schools of all kinds regularly fail to do the most basic of
background checks. A private high school in Louisiana hired a teacher who was a
registered sex offender in Texas. Students using a simple Web search uncovered
his past.

uSchool administrators are rarely penalized for failing to report resignations
of problem teachers to state licensing officials. Although 41 states have laws
requiring public school administrators to report the firing or resignation of a
teacher to state education officials, violations of those laws rarely have
consequences.

This isn't supposed to be happening.

A series of high-profile abuse cases and news media investigations in the 1990s
and 2000s put a spotlight on lax regulations by government officials at every
level and led to changes in a few states.

Congress passed a law in December 2015 requiring states to ban school districts
from secretly passing problem teachers to other jurisdictions.

None of those changes closed the gaping holes plaguing the nation's teacher
screening system.

"I'm not against what's been put into law," said Charol Shake-shaft, a professor
of educational leadership at Virginia Commonwealth University who has studied
teacher misconduct. "It just isn't much of a solution."

Although abusive teachers make up only a fraction of 1% of the nation's teaching
corps, USA TODAY found dozens of teachers who lost one job after being accused
of abusive behavior and had no trouble getting hired somewhere else.

They include a New Jersey teacher who molested five elementary school students,
an Oregon substitute teacher who reached under a table to touch a student's
genitals and an Illinois teacher who forced elementary students to eat food off
his crotch. In each instance, the teacher had been disciplined for sexual
misbehavior in a prior school district.

USA TODAY found examples in nearly every state, and the secrecy was often
cemented in legally binding contracts. USA TODAY identified more than 100
educators whose public school teaching credentials were revoked or surrendered
for serious misconduct, yet they continued to work with youth in different
environments.

"It's enraging when I read these cases about a teacher who has been well-known
for abusing little children for over 20 years," said Charles Hobson, a professor
of business management at Indiana University Northwest who studies teacher
misconduct. "And nobody - nobody - has picked the phone up and called child
protective services or the police. That's crushing."

Read more at usatoday.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

ABUSIVE TEACHERS LAND NEW JOBS - IN THE CLASSROOM;
Despite efforts to fix the system, serial molesters dodge detection by changing
schools;
USA TODAY NETWORK SPECIAL INVESTIGATION

BYLINE: Steve Reilly l USA TODAY

SECTION: ; Pg. Z1

LENGTH: 695 words


molesting In Montville four , N. female J., Jason pupils Fennes and pleaded
having sex guilty with in a September 15-year-old to .

A year-long USA TODAY Network investigation has found that education officials
put children in harm's way by covering up evidence of abuse, keeping allegations
secret and making it easy for abusive teachers to find jobs elsewhere.

As a result, schoolchildren across the nation continue to be beaten, raped and
harassed by their teachers while government officials at every level stand by
and do nothing.

In the most comprehensive national review of teacher discipline to date, USA
TODAY examined educator misconduct and licensure databases from every state,
reviewed thousands of pages of court filings and employment records and surveyed
state education officials to determine how teachers who engage in misconduct
remain in the education system.

Among the findings:

State education agencies across the country have ignored a federal ban on
"passing the trash" intended to prevent secrecy deals with those suspected of
abusing students. These contracts hide details of sexual behavior and sometimes
pay teachers to quit their jobs quietly.

The secrecy makes it easier for troubled teachers to find new jobs working with
children. At least 100 teachers who lost their license because of alleged
physical or sexual misconduct still work with children or young adults.

uPrivate schools and youth organizations are especially at risk. They are left
on their own to perform background checks of new hires and generally have no
access to the one tracking system of teachers who were disciplined by state
authorities.

uDespite the risks, schools of all kinds regularly fail to do the most basic of
background checks. A private high school in Louisiana hired a teacher who was a
registered sex offender in Texas. Students using a simple Web search uncovered
his past.

uSchool administrators are rarely penalized for failing to report resignations
of problem teachers to state licensing officials. Although 41 states have laws
requiring public school administrators to report the firing or resignation of a
teacher to state education officials, violations of those laws rarely have
consequences.

This isn't supposed to be happening.

A series of high-profile abuse cases and news media investigations in the 1990s
and 2000s put a spotlight on lax regulations by government officials at every
level and led to changes in a few states.

Congress passed a law in December 2015 requiring states to ban school districts
from secretly passing problem teachers to other jurisdictions.

None of those changes closed the gaping holes plaguing the nation's teacher
screening system.

"I'm not against what's been put into law," said Charol Shake-shaft, a professor
of educational leadership at Virginia Commonwealth University who has studied
teacher misconduct. "It just isn't much of a solution."

Although abusive teachers make up only a fraction of 1% of the nation's teaching
corps, USA TODAY found dozens of teachers who lost one job after being accused
of abusive behavior and had no trouble getting hired somewhere else.

They include a New Jersey teacher who molested five elementary school students,
an Oregon substitute teacher who reached under a table to touch a student's
genitals and an Illinois teacher who forced elementary students to eat food off
his crotch. In each instance, the teacher had been disciplined for sexual
misbehavior in a prior school district.

USA TODAY found examples in nearly every state, and the secrecy was often
cemented in legally binding contracts. USA TODAY identified more than 100
educators whose public school teaching credentials were revoked or surrendered
for serious misconduct, yet they continued to work with youth in different
environments.

"It's enraging when I read these cases about a teacher who has been well-known
for abusing little children for over 20 years," said Charles Hobson, a professor
of business management at Indiana University Northwest who studies teacher
misconduct. "And nobody - nobody - has picked the phone up and called child
protective services or the police. That's crushing."

Read more at usatoday.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           October 13, 2015, Tuesday

Pitt to consider rescinding Cosby's honorary degree

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 240 words


PITTSBURGH - The University of Pittsburgh committee that awards honorary degrees
will consider whether to rescind one given to Bill Cosby in 2002.

Pitt spokesman Ken Service confirmed that the matter, first reported by The Pitt
News, is on the agenda for the group of faculty members that meets once a
semester.

Cosby, 78, faces numerous accusations of sexual misconduct by dozens of women
who have come forward over the past year. Some of the alleged misconduct dates
back to the 1960s. He has never faced criminal charges over the allegations.

"There has been a lot of news about his situation, and other universities taking
action lately, and that's prompted our consideration, he said.

Cosby received the honor during Pitt-Johnstown's 2002 graduation, where he was
commencement speaker. If revoked, it would mark the first time the university
has taken back the distinction, Service said.

The committee will meet sometime this fall and make its recommendation to the
provost and chancellor. A date for the private meeting has not been set.

Baylor University in Waco, Texas; Brown University in Providence, R.I.; Fordham
University in New York City; Marquette University in Milwaukee; and Wilkes
University in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., have all recently rescinded honorary degrees
awarded to Cosby, citing the sexual assault allegations against him that clash
with their values.

Lawyers for Cosby have repeatedly denied the claims.

- Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers

                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday
                               THU FINAL Edition

SHERIFF'S OFFICE: NO EVIDENCE AGAINST COACH

BYLINE: Tom McGhee

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 196 words


Douglas County sheriff's investigators looked into allegations that a Highlands
Ranch swim coach engaged in sexual misconduct with a minor and decided they were
unfounded.

USA Swimming, a national governing body of swim clubs, issued a lifelong ban
against Matt Beck, 38, after conducting an investigation of its own.

The organization reported its findings to the sheriff's office in August.

The case was "closed by our detectives," sheriff's spokesman Deputy Chad Teller
said.

USA Swimming's code of conduct is more stringent than the law, said the
organization's spokeswoman, Karen Linhart.

"The USA Swimming code of conduct covers a broader scope of behavior related to
sexual misconduct than a criminal statute does," she said.

The ban document cites violation of a USA Swimming bylaw that defines sexual
misconduct as: "Any sexual contact or advance or other inappropriate sexually
oriented behavior or action directed towards an athlete by a coach, official,
trainer, or other person who, in the context of swimming, is in a position of
authority over that athlete."

Beck, the owner and former head coach of Highlands Ranch Aquatics, did not
return a phone call seeking comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            April 19, 2008 Saturday

Clerks cleared in Olson release

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 436 words


SACRAMENTO (AP)   California prison officials on Friday cleared three clerks and
two supervisors of misconduct in the premature release of former 1970s radical
Sara Jane Olson.

Olson's release date was miscalculated, leading to her parole from the Central
California Women's Facility in Chowchilla on March 17, a year too early.

She was re-arrested five days later when the error was caught.

Olson, 61, is serving a 14-year sentence for the attempted bombing of Los
Angeles police cars in the 1970s and a 1975 bank robbery in a Sacramento suburb
in which a customer was shot to death.

Internal affairs investigators with the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation concluded that the three clerks who reviewed Olson's file "were
not culpable of misconduct," said Scott Kernan, the department's chief deputy
secretary.

Department spokesman Oscar Hidalgo said a supervisor and a manager who reviewed
Olson's file also were cleared.

"It didn't appear there was any malicious misconduct here," Hidalgo said. "It
was a very complicated case over three decades."

Olson's Sacramento County sentence was never calculated into her release date,
leading officials to believe she was serving a 12-year sentence instead of her
actual 14-year term. Inmates generally serve half their sentence, so she was
released after serving six years, instead of seven.

Clerks and administrators reviewed her file multiple times since December
without catching the error.

Olson was about to board a plane home to Minnesota when she was detained and
sent back to prison. Her attorneys have asked a judge in Sacramento to order
that she be released again.

The Service Employees International Union, which represents 15,000 civilian
corrections employees, said the three clerks should not have been accused of
wrongdoing.

Union Local 1000 President Jim Hard said the corrections department had tried to
"make them into scapegoats."

The union issued a statement in which one of the three clerks blamed the
confusion on an antiquated system that relies on paper records instead of
computer tracking. The union filed a lawsuit last year claiming the department's
records unit is understaffed and overwhelmed.

Olson, then named Kathleen Soliah, belonged to the underground Symbionese
Liberation Army, best known for kidnapping newspaper heiress Patty Hearst. It
also was involved in a 1974 shootout with Los Angeles police in which six SLA
members were killed.

Olson changed her name and fled to St. Paul, Minn., where she married a doctor
and raised three children. She was recaptured in 1999 and negotiated plea
agreements on the California charges.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 18, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Officer in Rape Case Resigns From Force

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 46;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 158 words


A Bronx police officer who was charged earlier this month with raping a
17-year-old girl whom he had arrested in a domestic dispute has resigned, the
police said.

The officer, Rafael Suarez, 27, of 910 Sheridan Avenue, was ordered to submit to
an administrative interview at police headquarters but instead decided to quit
the force on Friday afternoon, police officials said.

Officer Suarez had been assigned to the 43d Precinct in the Soundview section.
He was appointed to the police force in October 1990.

The criminal complaint filed against Officer Suarez accused him of arranging the
girl's release from Central Booking while off duty, then taking her to his
apartment, putting his hand on his gun, ordering her to remove her clothes and
then raping her repeatedly.

He was charged with rape, aggravated sexual abuse, menacing, sexual misconduct,
official misconduct and harassment and was suspended from the police force.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

A missing baby, a bungled case;
Even when federal prosecutors err and cases collapse, they are likely to keep
their jobs

BYLINE: Brad Heath and Kevin McCoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 3212 words


TAMPA -- What happened to the baby girl is a mystery.

What happened to the federal prosecutor who handled the case against Sabrina
Aisenberg's parents is not: A Justice Department inquiry found that he
recklessly broke the rules when he charged them with lying about her
disappearance.

The Florida Bar admonished the prosecutor, Stephen Kunz. The government dropped
its case against Sabrina's parents, and paid defense lawyers nearly $1.5
million, the largest such sanction ever imposed against the Justice Department
for its mishandling of a criminal case. And Kunz lost his position handling
criminal cases for the U.S. Attorney's Office here.

"I told him, 'You're not going to be a criminal prosecutor here,' " former U.S.
attorney Paul Perez recalls. Instead, Perez says he gave Kunz a choice: work on
a team that handled civil lawsuits or look for a new job. Kunz soon found a job
200 miles away in Tallahassee.

As a federal prosecutor.

The episode -- which unfolded over eight years beginning in 1997 -- offers a
rare window into the U.S. Justice Department's effort to police abuses by the
lawyers in charge of enforcing the nation's laws. A USA TODAY investigation has
found that prosecutors have little reason to fear losing their jobs, even if
they violate laws or constitutional safeguards designed to ensure the justice
system is fair.

Justice Department officials say they take every violation of those rules
seriously. But USA TODAY's investigation, based on an examination of tens of
thousands of pages of court files and reviewed by a panel of legal experts,
found:

*The Justice Department often classifies as mistakes violations that result in
overturned convictions. Even when judges have cited prosecutors for flouting
constitutional rules, the government often clears the attorneys of wrongdoing
and concludes the violations were unintentional. The agency's internal ethics
watchdog, the Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR), found wrongdoing in
about one-quarter of the roughly 750 complaints it investigated during the past
decade.

*Even when investigators conclude that prosecutors committed misconduct, they
are unlikely to be fired. Department records suggest that violations more often
result in reprimands, suspensions or agreements that allow lawyers to leave the
government  with their reputations intact and their records unblemished.

After a judge in Massachusetts freed two convicted Mafia figures from prison
because of "extremely serious government misconduct" by the lead prosecutor, for
example, officials gave the prosecutor a written reprimand. U.S. District Judge
Mark Wolf wrote in a 2008 letter to then-attorney general Michael Mukasey that
the episode -- which occurred before Mukasey became attorney general -- "raises
serious questions about whether judges should continue to rely upon the
Department to investigate and sanction misconduct by federal prosecutors."

*The Justice Department consistently conceals its own investigations of
misconduct from the public. Officials say privacy laws prevent them from
revealing any details of their investigations. That secrecy, however, makes it
almost impossible to assess the full extent and impact of misconduct by
prosecutors or the effectiveness of the department's attempts to deter it.

A spokeswoman for the Justice Department, Tracy Schmaler, said in a statement
that USA TODAY's "selective review of a handful of the many thousands of cases
stretching back as far as 18 years does little to provide an accurate and
representative picture of the honorable work done by federal prosecutors in
courtrooms every day across the country." She said that "when mistakes occur, we
correct them as quickly and transparently as possible within the bounds of the
law."

Attorney General Eric Holder, who took over the Justice Department in 2009, has
said the agency is moving to make sure it can more effectively prevent
misconduct and better train prosecutors about the complex rules they must
follow. The changes, including new training and policies, followed the failed
corruption case against former Alaska senator Ted Stevens.

For years, however, says Joseph DeGenova, a former U.S. attorney in Washington,
D.C., the bottom line was that the government allowed lawyers "who should not be
federal prosecutors to continue in that role. The record on discipline is very,
very poor. The history of serious discipline is basically non-existent."

USA TODAY's investigation documented 201 cases since 1997 in which courts found
that federal prosecutors violated laws or ethics rules. Although those
violations occurred in no more than a tiny fraction of the tens of thousands of
criminal cases filed in federal courts every year, each one was so serious that
judges overturned convictions, threw out charges or rebuked prosecutors for
misconduct. The violations put innocent people in jail, set guilty people free
and cost millions of dollars in legal fees.

Without stronger safeguards, Justice Department critics say, those problems will
continue.

"It's a disgrace to the Department of Justice, it's a disgrace to the system,
it's a disgrace to what we're supposed to stand for," says Barry Cohen, the
Tampa defense attorney who represented Sabrina Aisenberg's parents. He says
Kunz, the prosecutor, should have been fired -- and prosecuted.

Both Kunz and his current boss, U.S. Attorney Pamela Marsh in Tallahassee, did
not respond to requests for interviews USA TODAY sent to an office spokesman.

The missing girl

Sabrina Aisenberg was 5 months old when she disappeared from her crib one night
in November 1997.

The story her parents, Steven and Marlene Aisenberg, told the police was
horrifying: They awoke that morning to find their daughter's crib empty and
their back door ajar. The authorities searched everywhere for the missing baby,
scouring the area near her home in Valrico, Fla., outside Tampa, seeking any
clue that could tell them where she had gone. They found nothing.

Eventually, investigators focused their suspicions on the girl's parents.
Investigators from the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office got warrants to
secretly install listening devices in their bedroom and kitchen, recording
thousands of conversations over three months. State prosecutors nonetheless
concluded that they did not have enough evidence to prosecute the couple. But in
1999, almost two years after Sabrina vanished, federal prosecutors announced
that they had solved the girl's mysterious disappearance, and charged the
Aisenbergs with conspiracy and lying to investigators.

The recordings were the most damning evidence. On one, prosecutors told a grand
jury and a magistrate judge, Marlene Aisenberg could be heard telling her
husband: "The baby's dead and buried. ... The baby's dead no matter what you say
-- you just did it."

But there was a problem with the recordings: Almost everyone who listened to
them concluded that they didn't actually contain the statements prosecutors had
presented to the grand jury that indicted the couple. U.S. District Judge Steven
Merryday listened to the tapes and said he couldn't hear the incriminating
statements. Perez, the former U.S. attorney, said he couldn't find them, either
-- even though the prosecutors, led by Kunz, had assured the court that the
statements were there.

After a judge ruled the tapes inadmissible, the Justice Department took the
unusual step of withdrawing the charges against the Aisenbergs before their
trial began. Then it conceded in court that it should pay their legal bills
under a law known as the Hyde Amendment, which requires the government to
compensate people if the charges against them were "vexatious." The department
ultimately paid $1,494,650.

OPR investigated Kunz's handling of the Aisenberg case. Its report -- never made
public, but summarized in state bar records -- concluded that Kunz had
recklessly tried to inflame the grand jury against the Aisenbergs and included
unreliable excerpts from the recordings in the indictment. But its investigation
also rejected Merryday's finding that the decision to charge the Aisenbergs had
been "vexatious" or undertaken in "bad faith."

Kunz's bosses at the U.S. Attorney's Office stripped him of his position as a
supervisor while OPR investigated. In 2002, Perez -- who once had counted Kunz
as a mentor -- reassigned him to the civil division before Kunz eventually quit.
The Florida Bar, which regulates lawyers in the state, publicly admonished Kunz
in 2005, the mildest form of public discipline it could impose but nonetheless
an uncommon rebuke for a federal prosecutor. Justice Department records show
Kunz has been assigned to criminal cases in Tallahassee since 2003.

"It's kind of a travesty," said Steven Aisenberg, Sabrina's father, who lives in
Maryland with his wife and two other children. Kunz "fabricated information, and
he still has a job doing what he did before. Now he lives to do it again, to
somebody else."

Aisenberg said the family is still searching for Sabrina. She would have turned
13 last June.

The watchdog

The Office of Professional Responsibility was founded in 1975 as part of an
effort to restore public confidence after the Watergate scandal. Criticism soon
followed. In 1990, for example, a congressional committee blasted the office,
saying it failed to investigate some judicial findings that prosecutors had
committed misconduct.

OPR's founder, Michael Shaheen, retired in 1997 amid an investigation by the
Justice Department's Inspector General that ultimately concluded he and two top
deputies had themselves committed misconduct by violating government travel
regulations. Before he died in 2007, Shaheen told National Public Radio that OPR
should be abolished, because it was "plagued by a history of delays and the
bureaucratic layers superimposed on it, and by the end of an investigation --
two, three years -- you find that they've labored and brought forth ... a
squeak, or a mouse."

OPR's records bear that out. Its investigations, run by agency attorneys,
typically take at least a year to complete, and dozens have gone on for more
than two years, a USA TODAY analysis of data obtained from the office shows. The
vast majority of those investigations conclude that prosecutors did not break
the rules, or that any violations were unintentional and should not be punished.

From 2000 to 2009, OPR's annual reports show, the office completed
investigations of 756 complaints -- fewer than 10% of the total complaints it
received -- and found that lawyers had actually committed misconduct in 196
cases.

"Government lawyers are likely to view the conduct most favorably to other
government lawyers," says Ellen Yaroshefsky, the head of Cardozo Law School's
Jacob Burns Ethics Center in New York. She said an outside watchdog is needed.
"It's human nature that you're going to give the person the benefit of the
doubt, because it could be you next. There just needs to be an independent
evaluation of allegations of misconduct."

Records show the Justice Department has cleared prosecutors even when courts
found problems. For example:

*A court in Pennsylvania rejected an inmate's death sentence for torturing, then
killing his cellmate because the prosecutor never disclosed evidence the inmate
could have used to challenge the allegation that he had planned the murder in
advance. OPR, disagreeing with the court, found that the prosecutor did not
commit misconduct and was not required to turn over the evidence.

*A federal appeals court overturned a man's conviction for a Tennessee bank
robbery because it found the prosecutor "clearly misrepresented" evidence to the
jury in "deliberate disregard of his duty," the court said. OPR disagreed,
saying the prosecutor had made a mistake, not committed misconduct, according to
an analysis for the American Civil Liberties Union.

"It's just astonishing to me that the system over there just flouts federal
appellate courts' findings -- in some instances even disagreeing that it's
misconduct at all, let alone how serious it is," says Richard Strafer, a Miami
lawyer who conducted the ACLU's review.

A House oversight committee leveled a similar complaint in a report two decades
ago, noting that Justice "has not provided an explanation for its disagreement
with the judge's findings."

OPR takes that approach because its investigations focus as much on why a
prosecutor broke the rules as they do on whether there was a violation. The
Justice Department cites its attorneys for misconduct only when it can prove the
violations were either intentional or reckless. More often, records show, it
concludes that violations were the result of poor judgment, inexperience or
excusable mistakes. In addition, OPR sometimes disputes courts' interpretations
of the complex rules prosecutors must follow.

When it finds misconduct, OPR can only recommend a range of disciplinary
penalties -- for example, from 5 to 15 days' suspension without pay -- but
cannot impose the punishment itself. The recommendations go to the U.S. Attorney
in the area where the prosecutor works. The penalty is imposed by the
prosecutor's supervisor, but can be appealed to the deputy attorney general, the
No. 2 official at Justice, and in some situations to an outside board. It can be
a lengthy process.

The Justice Department would not release a complete list of disciplinary actions
it has taken to punish misconduct; USA TODAY first asked for one in May 2009.
The department's annual reports, which summarize some of the cases it
investigated, suggest that lawyers are seldom fired for mishandling criminal
cases. In the past decade, the agency's annual reports have disclosed only one
instance in which a lawyer was terminated: a 2009 investigation that showed the
Department of Justice attorney had been unlicensed for more than five years and
had filed false certifications that hid the truth. In four other cases, OPR
reported that it recommended termination, but the lawyers either resigned or
retired.

Leslie Griffin, who worked as an attorney at OPR in the late 1990s and now
teaches at the University of Houston, said the office has an "almost impossible
job" because it is expected to police its own lawyers, protect their privacy and
satisfy the public. "Self-policing never works," she said. "That's part of the
problem. Do we really think that doctors police their own very well? No."

Trouble in Washington, D.C.

By the early 1990s, gang violence had turned murder into an almost daily event
in Washington, D.C. Unlike other parts of the country, where homicides and other
violent crimes are handled by state prosecutors, the job of putting Washington's
killers in prison falls to the Justice Department. Many of the toughest cases
ended up on the desk of G. Paul Howes.

In 1996, Holder, then the U.S. attorney in Washington, asked OPR to investigate
Howes' prosecution of four members of a gang known as the Newton Street Crew.
The probe lasted two years. OPR concluded that Howes had improperly given tens
of thousands of dollars' worth of government witness vouchers to relatives and
girlfriends of people who helped him build his case.

The Justice Department maintains that such intentional abuses are rare. But
former OPR lawyers and outside investigators have said the agency overlooks some
wrongdoing.  One reason: Even when OPR finds that a prosecutor committed
misconduct in one case, its investigators do not always look to see whether any
of the prosecutor's other cases were compromised. Griffin says it's important
that officials not "overinvestigate" prosecutors because of a single mistake,
but the result is that the department can't detect the full extent of misconduct
. It didn't in Howes' case.

If OPR had looked more deeply, it would have unearthed what the D.C. Bar
Counsel's office later found when it conducted its own investigation: additional
vouchers Howes had improperly approved for witnesses in another homicide.
Instead of investigating further, the Justice Department spent two years
fighting to keep its file on Howes from reaching defense attorneys in that case.

When a federal judge ordered Justice to release its findings in 2003,
prosecutors agreed to shorten three other murderers' sentences. This year,
attorneys for another man Howes prosecuted asked the D.C. Court of Appeals to
throw out his conviction because of the payments.

The court also is considering whether to disbar Howes, who declined to comment.
He left the Justice Department in 1995 and went on to represent Enron investors
in a multibillion-dollar lawsuit. Howes testified in Washington's Superior Court
in 2007 -- in another hearing questioning his use of vouchers -- that he "never
went to trial with anybody that I did not think was guilty."

'A black hole'

The Justice Department refuses to discuss its misconduct investigations, though
Congress has repeatedly urged more transparency. In 1978, for example, Congress
asked the department to make the results of its investigations public. That
happened for roughly seven years under Attorney General Janet Reno, President
Bill Clinton's appointee, when OPR released summaries of its investigations that
included prosecutors' names.

But -- with the exception of a few investigations of high-ranking officials --
OPR has not revealed the names of prosecutors it found committed misconduct in
almost a decade. Justice officials told USA TODAY that a federal law known as
the Privacy Act, enacted in 1974, bars them from releasing any details, even
when the problems have been widely publicized. Instead, it produces anonymous
annual reports without any identifying details, even genders, of the prosecutors
involved.

"OPR is a black hole. Stuff goes in, nothing comes out," said Jim Lavine, the
president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. "The public,
the defense attorneys and the judiciary have lost respect for the government's
ability to police themselves."

OPR's former director, Mary Patrice Brown, who recently took a new job in the
criminal division, said the office is considering taking additional steps to
disclose the results of its investigations. The office also has caught up on its
annual reports, which had been several years behind, and the summaries are more
detailed than in the past.

It's not just its own files that the department keeps secret. In some cases, it
has asked judges to expunge misconduct findings from public court records.

Two years ago, for instance, a federal judge in San Diego overturned a guilty
verdict in a drug case against Kellie Shaver because the prosecutor who handled
her case, Christopher Ott, never told the court that a witness had raised
questions about some of the evidence he relied on during Shaver's trial.
Prosecutors didn't quarrel with the court's ruling that Shaver's trial had been
unfair -- but they asked the judge to leave Ott's name out of it. Prosecutors
also cut a deal with Shaver: She could plead guilty and go free immediately. In
return, her lawyers couldn't oppose their request to conceal Ott's name.

Ott, now a federal prosecutor in Central Islip, N.Y., declined to comment,
through a spokesman.

The prosecutor who negotiated Shaver's plea, Stewart Young, said Ott was not
involved in the agreement. The Justice Department's investigation of the case is
confidential.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 10, 2010



CORRECTION: The last name of Joseph diGenova, a Washington, D.C., lawyer and
former U.S. attorney, was misspelled in Thursday's 1A cover story.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Family photo via AP
PHOTO, B/W, Chris O'Meara, AP
PHOTO, B/W, St. Petersburg Times
PHOTO, B/W, AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

25 students booted out of uni for bad behaviour;
Scores suspended and hundreds warned over variety of 'misconduct'. .

BYLINE: Todd Fitzgerald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 704 words


AT least 25 students have been kicked out of university in Manchester and
Salford for cheating, violence and general bad behaviour.

Scores more have been suspended and hundreds of others given warnings after
being found guilty of misconduct - academic and non-academic.

Manchester Metropolitan University handed out £15,000-worth of fines to 1,600
students found guilty of 'non-academic misconduct.' The majority of Manchester
University students reprimanded were international students. Four people were
kicked out of Salford University for criminal offences.

Manchester council bosses have committed cash from their limited budget this
year to boost out-of-hours licensing provision to deal with misbehaving and
partying students in areas like Fallowfield.

Analysis of three universities' records - and data from of Freedom of
Information requests - reveal at least 25 students have been kicked out for
offences including serious academic misconduct, harassment and threatening
behaviour between 2012/13 and 2014/15.

MANCHESTER METROPOLITAN UNIVERSITY Figures show bosses handed out 238 fines
totalling £15,042 between 2013/14 and 2014/15 up to April.

During the period, 1,615 students were found guilty of nonacademic misconduct;
including cases of security breaches, health and safety issues, drugs, smoking,
damage to property, bad behaviour and noise or verbal abuse. A spokeswoman said:
"Fines signify the university's disapproval of such misbehaviour and are
intended to deter students from acting in similar ways in the future."

University bosses say most academic misconduct relates to 'poor academic
practice' rather than 'cheating'.

THE UNIVERSITY OF SALFORD A total of 272 people were found guilty of academic
misconduct over two years - 143 in 2012/13 and 129 in 2013/14.

Four people were found guilty of both academic and non-academic misconduct.

There were five expulsions and six suspensions. Four people were kicked out for
criminal offences. Another was excluded for'very serious' academic misconduct.

Of those suspended, four were reprimanded for 'repeated, serious or aggravated'
academic misconduct. One was suspended for refusing to follow university
regulations on seeking ethical approval and 'other behavioural issues'.

And one student was censured for 'violent, indecent, disorderly, threatening,
intimidating, defamatory, derogatory, offensive or other inappropriate behaviour
or language'. A spokesman said: "Our view is that proven academic misconduct is
best dealt with through the application of academic, rather than financial,
penalties."

THE UNIVERSITY OF MANCHESTER Cases at the University of Manchester were broadly
for academic offences; including plagiarism, falsifying exam results, cheating
in exams and bribery.

In 2012/13, there were 162 cases of students being found guilty of misconduct.
More than 100 were international students and the vast majority were for
plagiarism.

Most, 94, were postgraduate students.

Some 37 people - including 29 international students - were found guilty of
cheating in exams.

The remaining cases involved collusion (seven), non-academic misconduct (one)
and plagiarism (six).No fines were handed out, but 46 students were reprimanded
and warned; while 18 were given reduced marks and 13 'zero' marks.

Around 10 saw their final grade classification reduced and five were excluded.

A university spokesman said: "Only a small minority of students commit any
misconduct and, as these figures show, we have policies in place to deal with
any incidents that arise and to act as a deterrent.

"All students are given information on academic good conduct when they enrol and
during exam periods. Support is provided throughout their study to remind them
of policies and procedures."

On incidents of non-academic offences, including harassment and threatening
behaviour, he said: "In a population of more than 38,000 students there will
occasionally be incidents of this nature."

A Manchester Students' Union spokesman said: "We work closely with the
university to provide advice and guidance on academic conduct and discipline to
all of our students. This includes both pre-emptive guidance for students
undertaking assessment and impartial advice for students under investigation."

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2015 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Manchester Evening News

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

25 students booted out of uni for bad behaviour;
Scores suspended and hundreds warned over variety of 'misconduct'. .

BYLINE: Todd Fitzgerald

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 704 words


AT least 25 students have been kicked out of university in Manchester and
Salford for cheating, violence and general bad behaviour.

Scores more have been suspended and hundreds of others given warnings after
being found guilty of misconduct - academic and non-academic.

Manchester Metropolitan University handed out £15,000-worth of fines to 1,600
students found guilty of 'non-academic misconduct.' The majority of Manchester
University students reprimanded were international students. Four people were
kicked out of Salford University for criminal offences.

Manchester council bosses have committed cash from their limited budget this
year to boost out-of-hours licensing provision to deal with misbehaving and
partying students in areas like Fallowfield.

Analysis of three universities' records - and data from of Freedom of
Information requests - reveal at least 25 students have been kicked out for
offences including serious academic misconduct, harassment and threatening
behaviour between 2012/13 and 2014/15.

MANCHESTER METROPOLITAN UNIVERSITY Figures show bosses handed out 238 fines
totalling £15,042 between 2013/14 and 2014/15 up to April.

During the period, 1,615 students were found guilty of nonacademic misconduct;
including cases of security breaches, health and safety issues, drugs, smoking,
damage to property, bad behaviour and noise or verbal abuse. A spokeswoman said:
"Fines signify the university's disapproval of such misbehaviour and are
intended to deter students from acting in similar ways in the future."

University bosses say most academic misconduct relates to 'poor academic
practice' rather than 'cheating'.

THE UNIVERSITY OF SALFORD A total of 272 people were found guilty of academic
misconduct over two years - 143 in 2012/13 and 129 in 2013/14.

Four people were found guilty of both academic and non-academic misconduct.

There were five expulsions and six suspensions. Four people were kicked out for
criminal offences. Another was excluded for'very serious' academic misconduct.

Of those suspended, four were reprimanded for 'repeated, serious or aggravated'
academic misconduct. One was suspended for refusing to follow university
regulations on seeking ethical approval and 'other behavioural issues'.

And one student was censured for 'violent, indecent, disorderly, threatening,
intimidating, defamatory, derogatory, offensive or other inappropriate behaviour
or language'. A spokesman said: "Our view is that proven academic misconduct is
best dealt with through the application of academic, rather than financial,
penalties."

THE UNIVERSITY OF MANCHESTER Cases at the University of Manchester were broadly
for academic offences; including plagiarism, falsifying exam results, cheating
in exams and bribery.

In 2012/13, there were 162 cases of students being found guilty of misconduct.
More than 100 were international students and the vast majority were for
plagiarism.

Most, 94, were postgraduate students.

Some 37 people - including 29 international students - were found guilty of
cheating in exams.

The remaining cases involved collusion (seven), non-academic misconduct (one)
and plagiarism (six).No fines were handed out, but 46 students were reprimanded
and warned; while 18 were given reduced marks and 13 'zero' marks.

Around 10 saw their final grade classification reduced and five were excluded.

A university spokesman said: "Only a small minority of students commit any
misconduct and, as these figures show, we have policies in place to deal with
any incidents that arise and to act as a deterrent.

"All students are given information on academic good conduct when they enrol and
during exam periods. Support is provided throughout their study to remind them
of policies and procedures."

On incidents of non-academic offences, including harassment and threatening
behaviour, he said: "In a population of more than 38,000 students there will
occasionally be incidents of this nature."

A Manchester Students' Union spokesman said: "We work closely with the
university to provide advice and guidance on academic conduct and discipline to
all of our students. This includes both pre-emptive guidance for students
undertaking assessment and impartial advice for students under investigation."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2015 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday
                                 First Edition

First public police discipline hearing - then seven canceled

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 408  words


After a Baltimore police officer was found guilty of misconduct during internal
disciplinary hearings that were opened to the public Monday, the next seven
officers on the docket decided to accept punishment in last-minute settlements.

While officers frequently settle, some of officers who settled last week didn't
want to have the misconduct allegations made public, according to Lt. Kenneth
Butler, vice president of the city's police union, and Mike Davey, a Baltimore
lawyer who represents officers.

Such hearings had been kept private. That changed with legislation passed by the
Maryland General Assembly earlier this year as part of broader police
accountability reforms.

Baltimore police officers may appeal disciplinary cases to internal trial boards
after an administrative investigation finds them guilty of misconduct. Possible
punishment ranges from a written letter of reprimand to firing.

The details of misconduct complaints against individual officers are still kept
private, unless they reach the hearing stage.

In the first hearing to be held in public since the law passed, the trial board
found Officer Alice Carson-Johnson guilty of misconduct for missing a meeting in
August 2015 with a prosecutor,who was preparing for the trials of officers
accused in the death of Freddie Gray. Carson-Johnson's lawyer said it wasn't a
"big deal" and pointed out that she met with the prosecutor the next business
day. (All of the officers in the Gray case have been cleared.)

Butler also said some of the officers recently settled because the odds of
winning before trial boards have diminished.

From January to August, all 11 officers lost their appeals before the trial
boards. Officers faced much better odds in 2012. That year, 57 percent of
officers lost their appeals. Ever since then, winning cases has grown more
difficult.

Butler says management won the right to have another seat on the trial board, so
that two of three judges are now command staff aligned with management.

Previously, two of three judges were lower-level officers.

"Officers feel the deck is stacked against them," Butler said, "so they go ahead
and take punishment."

Trial boards are held in a fraction of disciplinary cases. So far this year,
three-quarters of all disciplinary cases (51 out of 68 through August) closed
before going to a trial board, with officers either accepting their punishment
or negotiating a legal settlement through a lawyer.

- Catherine Rentz

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 12, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Detroit Agrees On Monitor For the Police

BYLINE:  By ERIC LICHTBLAU

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 11


The Justice Department and Detroit have agreed to call in a monitor to oversee
changes at the Police Department after years of complaints of misconduct,
officials said today.

Lawyers for the federal government and the city plan to go before a federal
judge on Thursday to seek approval of an accord that will effectively end a
30-month civil rights investigation and establish a framework for changes. The
department will have to overhaul policies on the use of force, initiate new
training, analyze trends in officers' misconduct and upgrade holding cells,
among other measures, federal law enforcement officials said.

The accord reflects a continuing shift at the Justice Department under Attorney
General John Ashcroft in securing largely amicable pacts with localities accused
of patterns of police misconduct.

The Clinton administration was more aggressive, using the threat of legal action
and suits to force changes. President Bush, in his campaign in 2000, made clear
that he thought that the Clinton administration's routinely "second-guessing"
local departments was counterproductive.

Detroit officials said they welcomed the agreement, which The Detroit Free Press
reported today.

"We have a great relationship with the Department of Justice," a spokesman for
the city, Howard Hughey, said. "We need police reform in the Detroit Police
Department, and this is the fastest way to get there."

Citizens' groups and the news media in Detroit have in recent years drawn
attention to possible police misconduct. The Justice Department opened a civil
rights investigation in late 2000.

The Rev. Wendell Anthony, president of the Detroit chapter of the N.A.A.C.P. and
head of a community panel on police problems, said residents had become outraged
by a long history of police shootings, in-custody deaths and costly suits
against the department.

"There are some good people at the Police Department," Mr. Anthony said in a
telephone interview. "But there are also some stinking rotten apples who believe
they are the protectors, the judges, the lawyers and the executioners. It's
unfortunate we have to move to the level of having a monitor for the City of
Detroit."

But he said he hoped the plan would help ease problems.

Other people were skeptical. Civil rights advocates said the Justice Department,
in seeking to reach agreements with cities over police problems rather than
suing them, had been too passive and had watered down rules from the Clinton
administration.

"They're signing these decrees that don't have any teeth," said Vic Walczak, the
legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union in Pittsburgh who was
involved in a 1997 consent decree for the police force there. Last year, a judge
lifted most of the provisions of that accord, in agreement with the Justice
Department and the city.

Department officials said that in Detroit and other communities where they have
similar agreements, they can still sue if the monitor determines that the police
are not living up to their promises.

"Our goal is to make sure that where there are alleged violations of civil
rights or misconduct by law enforcement, those policies are corrected," a
Justice Department official said.

Under Mr. Ashcroft, the department has reached accords with five communities on
misconduct, officials said. Seventeen inquiries remain open.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company

                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 9, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From news services

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 460 words

Many swelter in unusual heat
A spring heat wave sizzled from Texas to New England on Monday, stressing
utilities as residents cranked up air conditioners for a second and --- in some
spots --- third day.

The afternoon high in New York's Central Park was 91, tying a record set in
1936. The American Red Cross handed out bottles of water, giving out about 15,
000 Sunday and Monday. At the Atlantic City, N.J., International Airport, a
90-degree high tied a 36-year-old record for the date, the National Weather
Service said.

Power companies in the mid-Atlantic region urged customers to conserve
electricity as temperatures peaked above 90, well over usual spring readings in
the 70s, the weather service said.

Authorities in many areas issued heat stroke and air quality warnings, but few
problems were reported.

Temperatures in Texas reached afternoon highs Monday of 100 in Abilene, 99 in
Mineral Wells, Wink and San Angelo, 98 in Fort Stockton and 96 in Midland.


McCain may endorse Bush candidacy today
Failed Republican presidential candidate John McCain is expected to endorse
former rival George W. Bush at a Pittsburgh summit today, despite misgivings
about the Texan's political agenda. The Arizona senator had been expected to
endorse Bush later in the campaign, but decided to act sooner because he was
tired of the circus-like atmosphere surrounding their pending meeting.

Ramseys file 2 suits over media coverage
JonBenet Ramsey's parents sued the New York Post and Time Warner for $ 4 million
each, saying they libeled the Ramseys' young son, Burke, by portraying him as
the prime suspect in his sister's death. The lawsuits were filed in federal
court in Manhattan. JonBenet, 6, was found beaten and strangled Dec. 26, 1996,
in the basement of her parents' home in Boulder, Colo. The Ramseys now live in
Atlanta.

Feds prepared to sue L.A. in police scandal
The Justice Department stands ready to file a police misconduct lawsuit against
the city of Los Angeles, U.S. officials said, but will give city authorities
time to try to work out a voluntary settlement. Bill Lann Lee, acting assistant
attorney general for the department's civil rights division, met with officials
for over an hour, then said the department must make changes in police training
and procedures or face a lawsuit that could give the federal government final
say over department policies.

New Mexico wildfires force hundreds to flee
A fire set to clear underbrush at a New Mexico national monument that got out of
control closed the Los Alamos National Laboratory and sent at least 500 people
from their homes. A separate fire 200 miles southeast near Ruidoso burned 4,500
acres and forced the evacuation of at least 200 homes.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Once a draft exile in a segregation-era dispute, Albany, Ga., native Preston
King addresses Fisk University's 126th commencement on Monday in Nashville. He
was pardoned last year. / JOHN RUSSELL / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution

                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    January 19, 2002 Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Victim criticizes church

BYLINE: Kathleen A. Shaw; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 530 words



Philip Saviano, who as a child was molested by a priest of the Worcester Diocese
at St. Denis Parish in East Douglas, said he was glad to hear that a jury
yesterday convicted John J. Geoghan, a former priest of the Boston archdiocese,
for fondling a boy at a swimming pool 10 years ago.

''At least he is finally off the street,'' Mr. Saviano said in a telephone
interview from his home in Jamaica Plain.

Mr. Saviano, who heads the New England chapter of SNAP (Survivors Network of
Those Abused by Priests), criticized the Vatican for its new directives on
handling accusations of sexual misconduct by priests. The accused priests will
now be subject to secret church trials in addition to secular criminal and civil
trials.

''The operational word is secrecy,'' Mr. Saviano said. ''Sexual misconduct
thrives amidst secrecy. The pope knows all about these cases.''

Mr. Saviano said the Roman Catholic Church is still trying to handle these
issues behind its own closed doors.

He questioned why the church for years had operated its own treatment programs
for sex offenders, including the now-closed House of Affirmation in
Whitinsville. The church was able to hide its offending priests from public
scrutiny, he said.

The closed church tribunals, which will be conducted at the Vatican or at the
diocesan level, will allow the church ''to keep the public spotlight off of
them,'' Mr. Saviano said.

The church is not doing enough to deal with priests who molest children, he
added.

''This is a worldwide problem within the Catholic Church. It isn't just Boston
or Worcester. It is happening in Ireland, Austria, Australia and numerous other
places around the world,'' he said.

He did laud Cardinal Bernard Law's recent apology for sexual misconduct by
priests, but criticized the cardinal's new directive that priests and church
workers report alleged misconduct to police.

''He said the sexual misconduct has to be reported as of now. What about
something that happened six months earlier? What happens to those victims?'' he
said.

Mr. Saviano agreed to a $12,500 settlement with the Worcester Diocese in 1996
after he sued, charging sexual misconduct by the Rev. David A. Holley, who
served at St. Denis. The Worcester diocese offered

him more money if he would agree to remain quiet about the allegations. He
refused.

Holley was a priest in the Worcester diocese from 1958 to 1969 and then went to
New Mexico. He was later charged there in connection with several allegations of
sexual misconduct with children, was tried and sentenced to more than 200 years
in jail.

Mr. Saviano, who has not given up his battle for justice for victims of clerical
abuse, said the Geoghan trial helped put the issue of pedophile priests back
into the public's consciousness. While many Catholic laypeople have accepted
that some of their priests molest children, others refuse to deal with this
reality, he said.

He was busy yesterday updating his organization's Web site at
www.survivorsnetwork.org, which gives information on how clerical sexual abuse
survivors can get help and offers newspaper articles from around the country and
world on clerical sexual abuse.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.

                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             May 12, 2012 Saturday
                               SAT FINAL Edition

Adams County assessor charged

BYLINE: David Olinger

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 738 words


Adams County Assessor Gil Reyes was charged Friday with criminal misconduct for
lowering the property taxes of warehouses owned by his leading campaign
contributor.

Reyes faces nine misdemeanor charges of official misconduct, one for each
warehouse that benefited from his intervention.

Each charge carries a maximum penalty of one year in jail and a $1,000 fine.
Cumulatively, the maximum penalty on all charges would be nine years and $9,000.

The investigation of Reyes, conducted jointly by the Adams County district
attorney's office, the FBI and the U.S. Attorney's Office, began after The
Denver Post reported in November 2010 that Reyes had personally slashed the
taxable values of warehouses owned by California-based Majestic Realty Co. by
$23 million, saving the company more than $800,000 that year alone.

Majestic, its officers and affiliates contributed $14,000 to Reyes' 2002 and
2006 campaigns. Reyes, a Democrat, was elected without opposition to a third
term in 2010.

The criminal charges against him stem from allegations that in June 2005 and
February 2007, Reyes told his administrative assistant to lower the appraised
values of nine Majestic Realty industrial warehouses in Adams County. Those
values had been established by commercial appraisers in Reyes' office.

Colorado assessors are required to value commercial properties using one of
three yardsticks -- their construction cost, their market value or their sales
income -- or some combination of those three measures.

Adams County District Attorney Don Quick said Reyes did not do that when he
lowered the appraised values of the Majestic Realty warehouses.

"He didn't follow the rules and regulations that govern his office," Quick said.
"He just instructed his assistant to put in values that were significantly
different from his commercial appraisers'."

Reyes is scheduled to appear in court June 14. He can continue to serve as
county assessor while the case is pending because "he's innocent until proven
otherwise," Quick said.

The Post also reported that e-mail exchanges between Reyes and Randall Hertel, a
Majestic Realty vice president in Colorado, showed the assessor had accepted
gifts of Colorado Rockies and Colorado Avalanche tickets from Hertel and met him
several times for lunch. Reyes pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanor for
failing to report those gifts.

The Majestic Realty contributions to Reyes' campaigns included $1,000 checks
from Hertel and from company chairman Edward Roski, a part-owner of the Los
Angeles Lakers.

The state Division of Property Taxation launched a separate investigation that
concluded Reyes' revised values for the Majestic Realty properties were
incorrect. It is re-evaluating the appraised value of every warehouse in the
county and expects to issue its final report in August.

Reyes could not be reached for comment Friday afternoon, and Hertel did not
return calls to his office.

The Adams County commissioners have no control over Reyes' future as an assessor
because he holds an elected office.

But Erik Hansen, a Republican commissioner who called on Reyes to resign last
year, reiterated that request Friday.

"He's lost the public trust, and he should resign," Hansen said. "I certainly
would encourage a recall election too. It's overdue."

The charges all accuse Reyes of "failing in his appraisals to determine the
actual value" of properties, with "intent to obtain a benefit for any person" by
undervaluing the Majestic Realty buildings.

The list of potential witnesses includes current and former employees of the
assessor's office, state Division of Taxation investigators, and Hertel,
Majestic Realty's agent at its Aurora warehouse complex.

Quick said the investigation looked into Majestic Realty contributions to
assessors in other states as well as its gifts to Reyes.

"At this point, we're not filing charges," he said, "but the investigation
continues."

The criminal investigation of the county assessor is one of several scandals
that have plagued Adams County government, prompting the county commissioners to
approve a sweeping set of reforms last year.

Five people have been convicted in the Quality Paving case, in which company and
public-works employees are accused of conspiring to defraud the county of $1.8
million. And a special prosecutor has been appointed to investigate Commissioner
Alice Nichol's dealings with Quality Paving.

David Olinger: 303-954-1498 or dolinger@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gil Reyes, left, is accused of lowering the property taxes on nine
warehouses owned by his top campaign contributor. Reyes faces a possible nine
years in prison.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    October 29, 2005 Saturday Metro Edition

Priest advocate cites moral obligation;
Leader of group that supports accused priests has South Bend roots.

BYLINE: By PATRICK M. O'CONNELL; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 372 words


Joseph R. Maher, president of the nonprofit organization responsible for this
week's mailings soliciting support for the Rev. Paul LeBrun, said Friday he has
a moral obligation to help priests accused of sexual misconduct.

Maher, who attended St. Casimir's School in South Bend before his family moved
to the Detroit area, now leads Opus Bono Sacerdotii, a Detroit-based group whose
name in Latin means "Work for the Good of the Priesthood."

LeBrun, a former Little Flower Catholic Church priest, is on trial in Arizona,
where he is accused of eight counts of sexual misconduct with a minor and five
counts of child molestation.

Opus Bono mailed about 3,000 letters to Indiana parishioners asking for
donations to fund LeBrun's trial defense.

Maher, who says his organization has aided about 2,000 priests since the group
began in April 2002, calls the work "a calling from Christ."

"My heart goes out to these guys," Maher said about priests accused of
misconduct who have been banished from public ministry. "The people who allege (
misconduct) have plenty of people and groups to help them. Nobody is there to
help the priests who are accused."

Maher makes no judgment about the accused priests, he said, believing that
everyone is innocent until proven guilty.

"These guys have no place to go, no one to turn to," he said. Opus Bono attempts
to provide accused priests with moral support, connections to others in similar
situations and sometimes money to replace lost wages.

Maher said it is not his intention to cause hardship or despair for LeBrun's
alleged victims and he respectfully disagrees with the comments of Bishop John
M. D'Arcy of the Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend, who said Thursday Opus Bono's
mailings are "outrageous" and "out of order."

Opus Bono was informed of LeBrun's case from a couple of the priest's
supporters, who gathered addresses. Maher has corresponded with LeBrun but has
not personally met him.

Since the letters were mailed, Opus Bono has received phone calls ranging from
people angered by the letters to those wanting to help, Maher said. No donations
had been made as of Friday afternoon.

Staff writer Patrick M. O'Connell:

poconnell@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6357


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LeBrun

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 14, 1998, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

EX-POLICEMAN IS GUILTY OF MISCONDUCT

BYLINE: Robert Goodrich; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 9

LENGTH: 394 words


* For having sex with a prostitute while on duty, he gets probation and
community service. He had alrady lost his job with the force in East St. Louis.

A former East St. Louis police officer was put on two years' probation and
ordered to provide 300 hours of community service for having sex with a
prostitute while on duty.

A jury in circuit court in Belleville in January convicted Keith Hare of
official misconduct but acquitted him of sexually assaulting the woman in August
1996.

Hare's attorney, Paul M. Storment III, argued that acquittal indicated the jury
didn't believe the woman's story, raising doubt about official misconduct.

But Associate Judge James J. Radcliffe said Friday that jurors apparently
concluded there was simply not enough evidence the woman was forced to have sex.

"Mr. Hare owes a debt to the people of East St. Louis," Radcliffe said.

Although Hare, 28, apparently lived an exemplary life before the incident, his
actions had disgraced his uniform and insulted his community, the judge added.

Hare was fired after the woman reported the incident.

The prosecutor, Lisa Porter, chief assistant St. Clair County state's attorney,
said she had not pushed for a prison sentence because Hare had already lost his
job and the felony conviction would prevent him from ever again working as a
police officer.

At the trial, the woman, 40, said Hare picked her up on the street one night
after she had spent the day "getting high" on crack.

She said that at the time of the incident she had been walking to a gas station
to panhandle money for a bottle of wine.

She said Hare had forced her to have sex under an overpass near the Popl ar
Street Bridge.

The woman testified that despite having worked as a prostitute to support her
crack habit, she held a part-time job as a substitute teacher in the St. Louis
School District.

She was also convicted of forgery in 1993.

School officials said she had last worked on Dec. 23.

A spokesman for the city school system said Friday that the woman was no longer
on the substitute list.

Officials said that they were unaware of her problems and that such a person
should not be in charge of children.

Substitutes' backgrounds are checked before they are are hired, but that
information is not usually updated, the school officials acknowledged.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 30, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Two-by-fours get officer suspended;
Lawrenceville police: All freebies prohibited

BYLINE: Scott Marshall; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 1J

LENGTH: 362 words


A Lawrenceville police officer was suspended without pay this week for taking
lumber from a truck-crash site that he mistakenly believed would be discarded.

The officer, W.T. Durden, was suspended for 28 days, placed on probation for six
months and will be prohibited from taking any test for promotion for a year for
an allegation of misconduct under departmental rules, said Lawrenceville Police
Chief Butch Conway.

Department policy prohibits officers from accepting "even a cup of coffee" for
free, Conway said.

Last month, the firing of a Gwinnett County sheriff's deputy's was upheld by the
county Merit Board after the deputy was accused of accepting something for free
because of his position.

The former deputy, David Alva, stayed intermittently last September at a motel
on Indian Trail-Lilburn Road while he was going through a divorce.

Alva contended it was common knowledge that deputies receive some things for
free, but officials responded that he stayed at the motel for 15 to 17 days and
that the favor was extended because he was a law- enforcement officer.

Police generally are prohibited from accepting large-scale "freebies," although
officers from various departments commonly receive discounts, if not free items
such as food and the like.

Conway said Durden has "an excellent record" as an officer and that the mistake
stemmed from an error in judgment, not criminal intent.

Durden and a friend picked up about 24 two-by-fours from the site of a Tuesday
accident in which a tractor-trailer lost control and struck a car at Ga. 316 and
Hurricane Shoals Road.

In the accident, the trucker was charged with running a red light and driving an
unsafe vehicle. The driver of the car suffered minor injuries. Another trucker
from the same company also was arrested when he stopped to help his co-worker.
The second trucker's vehicle was unsafe, too, police said. Both tractor-trailers
were impounded.

Durden was told that the lumber the truck spilled alongside Hurricane Shoals
Road would be thrown away or unclaimed, records show.

The lumber had been destined for a Home Depot distribution center near Ga. 316
and U.S. 29.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution

                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 30, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Symbolism in Action

BYLINE: By John Lewis;  John Lewis, a Democratic member of the House of
Representatives from Georgia, is the author of "Walking With the Wind: A Memoir
of the Movement."

SECTION: Section A; Page 23; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


More than a thousand men and women have been arrested for protesting police
misconduct and brutality in the case of Amadou Diallo, the unarmed immigrant who
was killed outside his Bronx apartment a few weeks ago. Some critics, including
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, have ridiculed the daily demonstrations at New York's
Police Headquarters as a publicity stunt.

Hearing this brings to mind the white politicians who stood in our way in the
1960's, when we in the civil rights movement used sit-ins, freedom rides, mass
meetings and marches as a form of protest in the South. At the time our tactics
were questioned, too. But we knew we had to dramatize our opposition to
segregation -- there was no other way to energize the larger community and
mobilize wide-scale support for our cause.

Back then, we knew the risks were great. On March 7, 1965, some of us tried to
cross the Edmund Pettis Bridge in a nonviolent march from Selma to Montgomery,
Ala. I was beaten unconscious by state troopers. "Bloody Sunday," as it came to
be called, galvanized the nation and moved President Lyndon Johnson to introduce
the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

We've come a long way since then. The protesters in New York do not face
bullwhips, bombs, tear gas, vicious attack dogs, fire hoses and mass arrests.
But that doesn't lessen the importance of what they are doing. They, too, are
standing up to gross injustice and saying, "No more." This dramatic
demonstration of nonviolent action may mark the emergence of a broad new
coalition of conscience.

Some critics have been focusing on the celebrities who have joined in, as if
their presence diminished the demonstrations. But we should not overlook the
wide array of participants: religious leaders, students, union workers and
political and labor leaders. All have been willing to break the law to prove a
symbolic point and so have re-opened a chapter from the pages of the civil
rights movement.

The larger community is paying attention, just as it did in the 1960's. And the
city's leaders are finally taking constructive action. This weekend Police
Commissioner Howard Safir said there would be an overhaul of the Street Crimes
Unit, including more minority officers and closer supervision. Mayor Giuliani
has met with black leaders and now admits he should have done so earlier.

There is no reason to think that these changes would have happened without the
protests. The history of civil rights has always had much to do with timing and,
especially, symbolism. When it comes to effecting social change, one could
almost say that substance follows symbolic action.

In 1993, when Governor Zell Miller of Georgia and others proposed changing the
state flag because it bore the bars of the old Confederacy, he drew on the power
of symbolism to make a point about how far the South had come since the days of
slavery and Jim Crow. Changing the flag wasn't going to feed the hungry or
improve the state's schools, but the importance of the symbol was not lost on
Georgia's blacks.

Likewise, when John Kennedy ran for President in 1960, he earned credibility on
civil rights issues when he called Martin Luther King Jr.'s wife, Coretta, to
voice concern about the well-being of Dr. King, who was sitting in an Atlanta
jail. Because of moments like these we cannot underestimate the role symbolism
plays in politics, especially when the public needs a sign from its leaders that
its concerns are being heard. These are lessons that Mayor Giuliani would do
well to learn.

"True peace is not merely the absence of tension and conflict; it is the
presence of justice," Dr. King wrote as he sat in a Birmingham jail cell. The
recent demonstrations have reminded us of the truth of those words. It is the
protesters' conscience, not the desire for publicity, that called them to act.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             January 5, 2007 Friday

Berkeley awaits court decision on police panel;
Police review board may no longer be able to conduct public hearings

BYLINE: Thomas Peele, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 825 words


An Alameda County judge is expected to rule no later than the middle of February
on whether Berkeley's Police Review Commission can continue to hold public
hearings on allegations of officer misconduct, a process that provides a rare
glimpse into how the government investigates abuse accusations.

The Berkeley commission and a similar body in Oakland stopped public hearings
after the state Supreme Court ruled in August that officer disciplinary records
are confidential, even when a government entity other than a police department
possesses them.

The San Francisco and Los Angeles police departments also halted public hearings
of misconduct allegations.

In nearly all California cities, such investigations are conducted in private.
Police personnel records are not public under state law.

The August ruling reinvigorated the Berkeley Police Association's four-year
legal effort to close the commission's hearings to the public. In November, the
association's lawyer asked Judge Winifred Smith to rule that the Supreme Court
decision closed the matter.

Berkeley's city attorney argued that because the city manager and police chief
-- not the commission -- mete out discipline, the public hearings should
continue.

"They are two completely segregated systems. The commission does not have
disciplinary authority," said the city's attorney, Manuela Albuquerque. "The
process is very important to running our police department. It is a fact finder
in a public setting."

In court papers, Alison Berry Wilkinson, attorney for the police union, said the
Supreme Court's decision means the review commission's records are subject to
the "confidentiality mandates" of state law.

"The reasoning extends to the misconduct investigation process at issue here,"
Wilkinson wrote in court papers. "Regardless of whether the investigation is
conducted by the police department or the Police Review Commission, it is being
conducted by the employing agency -- the city of Berkeley."

Wilkinson also represents the Oakland Police Association in its Supreme Court
appeal of two lower court rulings won by the Contra Costa Times and Hills
Newspapers that individual police salaries are public records. Oral arguments in
that case are expected to be scheduled in 2007.

The Supreme Court decision "clarifies and strengthens" state laws passed to
protect police by making their records confidential, Wilkinson said.

Berkeley's argument that the review commission is separate from the disciplinary
process "is flawed," she said, because the chief and city manager can weigh the
commission's findings in making disciplinary decisions.

The board of directors of the California Newspaper Publishers Association has
approved seeking a member of the legislature to author a bill that would make
public records of misconduct allegations that are sustained, said Tom Newton,
the association's general counsel.

Such a fight would be "uphill sledding," against powerful law enforcement unions
that have "gotten laws on the books that have been interpreted so narrowly by
the courts," Newton said. He declined to identify potential bill authors.

"The public has an overriding interest in (access to) confirmed incidents of
misconduct," Newton said. "We hope we can convince the legislature of that."

Berkeley's commission has conducted open reviews of complaints for 33 years.
Albuquerque said the process creates accountability for the department and the
city because officers know their conduct can be publicly reviewed.

"There is a constant feedback loop," she said. A ruling that the commission
cannot continue open meetings would mean that "you can't ask any questions in
public about what your police department is doing."

A former commission member said the public should be clamoring for reform.

"There has been a very real impact on public knowledge about what is going on in
police departments," said Mark Schlosberg, a former Berkeley commission member
who is police practices policy director for the American Civil Liberties Union
Northern California office.

"How can the public otherwise have confidence?" he said. "This is about public
access to information from independent investigations."

The August Supreme Court ruling involved a San Diego County sheriff's deputy who
was fired after failing to make an arrest in a domestic violence case that
involved an assault. The deputy appealed to the county Civil Service Commission
but eventually agreed to resign in exchange for the most serious charges being
dropped.

The San Diego Union Tribune sought documents detailing the incident and the
officer's identity. It lost in Superior Court but won an appeal. The Supreme
Court then took the case, ruling that even though the commission did not employ
the deputy, restrictions on access to records in the deputy's personnel file
extended to other government agencies, setting up the legal showdown between
Berkeley and its police union.

Reach Thomas Peele at tpeele@cctimes.com or 925-977-8463.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 11, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

N.H. justice acquitted of misconduct charges

BYLINE: Fred Bayles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE:  CONCORD, N.H.


CONCORD, N.H. -- A nine-month constitutional crisis ended Tuesday
with the acquittal of New Hampshire's top judge on misconduct
charges. But legal observers say the impeachment case has just
begun to resonate through the nation's judicial and legislative
chambers.

"Many courts around the country are now taking pains to make
sure their policies are set out in writing. No one wants this
to happen to them," Dick Hesse, a Franklin Pierce Law Center
constitutional expert, said after the acquittal of state Supreme
Court Chief Justice David Brock.


Brock, chief justice for 14 years, was impeached in July by the
state House. The four articles of impeachment accused Brock of
routinely allowing justices to comment on cases if they had potential
conflicts of interest; making a call to a lower-court judge in
a case involving a powerful state senator; asking then-Justice
Stephen Thayer's opinion about a judge he was going to appoint
to preside over Thayer's divorce; and lying to House investigators
looking into allegations this spring.

After 14 days of testimony, the full state Senate voted to acquit
Brock on all charges. Votes ranged from 14-8 to 18-4 for acquittal.

Fifteen votes, or two-thirds of the 22 participating senators,
would have been needed for a conviction.

On the stand, Brock admitted to mistakes in his tenure over the
courts and conceded that he gave investigators answers that were
less than satisfactory.

However, he denied lying. Though many senators chided Brock for
a lax attitude about court procedures, they agreed he did not
deserve to be removed from office.

"For us to convict, there must be serious misconduct. Poor judgment
is not enough," Sen. Burt Cohen told his fellow senators.

Brock, 64, could still face additional action by the Legislature,
but he is expected to survive additional challenges. He faces
mandatory retirement at age 70.

"You bet I'm going back to work," he said after the verdicts.

Brock was the first New Hampshire judge to be tried by the Senate.
The House impeached another judge in 1790, but he resigned before
his trial.

Brock's trial followed years of complaints about the aloofness
of the high court and the rest of the state's judiciary, which
was often portrayed as an "old boys club" whose members protected
one another against charges of malfeasance. In one case, the judiciary
seemed to protect a judge who was later found guilty of stealing
from clients of his law firm.

Many lawmakers and voters were further angered over a state high
court ruling in 1997 that threw out the way communities fund education.
The ruling continues to create turmoil as politicians struggle
to comply.

Rep. Henry Mock, the Judiciary Committee chairman who led the
impeachment prosecution, said the trial was necessary to restore
confidence in the state institution.

"It was something that had to be done to rein in what the public
perceived as an arrogance of the judiciary," he said.

Steve Ross, one of Brock's attorneys, said the case was an example
of the increasingly strong passions that focus on state high courts
as they are called on to rule on controversial issues such as
education and personal rights that closely affect voters.

"The danger is that impeachment could become too easy a process,"
said Ross, a constitutional expert and former counsel to the U.S.
House. "This case should remind people what the proper role of
impeachment is and dissuade legislatures from misusing it."

Hesse of Franklin Pierce said he hoped the New Hampshire case
would serve as a primer to legislatures in other states on the
separation of powers.

"There are times when legislators have unreasonable expectations
about their powers. They need to have a better education about
the constitutional process," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Cole, AP; Brock: On the stand, New Hampshire's chief
justice admitted mistakes but denied lying.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             April 26, 2015 Sunday

Guest Column;
Preserve police conduct records to better serve and protect

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 607 words


Police brutality leaves two victims in its violent wake: physically abused
suspects, who obviously sustain the most painful injuries, and taxpayers, who
take a financial beating when government is ordered to compensate targets of
excessive force.

Consider: It's cost Chicago taxpayers more than $500 million to settle brutality
lawsuits over the last decade, according to a Better Government Association
investigation last year. We also found that suburban Cook County spent $42
million to settle similar cases in the past five years.

Relatively few cops, including the notorious former Chicago Police Commander
John Burge and his infamous torture crew, engage in the kind of despicable
behavior that sparks lawsuits.

Still, some Illinois law enforcement officials want to purge those painful
memories by destroying documents that can provide valuable information about
patterns of police misconduct or uncovered evidence. They're seeking court
permission to expunge records that go back more than four years.

The BGA strongly is opposed, as we argued in a recent friend-of-the-court filing
that says it's "the right of the public to access information about its
government, and specifically, to know about and analyze allegations of
misconduct made against police officers and how those allegations are handled by
those in power."

We're joining opponents of a lawsuit filed by several Chicago police unions,
including the Fraternal Order of Police, which is made up of 12,000 beat cops.

FOP claims its collective bargaining agreement and the state's Freedom of
Information Act allow exemptions for misconduct records. Last year, in a
different case, the Illinois Appellate Court disagreed, ruling that records of
allegations, investigations and police misconduct settlements aren't exempt from
FOIA requests and must be made available for public scrutiny.

After that decision, the Chicago Tribune requested some of the records, and the
city and police department agreed to provide them. That prompted the FOP
lawsuit, so the requests are now on hold until the Appellate Court rules on the
new challenge.

Remember, once records are destroyed they're gone forever, and the loss would be
incalculable. It would impair our ability to investigate patterns of misconduct
that unfold over time and trends that relate to police policies, deployment and
supervision.

In 2011 the BGA co-authored an investigation of wrongful convictions that
identified police misconduct as a leading factor in rigged cases that sent
dozens of innocent men and women to prison, where they languished, collectively,
for hundreds of years.

That's why the BGA and two journalists with long histories of exposing police
misconduct -- Jamie Kalven and John Conroy -- joined the FOP lawsuit by filing
an amicus brief. Conroy was the BGA's lead investigator on our wrongful
convictions series.

Let me repeat that relatively few officers are responsible for most of the
misconduct cases. But the destruction of police files robs us of the ability to
distinguish between an exemplary record and a questionable one. More troubling,
secrecy enables the small number of serial offenders -- cops who repeatedly are
charged with abusive behavior -- to believe they can engage in brutality with
impunity. And that is truly a miscarriage of justice.

In the spirit of transparency and accountability, let's preserve records that,
to paraphrase the motto emblazoned on the side of Chicago squad cars, serve and
protect both the public and the police.

-- Andy Shaw is president and CEO of the Better Government Association. Email
him at ashaw@bettergov.org or find him on Twitter, @andyshawbga.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 17, 2015 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Ashbury College teachers cleared of misconduct

BYLINE: Andrew Duffy, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CITY; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 434 words


A panel of judges has cleared two Ashbury College teachers of professional
misconduct for their handling of a notorious student assault case.

Head of School Norman Southward sent a note to Ashbury parents Wednesday,
informing them that a Divisional Court appeal panel has "fully exonerated"
teachers Alyssa Novick and Ian Middleton and quashed an earlier decision by the
discipline committee of the Ontario College of Teachers.

The teachers were charged with professional misconduct after a November 2007
school trip to Boston during which a 16-year-old student was assaulted by two
schoolmates

while another student shot video and a fourth watched. The teachers were accused
of failing to immediately report the assault to the victim's parents and to
police in Boston.

Last year, the discipline committee reprimanded the teachers for not calling the
parents immediately after the assault. That finding has now been overturned by
the Divisional Court.

"All allegations of professional misconduct made against the teachers have now
been dismissed," Southward told parents Wednesday.

"Both Alyssa and Ian hold distinguished teaching records and regularly receive
positive reviews from students, parents and alumni ... We very much look forward
to their continued contributions to the school community."

The court appeal panel has not yet issued written reasons for its ruling, and
Southward declined further comment until those are released.

The lawyer for the teachers, Peter Engelmann, could not be reached for comment.

According to evidence heard by the discipline committee, the Ashbury teachers
spent four hours in the immediate aftermath of the assault interviewing
students. The victim was told to call his parents. The two students most
involved in the assault were flown back to Ottawa on the next available flight.

All four students who had taken part in the hotel room assault were suspended
and later expelled from the private school.

It took the teachers about 18 hours to inform Boston police that an assault had
been committed. In her testimony, Novick said she hesitated to call police
because of the victim's own reluctance to report the matter.

The Boston police failed to show up to take a victim statement the next day and
the trip supervisors, Novick and Middleton, brought the students back to Ottawa.
Boston police later came to Ottawa and charged the two students who had
assaulted their schoolmate.

Both pleaded guilty in a U.S. court to assault and received probationary
sentences; charges of indecent assault were stayed by the court. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Alyssa Novick;;  Ian Middleton;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved

                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                          September 12, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Prosecution oversight: Beyond the Duke lacrosse case

BYLINE: Kendall Coffey Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 874 words


Last week the Duke lacrosse team prosecutor, Mike Nifong, spent a day in jail
for contempt, adding to punishment that already included the loss of his job and
his law license due to prosecutorial misconduct. But while justice has been
served, a larger reality may have been obscured. Rather than typifying oversight
by the state bar associations that regulate attorney conduct, North Carolina's
aggressive prosecution of this prosecutor may be a high profile aberration that
leaves broader questions concerning prosecutorial misconduct largely unanswered.

Historically, state bar associations have earned poor marks for their oversight
of the nation's more than 28,000 state and local prosecutors. According to a
2003 study by the Center for Public Integrity, out of 2,000 cases in which
courts found prosecutorial misconduct, professional discipline was imposed in
less than six percent. Along the same line, a 1999 study of 326 Illinois court
rulings that threw out convictions due to prosecutorial misconduct found only
two in which prosecutors were disciplined by state bar authorities. While it is
difficult to measure the pervasiveness of unethical conduct by prosecutors, the
consequences of such misconduct can be drastic. Although not addressing general
trends, a Texas Law Review article in 2000 provided a snapshot of the problem in
concluding that more than 12 percent of death sentences over a 17 year period
were set aside due to prosecutorial misconduct.

Moreover, while transgressions such as inflammatory statements occur in public
settings, other prosecutorial wrongdoing can happen without the knowledge of
judges or other lawyers. So-called Brady violations, based on the Supreme Court
case of Brady vs. Maryland, occur when a prosecutor knowingly fails to turn over
evidence that might prove the defendant's innocence -- such as Nifong's failure
to make timely disclosure of critical DNA evidence. Intended to assure a fair
trial, this requirement recognizes that police may uncover information that
could be important in determining guilt or innocence but is not otherwise
available to a defendant. Despite its obvious importance, though, the Brady rule
relies almost exclusively upon an honor system because, in the ordinary case, if
a prosecutor fails to deliver information that might have helped a defendant
beat the charges, no one else will ever know.

Because critical constitutional safeguards depend heavily on each prosecutor's
own sense of duty, consistent oversight of that honor system is crucial. At
present, however, out of more than 40 state bar associations responding to a
survey for this article, it appears that only Virginia has a specific system for
reviewing allegations of ethical violations by prosecutors. For the rest,
ethical oversight of prosecutors comes largely from civil law practitioners in
state bar associations who, while conscientious, often lack the expertise needed
to separate the innumerable bogus claims of prosecutorial misconduct from the
relatively few but important allegations that require trained analysis.

While some suggest civil monetary claims as a more consistent tool for
accountability, this is, however, a dead-end due to the absolute immunity from
lawsuits which courts grant prosecutors. Instead, the traditional vehicle for
addressing prosecutorial misconduct is granting the defendant a new trial. This
only works, though, if the misconduct is discovered in a timely fashion, and
even then, new trials are denied if courts find, as they usually do, that there
was sufficient evidence of guilt unrelated to any prosecutorial misdeed.

Despite the profound importance of the state and local prosecutor's ethical
responsibilities, the limits in existing safeguards suggest that only the rare,
high-profile case is likely to receive serious attention from state bar
associations. To better maintain its vigil over a vital honor system, each state
should develop systems that provide the necessary expertise as well as
structural independence from the prosecutors who may be scrutinized. To
analogize, complaints of police misconduct are regularly reviewed by police
officers in a department's internal affairs bureau, who are generally firewalled
from the professionals they investigate. Correspondingly, for the nation's 5,000
federal prosecutors, allegations of misconduct are reviewed by an office within
the Justice Department that in recent years has found prosecutorial mistakes in
some 40 percent of the cases it has formally investigated. Strikingly, though,
there are almost no bodies such as internal affairs or OPR for the state and
local prosecutors who handle over 95 percent of the nation's criminal cases.

With so much at stake, meaningful oversight should not be the exception and an
internal affairs system for prosecutors should be considered. More than 60 years
ago, Attorney General Robert H. Jackson observed that "The prosecutors have more
control over life, liberty, and reputation than any other person in America."
The Duke lacrosse players are surely not the only witnesses for this basic
truth.

Kendall Coffey is the former U.S. attorney in South Florida (1993-96). He
appears frequently as a legal analyst for CNN and other network news programs.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.

                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            November 9, 2012 Friday

Juries and internet research: we need to ask more questions

BYLINE: David Banksguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 758 words

ABSTRACT

David Banks: A US study into juries carrying out internet research shows the
need for a similar investigation in the UK

FULL TEXT

Jurors would like to use the internet to do their own research into the cases
they are trying, according to a study carried out in the USA.

They also said they felt unable to refrain from using the internet and social
media for the duration of a trial, it was reported in the study, Juror and Jury
Use of New Media: A Baseline Exploration, published by the National Centre for
State Courts.

The study comes as the capacity for jurors to misbehave was highlighted in the
UK, where Stephen Pardon, of Tipton, was jailed for four months on Thursday
after he admitted contempt of court for disclosing jury deliberations to a
defendant at a trial in Wolverhampton.

The US pilot study looked at a small sample of jurors in 15 civil and criminal
trials in Connecticut, Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Texas and Virginia.
Judges, lawyers and jurors were asked to fill in questionnaires concerning new
media use during the trials.

They found that 44% of jurors would like to use the web to research legal terms;
26% to find out more about the case; 23% to research the parties; 23% the
lawyers; 20% the judge; 19% the witnesses and 7% their fellow jurors.

8% wanted to email their family about the trial; 5% wanted to connect with
another juror; 3% wanted to connect with a trial participant, tweet or blog
about the trial.

But did the study reveal what would be regarded in the US as juror misconduct?

As the authors said: "The critical question is; did jurors or alternates admit
to engaging in juror misconduct - with or without the internet - during the
course of the trial? If so, did these actions affect their individual or
collective decision-making?

"The short answer is yes ... but only old-fashioned forms of misconduct such as
premature discussions with other jurors and face-to-face or telephonic
discussions with family and friends about the trial."

Few jurors reported any misconduct by use of new media, but, significantly
perhaps, few could remember being given any admonition by the judge not to use
new media to conduct their own research during a trial.

So, the study's authors say, the impact of new media on jury deliberations may
be small, but that may not hold true for long.

The report adds: "The vast majority of trial jurors are already exceptionally
wired-in, having both the technological access and the practical experience to
use these communication devices effortlessly.

"As younger cohorts join the jury pool, access to the internet and reliance upon
it for information-gathering can only increase.

"A key factor will be the degree to which jurors continue to believe that the
testimony of witnesses, especially expert witnesses hired by the parties, is
more compelling than what they can uncover on their own through information
available to them via the Internet."

The research is interesting because in the UK we are banned from even asking a
juror how they reached their decision. That applies not just to the media - the
trial judge, court of appeal, supreme court and even a Royal Commission on
Justice could not make such an inquiry without a change to the law, so such
research here has been very limited.

As with the US, we get hints at what jurors get up to when their misconduct is
occasionally caught. One juror was discharged after she asked her Facebook
friends to help her decide the verdict in a trial. Another was jailed for six
months after befriending and acquitted defendant on Facebook and then giving her
a running commentary on deliberations about her remaining co-defendants.

Jurors here, as in the USA, are admonished not to do their own internet research
into the case, but often that is no more than a brief aside in the judge's
introductory remarks. In the US some judges advocate far more specific warnings
about use Google, Wikipedia and other sources and that these warnings be made
repeatedly during trial.

What might be viewed far more seriously here than in the USA is a "wired-up"
juror's access to newspaper archives where material prejudicial to the trial
could be accessed. At the moment prejudicial copy sitting in a newspaper's
online archive is not seen as a contempt threat - but with an increased risk of
juror research that might change.

The US authors suggest a wider study of a greater number of jurors following
this pilot. Given the current attorney general's concern about prejudicial
pre-publicity, perhaps such a study should be carried out in the UK as well.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                              March 6, 2017 Monday

Sex misconduct redactions favor high-level staff

BYLINE: Matthias Gafni and Thomas Peele; Bay Area News Group

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 909 words


When University of California campuses released the records of more than 100
sexual misconduct cases last week, they blacked out the names of more than half
of the disciplined employees, along with large sections of the reports,
declaring an employee's right to privacy often outweighed the public's right to
know.

But a haphazard practice of redacting information exposed the names of some
low-profile workers while sometimes shielding executives and professors, who
investigators found sexually harassed students or coworkers.

For example, UC San Diego identified senior custodian Erik Rivera, who records
show was fired in 2013 for exposing himself to a coworker. Rivera claimed he and
the co-worker were playing a consensual game of "show and tell," documents show.

But UC San Francisco censored the name of a director of an unidentified
department who

investigators found sexually harassed his employees, as well as discriminated
against them based on religion.

The report found the man used sexual innuendo while discussing hand gel with
women and talked during a management meeting about how men should give their
wives or girlfriends breast exams and kiss their chests. Documents show he also
required managers to recite Christian prayers and Scripture during meetings.

"There is a real power dynamic in the way information is put out right now,"
said Justine Marcus, a UC Berkeley graduate student involved in sexual
misconduct prevention on campus. "People in positions of power are not getting
the same type of punitive response" as others.

A Bay Area News Group review of 110 sexual misconduct cases at the university
system's campuses from January 2013 to April 2016 found the identities of 66 of
the disciplined employees were blacked out. The Bay Area News Group and other
media organizations had requested the documents in 2015 when a sexual harassment
scandal surfaced at UC Berkeley.

Last year, as the scandal grew at Berkeley, officials there released records on
sexual harassment cases involving 19 employees who were all identified,
including world-renowned astronomer Geoff Marcy, law school dean Sujit Choudhry,
vice chancellor Graham Fleming and athletic coaches Yann Hufnagel and Todd
Mulzet.

When UC officials this week released the trove of documents from the system's
nine campuses beyond Berkeley, they explained their rationale for censoring some
offenders' names: If an employee was "not a high-level public official" or did
not hold "a special position of trust," the name was withheld.

Yet, the Bay Area News Group review found plenty of examples where that wasn't
the case.

Food service worker

UCLA's records, for example, identified food service worker Dany Matar who was
fired for harassing two women. But the campus' records did not identify an
associate professor who harassed a student for whom he admitted having
"affection and love."

The student reported she was scared to go to class after the professor emailed
her love poems at 2 a.m. with lines like "when we looked at those meteors and
dinosaur bones I was struck with how you share my fascination with the world,"
records show.

The professor was docked $7,500 in pay and restrictions were placed on his
interaction with students for 18 months.

The released documents identified Rivera and other low-level workers, such as
Issac Mendoza, a cook, and Luis Miranda, a shuttle driver, who were both fired
by UC Santa Cruz after investigators found they sexually harassed coworkers and
students.

UC Santa Cruz spokesman Scott Hernandez-Jason said the men were identified
because of repeated bad behavior and threats of retaliation. Records show there
had been previous complaints against Miranda. Mendoza had a history of anonymous
complaints against him with victims saying they feared retaliation if they
revealed themselves. Neither former employee could be reached.

No pattern

The documents show no pattern of naming only fired employees. UCSF, for example,
didn't name four of seven fired employees, including one who asked female
coworkers for oral sex and another whose work computer was found to contain
pornographic images.

When it released the records this week, UC stated in an unsigned letter that in
some instances "the privacy rights of individuals supersede the right of public
access to public records" and it weighed the privacy rights of employees against
the public right to know.

Individual decisions about what to withhold in the reports were made at the
campus level, UC spokesman, Dan Scannell, wrote in an email.

"We take our obligations under the disclosure and privacy laws very seriously,"
he said.

All the names of UC's offending employees should be made public, according to
David Snyder, executive director of the First Amendment Coalition. He said when
a public employee is disciplined, their privacy rights are superseded by the
public's right to know what's going on within a government agency.

"I don't know of any reason not to release," he said.

Open records advocates also questioned why UC took 16 months to release the
records after the news organization's request. That's far too long to make the
documents public, said Nikki Moore, a lawyer for the California Newspaper
Publishers Association.

State law requires the "prompt" disclosure of records. "Taking 16 months to
produce these records is the very opposite of prompt," Moore said. "Agencies
hope that if they delay long enough, the requester will go away. That,
thankfully, did not happen here."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2017 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: County clerk's daughter faces theft charge; mother alleged of misconduct

BYLINE: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 194 words


Dec. 23--Tribune-Star staff report

A 25-year-old Casey, Ill., woman, Summer Shaw, has pleaded guilty to theft of
government property less than $500 for claiming overtime pay she did not earn
while she worked for her mother, who is the Clark County Clerk.

At the same time, the clerk, Kathy S. Ramsey, has requested a trial on her
charge of official misconduct for allegedly paying her daughter for hours that
Shaw is alleged not to have worked.

Shaw appeared in court Monday where she pleaded guilty and was ordered to pay
$622 in court costs and $638 in restitution to Clark County.. She was also
ordered to perform 30 hours of public service work. She was sentenced to Second
Chance Probation for 24 months, and assigned a December 2017 court date for a
probation review.

Ramsey's official misconduct charge was filed in September, and she was ordered
by the court in October to turn over to the sheriff keys to her courthouse
office. Ramsey has been assigned a public defender and has a status hearing set
for Feb. 22.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151223-TX-BRF-County-clerk-s-daughter-faces-theft-charge-mother-alleged-of-
misconduct-1223-20151223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star

                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           January 9, 2008 Wednesday

L-S OKs change to policy on suspected misconduct, dishonesty

BYLINE: James Buescher, Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 395  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Correspondent

Six months after members of the Lampeter-Strasburg school board voted to approve
a change in its policy on suspected misconduct and dishonesty, lawyers for the
school district have finalized the language.

Now, according to Lampeter-Strasburg School District Superintendent Robert
Frick, the change in wording has been approved "but pretty much says the same
thing."

"The code of ethical conduct and suspected misconduct and dishonesty were
recommendations from our (Lancaster-based) auditing firm, Trout, Ebersole &
Groff," Frick said in a Dec. 30 e-mail.

"By the school board passing this ... we are simply providing another check and
balance against possible fraud or other financial misconduct," he said.

Though the school district's official policy on suspected misconduct and
dishonesty covers areas like fraud, the misappropriation of assets, forgery and
the responsibility to conduct follow-up investigations, the recent policy change
has to do with a statement surrounding an employee's acknowledgment of receiving
the policy.

Previously, by signing the policy, an employee stated they had read and
understood their responsibilities related to the prevention, detection and
reporting of suspected misconduct.

Also, the signature stated that an employee was "not aware of any activity that
would require disclosure".

However, under the policy change approved by the school board in December, an
employee's signature now means that they have only "received the policy".

This change, he said in a follow-up phone conversation Jan. 8, is intended to
remind every employee that he/she has a responsibility to report anything that
could be inappropriate behavior by another employee.

"But basically," he said, "it's just a ... slight change in language."

In other news from L-S, school board members have re-elected school board member
James Byrnes as president and Richard Graff as vice president; both men will
serve one-year terms in the post until the school board's next reorganization
meeting in early December.

Byrnes also was chosen to continue serving as the school district's official
representative to the Lancaster County Career & Technology Center.

Currently, according to Frick, L-S sends about 40 of its students each year to
learn a variety of professions and trades.

"Though it's my understanding that most of the students we send are seniors," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 15, 2005 Saturday

Officer asks judge to dismiss 28 charges

BYLINE: Steve Fry Capital-Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 529 words


By Steve Fry

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

The defense attorney for Topeka police officer Bruce Voigt says 28 of the 144
charges against his client should be dismissed because they duplicate other
charges and constitute double jeopardy.

In a motion filed Friday in Shawnee County District Court, defense attorney Tom
Lemon contended 28 charges of official misconduct should be dismissed because
Voigt also is charged with 28 counts of making false information for the same
conduct.

"Both charges would punish Bruce Voigt twice for the same act and would result
in a violation of the double jeopardy clause of the Fifth Amendment," Lemon
wrote in a motion seeking dismissal of the official misconduct charges.

The misconduct and false information charges are linked to incidents from
January 2000 to March 2004, when prosecutors allege Voigt destroyed, tampered
with or concealed evidence of a crime and made false information on Topeka
police official investigative records. Official misconduct and making false
information are felonies.

In a second motion, Lemon urged Shawnee County District Court Chief Judge
Richard Anderson to divide the 144 charges into five groups for trials:

n Twenty-eight counts of making false information or 28 counts of official
misconduct.

n A charge of perjury tied to an affidavit sought for a search warrant.

n One charge of obstructing the legal process or official duty in a felony case,
one charge of presenting a false claim for between $500 and $25,000, and 69
counts of misdemeanor theft, all tied to gambling.

n Two counts of perjury and one count of dissemination of a criminal history
record, all tied to the criminal history charge.

n And 13 misdemeanor counts of promoting obscenity, which are tied to forensic
analysis of Voigt's police department computer showing e-mail traffic between
him and a woman. A law enforcement officer described the e-mails as having
"graphic and specific descriptions of sexual acts."

If all the charges were tried at once, Voigt would be "unduly prejudiced since
the five types of charges will undoubtedly be jumbled at trial, which will
prevent the defendant from receiving a fair trial on each of the counts against
him," Lemon wrote.

Earlier this week, District Attorney Robert Hecht told Anderson in a court
filing that prosecutors didn't give any grants of immunity to former officer
Thomas Pfortmiller in return for providing information about alleged criminal
activity by Voigt, "although he did provide such information," Hecht wrote.
Hecht's answer to Voigt's request for information about any agreement between
Pfortmiller and prosecutors was filed Wednesday.

Pfortmiller, who was convicted of 50 charges and sentenced to 16 months of
imprisonment, had been Voigt's partner when the two were Topeka police narcotics
investigators.

Voigt, 41, an 18-year veteran of the police department, is on administrative
leave with pay. He is free on bond and is to appear in district court on Oct.
27.

Steve Fry can be reached

at (785) 295-1206 or steve.fry@cjonline.com.

Please see OFFICER, Page 5A

Continued from Page 1A

Officer: D.A. says

no deal

was cut

Thomas Pfortmiller

helped district attorney

Bruce Voigt

faces 144 criminal counts

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The Topeka Capital-Journal

                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 11, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

National Guard troubles raise doubts on readiness

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 726 words

Today's debate: National Guard

Our view: Pentagon could clean up the problems by exposing them.

Thousands of National Guard troops are patrolling Bosnia, Iraq and Central Asia
today, and not just for show. Increasingly the Pentagon has spliced Guard units
extensively into operational planning. But whether the Guard is up to the task
increasingly seems in doubt.


In December, USA TODAY reporters David Moniz and Jim Drinkard revealed that the
Guard was beset with leadership problems that could undermine its mission. Among
them: "phantom soldiers" used to make undermanned military units seem ready for
action, and a propensity of top Guard generals to run afoul of military rules.

Last week, more indications of unacceptable behavior emerged. Pentagon documents
acquired under the Freedom of Information Act showed that four top Guard leaders
had been accused of serious misconduct. The range of offenses varied. One
general carried on a five-year affair with an enlisted soldier. Another misused
funds to buy gifts for other officers. Neither is life-threatening behavior, but
both indicate a lack of the discipline needed in wartime. That makes at least 73
Guard generals who committed misconduct -- including many more serious offenses
-- during the past five years, according to Pentagon investigations.

The Guard has a straightforward problem that the military might handle in a
straightforward way. Only it can't. Because Guard units are essentially state
militias, only governors can discipline or remove officers.

This odd arrangement, which is embedded in the Constitution, isn't likely to
change, but the Pentagon exhibits little interest in flexing the muscle it has,
which is considerable. Simply exposing problems it knows about would generate
action. Instead, the Pentagon has responded to congressional inquiries with
bland reassurances.

 * Phantom personnel. In response to accusations that up to 20% of the military
personnel in some units don't show up for training and probably wouldn't be
ready to respond if called, Pentagon readiness chief David Chu minimizes the
problem by saying that the "phantom soldiers" amount to only 3% of the total
force. But overall statistics are less important than the readiness of
individual units that could be mobilized. Even the Pentagon's own numbers show
that some states' guards have 50%-100% more phantom soldiers than the national
average.

 * Official misconduct. The Army branch of the Guard is still trying to hide
verified reports of misconduct by some states' top National Guard leaders. Under
the Freedom of Information Act, USA TODAY obtained summaries of internal
investigations, but the Army refuses to release the generals' names or even say
where they command, whether they're still in charge or whether they were
punished. Without such information, the good Guardsmen -- of whom there are many
-- are tarred along with the bad.

Pentagon spokesmen say privacy laws protect the information, even though the Air
Force releases it and courts repeatedly have ruled that official misconduct
nullifies expectations of privacy. Meanwhile, the politically powerful Guard
seems to want only to paper over the problem.

Certainly the situation is embarrassing. Let's hope it is not typical. But no
one can know for sure because a misguided eagerness for secrecy is protecting
inept, unprincipled or dangerously inefficient leaders at the expense of
military readiness.

Finding a solution begins with exposing the problem.

Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld should open the Pentagon files on Guard
discipline and readiness. Leaders culpable in instances of perjury, rape and
embezzlement of taxpayer funds deserve no protection. Those who rely on the
Guard do -- at home and on the frontlines.

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Guard provides critical troops

In wartime, National Guard soldiers are a key part of U.S. military strength.

Number of Guard soldiers mobilized for:

War on terror: 53,836 (1)

Gulf War: 75,478

What they are doing:

On duty for in-state homeland defense: 3,149

Guarding airports: 6,357

Supporting national defense: 44,330

1 - Does not include 9,300 involved in pre-Sept. 11 military missions such as
those in Iraq, Bosnia and Egypt.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Quin Tian, USA TODAY, Source: National Guard Bureau (BAR
GRAPH)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               THE LAWYERS WEEKLY

                                February 4, 2000

Tainted

SECTION: Vol. 19, No. 36

LENGTH: 47 words


The Los Angeles County district attorney's office is seeking to overturn 10 more
criminal convictions tainted by police misconduct. This move will nearly double
the number of cases thrown out as a result of the ongoing corruption scandal in
the LA force's Rampart Division.


LOAD-DATE: February 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright © 2002 LexisNexis Canada Inc.

                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 29, 2008 Saturday

BRIEF: Bus driver fired for alleged misconduct

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 201 words


Mar. 29--TRAVERSE CITY -- A school bus driver for Traverse City Area Public
Schools has been fired for alleged misconduct.

The decision to terminate Doug Carpenter, a four-year TCAPS driver, came Friday
after an internal investigation found he had "inappropriate physical contact
with a student," said Cindy Berck, the district's director of human resources.

Carpenter has not driven his route at Central Grade School since administrators
learned of the allegations Thursday, Berck said.

A tape that allegedly captured the misconduct has surfaced, but Berck declined
to elaborate on the allegations. She did say that law enforcement is involved.

Complaints were filed against Carpenter last fall, she said, but this is the
first that was substantiated.

Carpenter declined to comment.

To see more of The Record-Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.record-eagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Record-Eagle, Traverse
City, Mich. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080329-ZK-BRF-Bus-driver-fired-for-alleged-misconduct-0329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                                 Copyright 2008

                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Oakland police sex scandal: Fifth officer put on leave

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 271 words


OAKLAND -- A fifth Oakland police officer has been placed on administrative
leave, officials said Sunday, as a sexual misconduct scandal involving officers
and a teenage girl continues to grow.

The department did not name the officer, but it comes days after police Chief
Sean Whent left the department. Sources said Whent's departure on Thursday was
at the behest of the federal monitor overseeing the department. A total of five
officers have been placed on paid administrative leave, two of whom have since
resigned from the force.

"The Oakland Police Department can confirm that another officer has been placed
on administrative leave as part of our ongoing investigation into the alleged
sexual misconduct case involving Oakland police officers," according to a Police
Department statement. "The Internal Affairs Division will continue to
investigate all of the misconduct allegations."

In an interview Saturday, Celeste Guap, the woman at the center of the police
sexual misconduct scandal, said she has had sex with 14 Oakland officers,
including three when she was underage; that two officers provided her with
confidential police information, including tips on scheduled anti-prostitution
stings; and that a retired OPD captain in his 80s paid $250 to have sex with her
in a dingy San Pablo Avenue motel.

Guap, an exploited minor caught up in sex work, said she also had sex after she
turned 18 in August with officers from the Richmond Police Department, the
Alameda County Sheriff's Office as well as a Livermore police officer and a law
enforcement worker based in Stockton. This newspaper is not using Guap's real
name.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland
Police Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015.
(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Oakland police sex scandal: Fifth officer put on leave

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 271 words


OAKLAND -- A fifth Oakland police officer has been placed on administrative
leave, officials said Sunday, as a sexual misconduct scandal involving officers
and a teenage girl continues to grow.

The department did not name the officer, but it comes days after police Chief
Sean Whent left the department. Sources said Whent's departure on Thursday was
at the behest of the federal monitor overseeing the department. A total of five
officers have been placed on paid administrative leave, two of whom have since
resigned from the force.

"The Oakland Police Department can confirm that another officer has been placed
on administrative leave as part of our ongoing investigation into the alleged
sexual misconduct case involving Oakland police officers," according to a Police
Department statement. "The Internal Affairs Division will continue to
investigate all of the misconduct allegations."

In an interview Saturday, Celeste Guap, the woman at the center of the police
sexual misconduct scandal, said she has had sex with 14 Oakland officers,
including three when she was underage; that two officers provided her with
confidential police information, including tips on scheduled anti-prostitution
stings; and that a retired OPD captain in his 80s paid $250 to have sex with her
in a dingy San Pablo Avenue motel.

Guap, an exploited minor caught up in sex work, said she also had sex after she
turned 18 in August with officers from the Richmond Police Department, the
Alameda County Sheriff's Office as well as a Livermore police officer and a law
enforcement worker based in Stockton. This newspaper is not using Guap's real
name.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland
Police Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015.
(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Missing element;
Restoring confidence in police starts with accurately tracking the use of force

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 638 words


Data is all but absent as federal officials try to determine how big a problem
exists in police contacts with citizens, especially minority citizens. This is
an obstacle, because if you can't measure it, you can't adjust it.

Almost everyone except bad cops would agree that some kind of issue exists. From
Cleveland to North Charleston, S.C., to Staten Island to Arlington, Texas, and
Ferguson, Mo., police have been involved in fatal confrontations with
African-American men.

The question is: Are such incidents rarities that require only better training
and management, or are they evidence of a more deep-seated problem that demands
a change in culture? Without the numbers, it's almost impossible to know.

The matter is urgent, because reports of apparent police misconduct are
dominating the public discussion, and inevitably give weight to the idea that
police departments are populated by cowboys who don't feel the need to follow
anybody's rules. It surely isn't true, but as the omnipresence of video cameras
documents growing instances of misconduct, it is important to understand as best
as possible what the prevailing cultures are within the nation's police
departments.

Start with this thought: No one disputes that police departments are necessary
to the safety and security of the municipalities they serve. At the same time,
though, they are government programs and of a sort that is more intrusive -
again, necessarily - than virtually any other. Government programs of all kinds
demand oversight.

They are also labyrinthine and secretive bureaucracies. Their members, whose
work always contains elements of danger, share a bond that is brotherly and
protective, sometimes even of members whose actions focus suspicion on entire
organizations. That's dangerous.

Effective policing requires the trust of the community, but repeated reports of
police misconduct - from seizing citizens' cellphone cameras to shootings -
cannot help but undermine that respect. That hurts police as well as the people
they are sworn to protect.The answer is transparency, and that begins with
accurate reports of police use of force. But as the New York Times reported in a
story carried by The Buffalo News, those reports are scattershot, inconsistent
and beyond the easy grasp of the federal government. Given the breadth of
instances of questionable use of force, a national approach to the problem is
the only one that makes sense.As the story reported, the Justice Department
queried police departments in 2013 about how often officers used force. The
responses were all but worthless. Nearly all departments said they kept track of
shootings, but regarding other uses of force, the figures were incompatible.For
example, some departments included instances in which officers punched suspects
or threw them to the ground; others did not. Some tallied the uses of other
weapons such as beanbag guns; others did not. And some, including New York
City's, said they did not know how many times their officers had used force or
simply refused to say. Some flatly acknowledged they were fearful the Justice
Department would use the data to vilify them - but vilify them for what?

Altogether, that makes meaningful analysis impossible, and without analysis, the
opportunity to improve policing, and relations within communities, is all but
impossible.

That needs to change, and while Washington has little power to compel consistent
and broad-based record keeping, it can induce it through the offer of grants for
specific law enforcement purposes.

It would be a worthwhile expense. Better policing could reduce costs associated
with misconduct while producing safer and more secure communities where officers
have the cooperation of citizens and citizens don't have to worry about the
misuse of force. There is nothing to lose and much to gain.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Attorney Zulu Ali will Moderate Conference on Police and Prosecutor Misconduct

LENGTH: 256  words


(PRWeb) - The American Committee on United Nations Oversight, a civil rights and
advocacy organization that has launched a campaign to encourage the United
Nations involvement in the crisis of current police brutality around the
country, today announced that it will host an April 11 conference, moderated by
Attorney Zulu Ali, a trial lawyer, former police officer and U.S. Marine Corps
veteran, to discuss police and prosecutor accountability and to address the
current police abuse and prosecutor misconduct crisis.


A panel will discuss the history and current state of police and prosecutor
misconduct around the country and potential solutions to address the problems;
including, community interaction and United Nations involvement oversight.
Panel of Speakers for the meeting are
Dr. E.M. Abdulmumin, a Clinical Psychologist and Director of the Dubois
Institute in Riverside, Ca.;
Aquil Basheer, Activist, Author, and Executive Director of Maximum Force
Enterprise;
Attorney Reginald Taylor, Trial Lawyer, Law Offices of Reginald Taylor;
Attorney Maleha Khan-Avila, Trial Lawyer, Law Offices of Zulu Ali; and
Michael Clark, Activist and Executive Director of Motivateum Inc.
The conference will be open to the public and held on April 11, 2015 at 2:00 p.m
in the Banquet Room BCD at Double Tree Hotel located at 120 South Los Angeles
Street, Los Angeles, CA 90012.
Call 951-782-8722 for more information.
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com
/releases/2015/03/prweb12557813.htm 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 19, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

'Waiting period' laws feed suspicions about police

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 528 words


Getting the facts fast is the essence of good police work. That's why officers
rush to interview victims, witnesses and potential suspects quickly after a
crime occurs.

But when a law enforcement officer is involved in alleged brutality or use of
deadly force, investigations can be impeded by a special "bill of rights" for
cops.

State laws and police union contracts across the country grant officers waiting
periods of up to 10 days when they can refuse to be interrogated. The laws are
supposed to give officers a chance to "cool off" and find lawyers. Never mind
that in many cities, police union lawyers are on speed-dial. Or that the Bill of
Rights already gives all citizens -- including law enforcement officers -- the
right to refuse to answer questions in criminal investigations. Or that
private-sector workers can generally be fired for refusing to answer questions
about alleged misconduct.

Many officers are granted this extra layer of protection during administrative
investigations, which is how most police misconduct allegations are handled.
Skeptics view the delays as time for officers to tailor their stories. Even
officers who want to give an honest account could be influenced by news reports,
witness testimonies, talks with their colleagues or their own changing
perceptions.

If anything has become clear in recent months, it's that gathering facts quickly
helps keep the peace after a police-involved killing. Special "waiting periods"
for officers do just the opposite, feeding the perception that police are immune
from sanctions.

Fourteen states have  laws granting law enforcement officers special rights,
according to the Marshall Project, a non-profit news organization. In many other
jurisdictions, the protections are part of union contracts.

The laws differ in details, as do the waiting periods. Some confer other
privileges, including mandates that police be questioned "at a reasonable hour,"
or have access to the names of complainants, their testimony and all other
evidence before answering questions. Citizens get no such privileges when
questioned by police.

A community usually becomes aware of the dichotomy only after a controversial
shooting, adding to the public outrage.

Just about every independent source reviewing the privileges has called for
their elimination.

In Portland, Ore., for example, a two-day waiting period  came under fire after
a string of controversial police shootings. A 2012 Justice Department review
pointed to the obvious inequity: "If a civilian is involved at the scene of a
potential crime, it is difficult to conceive" of Portland police waiting 48
hours "before asking him or her questions about the incident."

In Maryland, months before Freddie Gray's death in police custody in April led
to riots, Baltimore's mayor and other officials lobbied to amend the state's
expansive police bill of rights. But the law has powerful support from pro-union
Democrats and law-and-order Republicans.

No one argues that officers should have fewer rights than other citizens. But
police should not enjoy extra rights that impede investigations when they are
accused of violating the laws they are sworn to uphold.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     March 21, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. Army captain jailed in sexual misconduct case

BYLINE: NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NEWS; WORLD NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 99 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


An army captain who was the highest-ranking defendant in a probe of sexual
misconduct at the Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland was ordered to serve four
months in prison and dismissed from the military after he pleaded guilty
Thursday to adultery and sodomy.

In exchange for the guilty plea from the soldier, Captain Derrick Robertson,
military prosecutors dropped more serious charges of rape and indecent assault,
which could have brought a life sentence. He is one of eight instructors at
Aberdeen to face criminal charges as a result of the sexual-abuse probe at the
vast base.


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Fan Feedback

SECTION: Pg. C7

LENGTH: 1067 words


Assertiveness worked for UMaine hockey

I am an avid University of Maine hockey fan. I remember the day that if the
hockey team was behind and the goalie wasn't up to par Shawn Walsh would pull
him and put another goalie in.

Tim Whitehead has a very different coaching style than the late Walsh. Walsh was
assertive and made a change if things weren't going his way. Maybe for all of us
that remember the great UMaine hockey days that is all it will ever be - a
memory.

Kristi Skipper

Bangor


'Misconduct' is wrong term in Bangor AD case

In regard to the article (BDN, April 15) on the reinstatement of Bangor High
School Athletic Director Steve Vanidestine, District Attorney Christopher Almy
is quoted as stating "Mr. Vanidestine's misconduct here is being carefully
evaluated..." I hope that Mr. Almy misspoke. Had the word "alleged" been said
before misconduct or simply stating conduct then there would be no issue here.

By using the word "misconduct" the implication is that there was wrongdoing
committed. As Mr. Vanidestine was performing his work duties I will quote from
Maine Employment Security Law which defines misconduct as "a culpable breach of
the employee's duties or obligations to the employer or a pattern of
irresponsible behavior...."

Additionally, there was an article (BDN, April 14) which detailed a $2.9 million
settlement from the local school district to a player from Arizona after he was
paralyzed when he was trampled when fans rushed the court following a basketball
game two years ago.

Had Mr. Vanidestine not taken action when the floor was rushed, and in so doing
perhaps preventing a similar injury, would we now be investigating that
misconduct also?

I have had three children graduate from Bangor High in the last six years. I
also attend several games in a variety of sports every year. All students and
other fans know they are not to rush the court or any other playing field upon
the immediate end of a sporting event. There is ample opportunity to
congratulate players later after the playing field or gym floor is clear.

I was not at the game in question so I cannot determine what exactly occurred.
What I do know is that Mr. Vanidestine has committed his heart and soul to
Bangor High for over 25 years and that he always gave my children and all other
students the same respect they gave him.

Michael T. Brooker

Bangor


Thanks for memories

I would like to thank the film crew of MVP and the Baxter family of
PAGEmployment and Seaboard Security for putting Bangor Youth Hockey on
television.

We received the most amazing DVDs that hold a piece of time for family and
friends to watch for years. Their passion for preserving memories of our
children is priceless.

Aaron O'Donnell

Bangor Youth Hockey

Red Squirts coach


Yankees' Damon is dazed and confused

After reading Gary Thorne's column (BDN, April 14) on Johnny Damon's confusion
about why he wasn't re-signed by the Red Sox, I have to wonder if some pro
athletes aren't out of touch with reality. The Red Sox offered Damon, a
32-year-old player with significant wear and tear, $40 million over four years.
That's good money. And what, exactly, does Damon not understand about the fact
Coco Crisp will soon be the best center fielder in baseball?

A recent over-the-shoulder, leaping catch perfectly illustrates how Crisp is a
demonstrably superior defender. He will likely surpass Damon as an offensive
force within two years and still be only 28. Red Sox management would have been
out of their collective minds not to want to sign Crisp.

Damon was one of the very best leadoff men in the game, but his best days are
behind him. Why should the Red Sox take a chance on a long-term deal,
particularly when they've been burned by players who either lose their skills or
their minds, like Jose Offerman and Manny Ramirez? (And does anybody else think
it's really cheesy that David Wells, while under contract for $2.5 million a
year to the Sox, was telling Damon how great it was to play for the Yankees?)

In spite of what Damon may believe, life was pretty good for him while he played
for the Red Sox. He got to wear his hair like a caveman, became one of the most
recognizable faces (even though you couldn't see that much of it) in America and
even around the world, made tens of millions, was part of the greatest pro
sports comeback of all time, and after all that signed a $52 million, four-year
contract with the Yankees. Is there a problem here? When do we get to the part
where Damon is treated badly?

What Johnny Damon doesn't seem to realize is that playing for the Sox gave him a
springboard to a more lucrative contract with another team. And even if the Sox
had offered him everything he wanted again, he probably would have still found
something to be unhappy about - like the departure of many of his old mates,
such as Kevin Millar.

Perhaps with a little homework, Johnny Damon would have discovered that the Red
Sox are notoriously unsentimental. Over the past three decades, the list of
Boston homegrown players snubbed by Sox management, one way or another, includes
stars like Dwight Evans, Ellis Burks, Mo Vaughn, Roger Clemens, Wade Boggs, and
Carlton Fisk. And these players all spent a decade or two in the Red Sox
organization.

Only one Red Sox player I can think of - Carl Yastrzemski - got the parade, the
gold watch, and the storybook ending. Other than that, the Sox have had one, and
only one, priority - beating the Yankees. So would Johnny Damon, who was only in
Boston for four years, please stop telling us how his feelings are hurt. The
Boston Red Sox have the second highest payroll in baseball. It's difficult for
Damon to make the argument that they're cheap.

When the Yankees come to town, Damon should get a nice ovation because he
deserves it. The Sox wouldn't have won the championship in 2004 without him. But
time marches on, Johnny Damon has been replaced, and without him the Red Sox
started the 2006 season at 10-4. That's the hard, cold reality of pro sports and
life: Anyone in any job can be replaced. Perhaps one day Damon will understand
that. Let's hope so.

David D. Wilson

Levant


Note to readers: The BDN reserves the right to edit submissions for libel,
taste, clarity, and to fit available space. Letters should include a signature,
full name, address, and daytime phone number. Letters may be mailed to: P.O. Box
1329, Bangor, ME 04402, or e-mailed: bdnsports@bangordailynews.net

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News

                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            November 28, 2011 Monday

Class counsel's misconduct may preclude certification, rules 7th Circuit

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 302  words


A defendant sued for sending unsolicited fax advertisements did not have show
"egregious" misconduct by plaintiffs' counsel in order to block class
certification, the 7th Circuit has ruled in reversing judgment.

The defendant was sued for sending junk faxes in violation of the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act. In opposing class certification, the defendant alleged
that the plaintiffs' lawyers had engaged in misconduct by using deception to
obtain confidential information about alleged TCPA violations, and by misleading
the lead plaintiff into thinking it was joining an ongoing case.

The district court certified the class, determining that the defendant needed to
show "egregious" misconduct on the part of class counsel, and that the
defendant's allegations failed to meet that standard.

But the 7th Circuit decided that the district court had placed too high a burden
on the defendant.

"To suggest as the district court did that 'only the most egregious misconduct'
by class counsel should require denial of class certification on grounds of lack
of adequate representation was bad enough. To rule that only the most egregious
misconduct 'could ever arguably justify denial of class status,' as the court
went on to hold, would if taken literally condone, and by condoning invite,
unethical conduct. Misconduct by class counsel that creates a serious doubt that
counsel will represent the class loyally requires denial of class
certification," the court said.

It remanded the case for the district court to apply the "class loyalty"
standard in determining whether plaintiffs' counsel had engaged in misconduct
that would justify the denial of class certification.

U.S. Court of Appeals, 7th Circuit. Creative Montessori Learning Centers v.
Ashford Gear LLC, No. 11-8020. Nov. 22, 2011. Lawyers USA No. 993-3371.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   January 13, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Misconduct Cited in Internal Affairs Transfer

Arthur Santana, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 485 words



A 15-year D.C. police veteran who was instrumental in the undercover
investigation of Andrew James McGill Jr.--the officer accused of decade-long
involvement in a drug trafficking ring--was transferred out of the internal
affairs unit this week because of a misconduct charge, police said.

Detective Joseph Twiggs, 37, was moved out of the unit, which polices the
conduct of other officers, and transferred to the 6th Police District on Monday
in what was called a "lateral move" by Executive Assistant Chief Terrance W.
Gainer.

Twiggs was transferred again yesterday, to the 2nd Police District, after saying
he felt uncomfortable in the 6th District and would be more effective in the 2nd
District, Gainer said.

"Given the fact that he had worked against several officers in the department,
he requested 2D," Gainer said. "We wanted to accommodate his concerns."

Because Twiggs's misconduct was unrelated to the drug investigation, the case
against McGill has not been compromised, Gainer said. "Nothing he has done . . .
undermines his integrity," Gainer said.

Gainer also pointed out that the investigation was not conducted solely by D.C.
police. Several federal agencies also were involved, including the Drug
Enforcement Administration, the FBI and the Maryland U.S. attorney's office.
McGill was indicted in the case by a federal grand jury in Greenbelt.

Gainer would not say what the alleged misconduct was and said the matter was all
but resolved with the transfer. Although Twiggs's actions were substantiated, he
was not disciplined, Gainer said. "We know what we know, and we did what we had
to do," Gainer said.

According to court records and law enforcement officials, McGill, 29, was part
of a drug network that trafficked in heroin, cocaine and marijuana for more than
a decade. His involvement allegedly began when he was at the police academy and
evolved over a 10-year career that included a stint as a narcotics investigator.

Because of the sensitive nature of the investigation, which is continuing, many
of the records in the case are sealed in U.S. District Court in Greenbelt.
McGill was arrested Jan. 6 on federal charges of trafficking cocaine beginning
in 1989.

Twiggs's alleged misconduct was brought to Gainer's attention about two weeks
ago by the director of the office of professional responsibility, Inspector
Dwight Williams. After a preliminary investigation, Gainer decided to have
Twiggs moved.

Twiggs, who had "direct involvement" in the McGill case, will now investigate
violent crimes in the 2nd District, Gainer said. Lt. Joseph Trippi, who heads
violent crime investigations in the 2nd District, said he had not seen Twiggs
yesterday.

"He's [Twiggs] a seasoned investigator who has a very good reputation in the
department," Gainer said.

The transferred detective was involved in the probe of Officer Andrew James
McGill Jr.


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post

                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 19, 1991, Friday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Investigating Scientific Misconduct

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A20; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 397 words


The Post's June 29 editorial "Science Cops" contains a number of misleading
statements regarding the National Institutes of Health's procedures for dealing
with scientific misconduct.

First, contrary to the impression created by the editorial, no scientist may be
debarred from receiving federal research funds. Nor may such funding be
suspended or terminated without that scientist having the opportunity to request
a full hearing before an impartial hearing officer, the right to be represented
by counsel, to present evidence and to cross-examine witnesses.

Second, in referring to the comments of a U.S. District Court judge on NIH's
procedures, The Post fails to note that the judge found those procedures to
satisfy fully constitutional requirements for due process. The procedures
provide the subject of an investigation with reasonable access to any research
data in dispute, an opportunity to provide testimony and evidence, to review and
correct transcripts of his or her testimony, to have the advice of counsel
during interviews and to review and comment on a draft of the investigative
report and findings.

Third, the editorial also overlooks the fact that under current procedures,
while NIH is responsible for conducting or overseeing investigations of alleged
scientific misconduct, findings as to whether the misconduct occurred as well as
recommendations regarding sanctions are independently reviewed by the higher
Office of Scientific Integrity Review. Further, findings and recommendations
must finally be approved by the head of the Public Health Service, the assistant
secretary for health.

In questioning the reliance by NIH on the academic community to investigate
allegations of misconduct, The Post fails to note that such reliance is mandated
by Public Law 99-158. This law places responsibility on recipients of NIH
funding to carry out misconduct investigations under standards that comply with
regulations (unmentioned by The Post) adopted in 1989 after full opportunity for
public comments. Therefore, the vast majority of scientific misconduct
investigations involving Public Health Service funds are conducted by the
institution at which the misconduct allegedly occurred, rather than by OSI. LYLE
W. BIVENS Director, Office of Scientific Integrity Review U.S. Public Health
Service Department of Health and Human Services Washington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

CORRECTION-DATE: July 20, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: There was an editing error in the July 19 letter "Investigating
Scientific Misconduct." The letter, from Lyle Bivens, should have read: "First,
contrary to the impression created by the editorial, no scientist may be
debarred from receiving federal research funds, nor may such funding be
suspended or terminated, without that scientist having the opportunity to
request a full hearing before an impartial hearing officer, the right to be
represented by counsel, to present evidence and to cross-examine witnesses."

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

NBA isn't game for bad behavior;
Rough fouls, criticism of refs not tolerated

BYLINE: Roscoe Nance

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 353 words


The message, the NBA says, is clear in issues of misconduct or criticism of game
officials -- offenders will be punished.

Now it is up to players and coaches to adjust because, "If they haven't (gotten
the message), they will," says Stu Jackson, NBA senior vice president of
basketball operations.

The NBA has handed out four suspensions for player misconduct in the postseason
compared with one last year, including a one-game suspension Wednesday of the
Phoenix Suns' Raja Bell for clotheslining Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Bell will sit out tonight's Game 6 of the Western Conference series and lose
about $47,000 in salary.

Players have been whistled for 14 flagrant fouls, and the first round isn't
finished. The Dallas Mavericks' Dirk Nowitzki was fined $15,000 Wednesday for
his hard foul Monday on the Memphis Grizzlies' Pau Gasol. Last year the first
round yielded 10 flagrant calls.

"There have been more games, and series are more competitive," Jackson says.
"When that happens, play gets more aggressive and more intense, and at times
players go over the line. When they do, we'll address it."

Antonio Davis, president of the players union, takes exception to the suspension
rate.

"I don't think I've ever seen a playoff year when so many guys have gotten
suspended," he says. "It seems to be such a quick trigger. It's the playoffs.
Everything is turned up a little bit. There is going to be more jawing towards
the officials, more anger, more everything. It's always been that way."

Not anymore, and that's not the only change.

The league has also fined Shaquille O'Neal $25,000 and Jermaine O'Neal $15,000
for criticizing referees.

Criticizing officials has been standard postseason fare as players and coaches
lobbied for calls in postgame interviews.

"We realize in years past there was some level of gamesmanship between coaches
and players in the media," Jackson says. "Going forward, we're not going to
tolerate it.

"The NBA is not any different than any other business. It doesn't make business
sense that employees of an organization publicly disparage the product that they
make. We're no different."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Deirdre Hamill, The Arizona Republic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Trump campaign rocked by new allegations of sexual misconduct

LENGTH: 957 words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Oct. 15 -- Donald Trump's fragile campaign has been hit by fresh
allegations of inappropriate behaviour with two more women alleging that he made
unwanted sexual advances and groped them, even as the Republican presidential
candidate dismissed it as "lies" and a media plot against him.

Joining the increasing list of women accusing Trump of sexual misconduct, Summer
Zervos, a former contestant of the reality TV show "The Apprentice", alleged
that the Republican presidential candidate made unwanted sexual advances and
groped her in 2007.

"Lies, lies, lies," Trump asserted at a rally last night in Greensboro, North
Carolina, referring to sexual misconduct allegations reported by the New York
Times and other media.

Trump also hit out at Jessica Leeds, who told The New York Times that he groped
and kissed her as they sat next to each other on a plane in the 1980s.

"Believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you," Trump said.

At a news conference in Los Angeles, Zervos alleged that the incident took place
after she was eliminated from "The Apprentice" show Season 5 and approached
Trump for work at one of his golf courses.

Zervos alleged that after an initial uncomfortable meeting in which he kissed
her, Trump called Zervos when he came to Los Angeles and asked her to meet him
at a Beverly Hills Hotel, besides enquiring where she would like to have dinner.

Zervos alleged that it was then that Trump made unwanted sexual advances at her
and groped her.

However, John Berry, a first cousin of Zervos said that the press conference by
her was a publicity stunt as all these years she said nothing but praised Trump.

In a report published yesterday, Kristin Anderson told The Washington Post that
Trump had groped her at a New York night spot in the early 1990s.

Trump appeared to reference the allegation at the North Carolina rally, saying,
"One came out recently where I was sitting alone in some club. I really don't
sit alone that much. Honestly, folks, I don't think I sit alone." However, the
Post said Anderson never said that Trump was alone.

Trump also denied the allegations made by Zervos, saying, "I vaguely remember
Ms. Zervos as one of the many contestants on The Apprentice over the years. To
be clear, I never met her at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately a decade
ago."

"That is not who I am as a person, and it is not how I've conducted my life. In
fact, Ms. Zervos continued to contact me for help, emailing my office on April
14th of this year asking that I visit her restaurant in California," Trump said.

The accusation against Trump comes just days after at least five women accused
him of sexual assault and harassment, threatening the controversial Republican
presidential nominee's already fragile campaign that was rocked by the surfacing
of a video in which he is seen making lewd remarks about women.

Trump also slammed the media, saying, "The corrupt media is trying to do
everything in their power to stop our movement.

The 70-year-old real estate tycoon has also been claiming

that the media and a "global elite" are working against him.

"Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the
destruction of US sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers,
her special interest friends and her donors," Trump told supporters in Florida.

In reference to Clinton's accusation that Trump was "stalking" her during last
Sunday's debate, the bombastic Republican told his supporters that he was not
impressed when she had simply walked in front of him.

"Let me tell you something about Hillary Clinton. She's got nothing going, she's
got nothing. The only thing she's got going is the media. She's got nothing,"
Trump told his supporters at an election rally in North Carolina yesterday.

"The other day I'm standing, I told you this. But I'm standing at my podium and
she walks in front of me, right? She walks in front of me, you know? And when
she walked in front of me, believe me I wasn't impressed," he said.

The second presidential debate on October 10 turned nasty from the start.
Clinton did not shake hands with the 70-year-old Trump as the two rivals walked
on the stage at the Washington University here, a clear sign of the escalated
rivalry between them, before proceeding for the fiery 90- minute clash attacking
each other's character.

Meanwhile, Obama, while campaigning for Clinton in Cleveland, warned that much
is at stake in the election.

He hit out at Trump as a dictator-in-the-making.

"Tolerance is on the ballot. All the progress we made in the last eight years is
on the ballot. Democracy itself is on the ballot right now," Obama said.

Trump yesterday also called himself a "victim" as more women continued to come
forward, accusing him of sexual assault and harassment.

"As you have seen, I am a victim of one of the great political smear campaigns
in the history of our country," he said at a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina.

"They are coming after me to try and destroy what is considered by even them the
greatest movement in the history of our country," he said.

Trump's comments came as he once again alleged it is "all false stuff" and there
is a "concerted effort" to take down his campaign, ignoring calls from his
campaign advisers to focus on economic issues rather than responding to the
allegations.

"My people always say, 'Don't talk about it, talk about jobs, talk about the
economy,'" Trump explained to his supporters in Greensboro. "But I feel I have
to talk about it because you have to dispute when somebody says something.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Police-worn body cameras can protect citizens, officers

LENGTH: 337  words


The notion of curbing perceived police misconduct toward the general public has
become increasingly popular in light of recent controversial interactions
between citizens and police officers in Ferguson, Mo., and New York City. These
events have sparked debates relevant to police reforms across the country,
including in Buffalo, where recent claims of excessive police force have been
trending in the news.


While many reforms have been proposed, one that has proven effective in curbing
police misconduct while increasing transparency during interactions between
police and citizens is the utilization of police-worn body cameras. Accordingly,
to protect the citizenry at large and police personnel, the vast majority of
whom are honest and professional, city leaders should direct the Buffalo Police
Department to launch a pilot program for body cameras.
Body cameras generate accountability and transparency for both police and
citizens by creating a digital record of police officer interaction, helping to
clarify discrepancies in reporting of incidents. When the Rialto Police
Department in California adopted body cameras, the number of complaints filed
against officers fell by 88 percent and the use of force by officers fell by
almost 60 percent. The Department of Justice's Community Oriented Policing
Services Office and the Police Executive Research Forum released a report
finding evidence that both officers and civilians acted in a more positive
manner when they were aware that a camera was present.
Clearly, cameras alone will not solve the problem of mistrust between the
community and the police. However, when people trust law enforcement and have
confidence that they will be treated with fairness and respect, cooperation with
law enforcement investigations and therefore public safety should inevitably
increase. City leaders should plan to implement a body camera pilot plan in
order to advance our shared goals of an open, transparent Police Department and
a safer Buffalo. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 23, 2012 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

UN-APPEALING Rape cops in 'absurd' bid to be cleared

BYLINE: BY JANON FISHER NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 283 words


TWO COPS whose acquittal for raping a drunken woman in her East Village
apartment stunned the city have now cooked up an "absurd" argument to overturn
their convictions on lesser charges.

Disgraced ex-officers Franklin Mata and Kenneth Moreno were only convicted of
official misconduct after the Dec. 7, 2008, alleged sex attack.

The cops initially helped the fashion executive into her E. 13th St. apartment -
but then returned three times during the early morning.

The cops admit they were singing Bon Jovi songs, spooning the woman, counseling
her on alcoholism and dozing off on the couch during the nocturnal visits - but
argue in their appeal that the goofing off can't be considered official
misconduct because there was nothing official about it.

And, they argue, the charges should be dropped because they didn't materially
benefit from the shenanigans. "If a DA smokes a cigarette outside the courthouse
while he's on the clock, is he guilty of official misconduct?" asked Mata's
attorney, Edward Mandery.

"If it's not related to your official duties, it's not misconduct. Going to
check up on a woman that is drunk is not part of their job, but it shouldn't
constitute a crime."

But Manhattan Assistant District Attorney Hilary Hassler slammed Mandery's
argument as "absurd."

She said their twisted appeal ignores "the ample proof - including their own
testimony - that defendants returned to the building so that Moreno could pursue
his sexual interest in" the woman.

The woman claimed Moreno raped her while she was passed out, with Mata keeping
watch in the living room.Both officers were cleared of rape during a May 2011
trial, but they were convicted on two counts each of official misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former NYPD officers Franklin Mata (l.) and Kenneth Moreno are looking
to overturn their convictions on charges of official misconduct. MARC A.
HERMANN/DAILY NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.

                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: Employment Law Reporter - March 2016

LENGTH: 860  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    On April 1st, new regulations adopted under the Fair Employment and Housing
Act (FEHA) take effect that require California employers of at least 5
individuals[1] to develop written discrimination, harassment, and retaliation
prevention policies that prohibit misconduct and provide specific mechanisms to
investigate complaints and remediate misconduct.  The obligation to develop such
a prevention policy is in addition to employers' existing obligation to provide
employees with a copy of the DFEH brochure on sexual harassment (DFEH-185).





 To establish the protections provided to employees, prevention policies must
name and extend protection to all categories[2] protected under the FEHA and
provide that the law prohibits coworkers, third parties, managers, and
supervisors from engaging in discrimination, harassment, and retaliation
prohibited under the FEHA.  Protection from misconduct must be provided to
employees, whether full-time, part-time, or temporary, and to interns,
apprentices, volunteers and individuals providing services under a contract.



 The regulations require that policies establish a complaint process that
provides for fair, timely, reasonable and thorough investigations conducted by
qualified personnel, that reach reasonable conclusions based on evidence
collected, and provide all parties with appropriate due process, a term which is
not defined. Policies must provide that confidentiality will be maintained
within the investigation to the extent possible and that investigations will be
documented and tracked for reasonable progress so that timely closures will
result.  As for remediation, policies should provide that if misconduct is
found, appropriate remedial measures will be taken.  Policies must also make
clear that employees will not be exposed to retaliation as a result of lodging a
complaint of misconduct or participating in an investigation.



 Direct communication of a complaint of misconduct must be permitted to other
than an employee's immediate supervisor, by providing as an alternative a
designated company representative like a human resources manager or other
supervisor, a complaint hotline, an ombudsperson, and/or information regarding
access to the Department of Fair Employment and Housing (DFEH) or the U.S. Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission. Further, policies must require supervisors to
report any complaints of misconduct to a designated company representative so
the employer can try to resolve the complaint internally. Employers with more
than 50 employees or contractors are required to instruct their supervisors and
managers of this requirement in mandatory sexually harassment prevention
training held at least once every 2 years.



 Policies may either be distributed and acknowledged in writing by employees or
they can be discussed with new hires or during orientation, or another means of
distribution may be used that ensures employees receive and understand the
policy. Written distribution can be via email with a written acknowledgment
return form or by posting via a company intranet system that tracks employees'
reading and acknowledgment of the policy.  Regardless of the distribution
method, it is recommended that employers obtain employees' written
acknowledgment of the policy.  Including the policy in an employee handbook
would meet requirements, provided written acknowledgment by employees is
obtained.  It should be noted that if more than 10% of the workforce speaks a
language other than English as their spoken language, the policy must be
translated into that language.



 The DFEH can seek non-monetary preventative remedies against employers for
failure to adequately prevent discrimination, harassment, and retaliation
regardless of whether the DFEH proves an underlying claim of the misconduct. As
for private actions, the new regulations do not create a new private right of
action for failure to prevent misconduct, but a plaintiff who prevails on an
underlying claim of discrimination, harassment, or retaliation may also claim a
failure to prevent such misconduct.  Further, employers may want to inform
employees that an employee who engages in unlawful harassment of a co-employee
is personally liable for the harassment, regardless of whether the employer knew
or should have known of the conduct and failed to take corrective action.



 [1] Note that to determine the number of individuals employed, employers must
include apprentices, individuals performing service under a contract, part-time
employees, employees on leave or suspension, and employees located outside
California, although individuals outside California may not be protected by the
policy.



 [2] Including sex, gender, gender identity and expression, age, race, color,
ancestry, physical and/or mental disability, medical condition, genetic
information, national origin, religion, religious creed, sexual orientation,
marital status, military status, and veteran status.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Researcher Fabricated Data in Studies on Women;
Scientist to Enter Plea and Pay Fine in Federal Case

BYLINE: Rob Stein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A10

LENGTH: 570 words


A researcher well known for his studies on women, menopause, aging and body
weight fabricated data for more than a decade, falsified applications for
federal grants and tried to cover up his misconduct, federal officials announced
yesterday.

Eric T. Poehlman, who had been a tenured research professor at the University of
Vermont College of Medicine, has agreed to plead guilty to civil, criminal and
administrative charges and pay $196,000 in fines and attorneys' fees, the
officials said.

Poehlman also has been barred for life from seeking or receiving any federal
funding or participating in federal health programs, and he will issue at least
10 retractions and corrections to papers he published in scientific journals,
officials said.

No one is believed to have been harmed by Poehlman's misconduct, because it
focused on basic physiology, but the case is significant because of the lengthy
misconduct and the prominence of the research, officials said.

"It's probably one of the biggest cases we've had," said Chris Pascal, director
of the Office of Research Integrity (ORI), one of several federal agencies that
investigated the case. "No one was harmed, but this was important research, and
whenever there's a case of this magnitude it does great harm by undermining
public trust."

Authorities began to probe Poehlman's work in 2000 after a research assistant
alerted officials at the University of Vermont. Subsequent investigations were
launched by the U.S. attorney's office for Vermont, the Department of Health and
Human Services, and  ORI.

"[A]cademic researchers will be held fully accountable for fraud and scientific
misconduct," U.S. Attorney David V. Kirby said in a statement. "Dr. Poehlman
fraudulently diverted millions of dollars . . . to support his research
projects. This in turn siphoned millions of dollars from the pool of resources
for valid scientific proposals."

Poehlman was accused of using fraudulent data to apply for about $11.6 million
in federal funding between 1992 and 2002, and he ultimately received about $2.9
million.

The misconduct cited included falsifying data in a 1995 article published in the
Annals of Internal Medicine from the Longitudinal Menopause Study, which was
supposed to test 35 healthy women for metabolic changes over time; lying about
the number of subjects he tested in another study, the Longitudinal Study of
Aging; destroying electronic evidence of his falsifications and fabrications and
lying to investigators.

Poehlman faces up to five years in prison on a criminal charge of making false
statements in a grant application in April 1999, but the government "has agreed
to take no position" on Poehlman's request for a more lenient sentence "based on
his cooperation with authorities and his acceptance of responsibility," the
statement said.

Poehlman, who also worked at the University of Maryland at Baltimore from 1993
to 1996, left the University of Vermont in 2001 to work at the University of
Montreal. He resigned that post in January, officials said. Neither Poehlman nor
his attorney could be reached yesterday for comment.

Judy Salerno, deputy director of the National Institute on Aging, called the
revelations "shocking" because Poehlman's research had helped inspire many other
researchers' work. "I think each scientist will now have to look at their own
data in view of what we now know about this deception," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 23, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

THE DOCTOR'S WORLD;
Her Study Shattered The Myth That Fraud In Science Is a Rarity

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE K. ALTMAN, M.D.

SECTION: Section C; Page 3; Column 1; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1557 words


AS a premedical student at Wellesley College in the 1960's, Judith P. Swazey was
puzzled by the disappearance of slides of tissues her research team had
prepared.

A few months later she opened a scientific journal and exclaimed to her
professor: "My, that looks familiar!" She was looking at pictures of the missing
slides. The author's girlfriend, who may or may not have been a Wellesley
student, had often dropped by the laboratory. Dr. Swazey said her group merely
thought she was expressing "collegial interest." In fact, she had stolen the
slides.

Dr. Swazey's Wellesley professor scolded the author, a rising young expert in
glandular function at a medical center in Boston, but brought no charges against
him. In an interview last week, Dr. Swazey declined to identify him beyond
saying that "he is a well-known figure today" in endocrinology.

"It was an eye-opener that things are not always nice in science," said Dr.
Swazey, now president of the Acadia Institute in Bar Harbor, Me.

It was not an isolated event. Later in her career, Dr. Swazey blew the whistle
on another scientist who had published fraudulent data in his cancer research.

Such episodes, Dr. Swazey said, triggered her interest in studying "how
scientists and institutions deal with scientific misconduct and other
professional responsibilities."

And they have led to an important new study that has shattered the long-held
contentions of many scientists that misconduct in research is the work of a few
bad apples. The study also raised questions about the extent of sloppy research
and the standards being set for the next generation of scientists.

The study, which appears in the current issue of American Scientist, published
by Sigma Xi, a scientific honor society in Research Triangle Park, N.C., is the
first detailed national survey of misconduct in science. Dr. Swazey's co-authors
were Dr. Melissa S. Anderson and Dr. Karen Seashore Louis at the University of
Minnesota. The study was financed by the National Science Foundation, a Federal
agency, and it showed that misconduct was more widespread than many scientists
have been willing to acknowledge.

The study sampled 2,000 graduate students in four scientific fields --
chemistry, civil engineering, microbiology and sociology -- and 2,000 faculty
members. The survey did not measure the actual incidence of misconduct, but
focused on the participants' perceptions of a wide range of abuses from fraud
and plagiarism to questionable research practices as defined by the National
Academy of Sciences.

The study found, for example, that 43 percent of the faculty members said they
knew of peers who had made personal or inappropriate use of university research
resources. Dr. Swazey's team interviewed 80 participants and heard about
scientists who invested in biotechnology companies on the side and used
university facilities and resources to carry out work for those companies. Dr.
Swazey's team also heard about researchers taking vacations that were thinly
disguised as research trips.

While students and faculty said they felt an obligation to report misconduct,
many were reluctant to confront it. Most said they did not want to be
whistle-blowers because they feared retaliation.

Their unwillingness was part of a general tendency among scientists to refuse to
acknowledge, discuss or study misconduct. Dr. Swazey and her longtime research
colleague, Dr. Renee C. Fox of the University of Pennsylvania, have described
the pattern as "structured silence."

The scientific community has been reluctant to evaluate the basic premises under
which it operates with the same scrutiny it uses to evaluate data.

One reason for the hesitation, Dr. Swazey said, is that practicing scientists
rarely step back and ask the penetrating questions. "When you are immersed in
day-to-day activities, you often do not see the issues surrounding you," she
said. And because such research is not widely regarded as important, younger
scientists shy away from doing the studies because there are few professional
rewards.

Dr. Swazey is widely respected for her sociological research on the ethics of
human experimentation, organ transplantation and genetics. She is the founder of
the Acadia Institute, a nonprofit organization that describes its underlying
mission as addressing "the increasingly complex relationships among education
and culture, science and medicine, and ethics and community."

The institute's $250,000-a-year budget is supported largely by private
foundations and grants by government agencies. The institute is based in a
spacious old Bar Harbor home where Dr. Swazey lives and works with Labrador
puppies yelping at her side. "The joys of home offices," Dr. Swazey said with a
laugh.

A main focus of her research is learning about the culture and academic climate
in which younger scientists are being trained at major universities. She said
she is concerned about how they are dealing with the ethical problems they
encounter.

While at Wellesley, Dr. Swazey dropped plans to become a physician when she took
a course in the history of science and found that it enabled her to combine her
love of science and writing. "It was the hardest course I ever took," she said.
She went on to earn a Ph.D. in the field at Harvard. Then, she said, she
"wandered into medical sociology, policy, law and ethics."

While working at Boston University in the late 1970's, she said, she was one of
several faculty members who blew the whistle on Dr. Marc Straus, a cancer
researcher there who committed fraud by inventing a tumor in a patient who never
had one and falsifying laboratory data. He was the first scientist to be barred
by the National Institutes of Health from getting Federal funds.

Dr. Swazey left Boston University, she said, because school officials were
reluctant to investigate the incident and even suggested that support for her
department's work might be reduced.

"I decided I was not going to be quiet about it, that I was not going to drop a
larger interest in these problems," she said. "I did not want the department
punished, and felt it was better if I moved on."

Dr. John I. Sandson, who was dean of the university's School of Medicine at the
time, said: "It was the first time this medical school was faced with scientific
misconduct, and I recall it was an emotionally charged issue. As the record
shows, we acted very swiftly, carefully and appropriately. Both then and now,
Swazey has played an invaluable role as a medical ethicist. I have the greatest
respect for her."

Dr. Swazey then became the head of a nonprofit organization called Medicine in
the Public Interest in Boston, where she studied how doctors, the clergy and
other professionals regulate themselves.

In 1981, she helped run a pioneering conference on whistle-blowing in biomedical
research for a Presidential commission, then published a report on the
commission's conclusions. At the time little data existed on misconduct in
biomedical research.

She next moved to Bar Harbor to become president of the College of the Atlantic,
but resigned after two years of what she called "an academic mismatch." Her
family wanted to stay in Bar Harbor, so she started the Acadia Institute.

Dr. Swazey said that her team had no difficulty gaining Federal support for its
study from the National Science Foundation. But she and her colleagues were
rebuffed when they tried to publish their findings in Science, a journal
published by the American Association for the Advancement of Science in
Washington.

The journal's editor, Dr. Daniel E. Koshland Jr., has taken a strong position
that scientific misconduct is rare, once writing that "99.9999 percent of
reports are accurate and truthful." Dr. Koshland was widely criticized for using
a specific figure when little data existed.

Referring to what she said was Dr. Koshland's "ivory pure" figure in the
editorial, Dr. Swazey said: "It is part of the phenomenon we are studying, which
is the patterns of responses by individuals and institutions to the fact that
these problems, to whatever degree, exist. Are you going to try to discuss them
and deal with them, or are you going to say let's ignore them and hope they go
away?"

Dr. Swazey said in the interview that it was impossible to prevent all
misconduct, and thus she urged scientists to think about how they should respond
when it occurs.

But as a report from the National Science Foundation's inspector general in 1990
said, there have been only a few studies of the problem.

"Scientists need to tackle the large arena of questionable practices," Dr.
Swazey said.

Her study found that one important cause of dissension among scientists was the
inappropriate assignment of authorship of research papers. If faculty members
were to spell out in advance the criteria for credit and authorship, she said,
it would "avert a lot of unpleasantness."

Study participants said they were under enormous pressure to churn out results
and the result was sloppy science. To keep standards from declining, researchers
need to stress the importance of discussing all kinds of misconduct, Dr. Swazey
said.

"They are worried that a generation is getting trained to accept sloppy science
as O.K.," Dr. Swazey said, "and I find that far more troubling than the cases of
falsification."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Early in her career, Dr. Judith P. Swazey says, she encountered
academic fraud. Now president of the Acadia Institute in Bar Harbor, Me., she
has published a study that has shattered the long-held contention that
misconduct in scientific research is the work of a few bad apples. (Gary
Guisinger for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

UConn trustees discuss sexual misconduct allegations; update policies on
romantic relationships

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Aug. 08--The University of Connecticut's board of trustees was briefed on the
investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct by music professor Robert
Miller Wednesday and voted to update UConn's policy on discrimination,
harassment and inappropriate romantic relationships.

Miller, 66, of Mansfield was placed on paid administrative leave and banned from
campus on June 21 after allegations surfaced that he had a history of having sex
with young boys and had inappropriate contact with university students.

Miller, who has worked at UConn since 1982 and served as the head of the music
department, earns $135,741 a year. He has not been charged with any crimes, but
campus and state police in Connecticut and police in Virginia are investigating.

The university last month solicited bids for an outside law firm and budgeted
$250,000 to conduct an independent investigation into the way UConn handled
information about Miller that university employees had received as early as
2006.

UConn General Counsel Richard Orr gave trustees an overview of the case at
Wednesday's meeting, and Larry McHugh, chairman of the board of trustees, talked
about the timing of the information received by the university, according to
university spokeswoman Stephanie Reitz.

The trustees also met in executive session, but it was unclear whether they
discussed the Miller case.

In a letter to the "University Community" explaining the newly approved policy
on discrimination, harassment and inappropriate sexual relations, UConn
President Susan Herbst said the policy more clearly identifies reporting
obligations for deans, department heads, directors and supervisors and provides
more information about the university offices that handle such issues.

"It should be noted the university has been shaping this policy for
approximately one year and it is not in reaction to any specific instance or
matter," Herbst wrote.

The policy specifically prohibits romantic relationships between faculty and
staff and undergraduate students; faculty or staff with graduate students over
whom they have authority; graduate students and students over whom they have
authority; and supervisors with subordinate employees.

The university had longstanding policies prohibiting discrimination and
harassment and discouraging romantic relationships, according to Herbst, but the
new policy "more forcefully reflects our institutional values and prevailing
higher education non-discrimination and anti-harassment principles."

Court documents and information released by the university indicates that the
Eastern District Major Crime Squad and police in Fairfax County, Va., are
investigating allegations that Miller sexually assaulted five boys, ages 10 and
13, while serving as a volunteer at The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp in Ashford,
Conn., from 1989 to 1992 and while teaching school in Virginia from 1969 to
1972.

Officials also are investigating allegations that Miller visited UConn's
freshman dorms, provided drugs to students and had sex with students.

The new policy can be found at policy.uconn.edu/?p=2884.

k.florin@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130808-NL-UConn-trustees-discuss-sexual-misconduct
-allegations-update-policies-on-romantic-relationships-0808-20130808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day

                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             March 30, 2008 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Team misconduct comes under scrutiny;
New guidelines made in response to Spygate

BYLINE: By Mark Gaughan - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: PALM BEACH, Fla.


Player misconduct was a big focus of the NFL's owners meetings a year ago.
Misconduct by team officials will be a big emphasis this year.

New guidelines regarding the integrity of the game, team discipline and the
league's public image are expected to be outlined by NFL Commissioner Roger
Goodell.

The measures are a response to the still-lingering Spygate scandal perpetrated
by the New England Patriots seven months ago. The Patriots were caught illegally
taping defensive signals of opponents.

"We are determined that our game is clean and competitively fair," said Ray
Anderson, the league's senior vice president for football operations. "We want
integrity from top to bottom."

A handful of rules changes, plus plenty of discussion of the owners' unhappiness
with the league's collective bargaining agreement with the players' union, also
will be on tap at the conference, which runs today through Wednesday.

Goodell is expected to explain to owners his plans to conduct unannounced
inspections of locker rooms, stadium press boxes and in-game communications
equipment in response to the Patriots' cheating. He also wants to lower the
standard of proof needed for him to penalize teams for cheating. That standard
would be a "preponderance of the evidence," as opposed to "proof beyond a
reasonable doubt."

Goodell also wants each team's owner, top football executive and head coach to
sign off each year on a document stating that the organization followed league
rules.

"They will be responsible for annually certifying compliance with the rules and
policies of the league," Anderson said. "We do that in a lot of businesses where
you have to get audited and the senior person signs off on the audit that things
are in truthfully good order. We think that will help with accountability."

At the urging of Goodell, the league's competition committee has proposed a
resolution that will allow teams to have a five- to seven-day "dead period"
before the start of free agency in which negotiations with player agents would
be allowed. This is in response to widespread tampering that is done in the
run-up to free agency.

"Teams would be free to talk to potential free-agents' agents only, not the
player himself," said Atlanta Falcons President Rich McKay, co-chairman of the
competition committee. "They can not visit or meet with a player face to face.
They can negotiate a contract but they can not execute or sign a contract."

This resolution probably will be voted on in May, not this week, but it is
similar to rules in baseball and basketball and is likely to be adopted. Last
week, San Francisco forfeited a fifth-round draft pick for tampering with
Chicago free-agent linebacker Lance Briggs.

Both McKay and Anderson, a former agent, acknowledged that premature negotiating
before the start of free agency is unavoidable.

"There's always been quite a bit of activity in the agent community," Anderson
said. "I think it will help the teams to retain their current players if they
want to," McKay said. "It will clarify what the market is five or seven days
beforehand and allow them to make a competitive offer to keep a player they want
to keep."

Goodell also wants the league to more closely monitor crowd-noise rules (teams
for years have been accused of pumping in artificial noise) and to discuss the
rules regarding coaches' communication systems during games. Currently a team is
not required to shut down its coach-to-quarterback communication system when the
opposing team's system malfunctions. This has prompted suspicions of foul play
when a visiting team's has problems. Currently only a complete malfunction of
all communications systems require the opposing team to shut down its system
during a game.

Perhaps the most prominent rule change to be considered would allow one
defensive player to have radio communication in his helmet with coaches on the
sideline. This has been voted down twice before.

"I do believe that it does have a better chance, maybe because of the focus
that's been on the situation in New England earlier this year," McKay said.

If that player were to be injured or leave the field, a second defensive player,
designated before the game, would be allowed to change helmets and use one that
has a radio receiver in it. If both of those players were injured, the defense
would have to go back to using hand signals.

e-mail: mgaughan@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images Commissioner Roger Goodell has a lot on his agenda for
this week.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             August 21, 2006 Monday

In the Nation

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 587 words


Lawmaker assails

recruiters' abuses

KANSAS CITY, Mo. - The ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee
said yesterday that he would push to increase penalties for sexual misconduct by
military recruiters.

Rep. Ike Skelton of Missouri was reacting to an investigation by the Associated
Press that found more than 80 military recruiters were disciplined last year for
sexual misconduct with potential recruits.

"The National Guard's recently adopted rule of 'No One Alone' makes a great deal
of sense and should be followed by all services, whether active duty, National
Guard or reserve," Skelton said.

The No One Alone policy prohibits male recruiters from being alone in offices or
anywhere else with female enlistees. Violators risk disciplinary action, and
other recruiters who know of violations and do not report them also can be
disciplined.- AP

Texas standoff injures officers

MIDLOTHIAN, Texas - Three police officers and a state trooper were shot and
wounded yesterday during a standoff at an apartment complex that began with a
broken window and stretched into the night, officials said.

Police said 25-year-old Richard Miles barricaded himself in his second-floor
unit. Police said they did not know what sparked the shootings.- APArmy
destroying

mustard gas

SALT LAKE CITY - The Army has begun draining and incinerating thousands of
containers of mustard gas held in storage at a facility in the Utah desert.

The project at the Deseret Chemical Depot, begun Friday, will last six to 10
years. It involves burning about 6,200 tons of liquid blister agent and is
complicated by the presence of an estimated 800 pounds of toxic mercury.

Workers will first drain and incinerate the one-ton mustard gas containers,
depot spokeswoman Alaine Southworth said. They will also design and install
filters to scrub mercury from the exhaust.- APFlooding isolates

Alaskan cities

WASILLA, Alaska - Flooding and mud slides brought on by heavy rain Saturday
closed the main highway and rail line between Anchorage and Fairbanks, the
state's two largest cities.

At least 150 people were evacuated from their homes, not counting campers and
fishermen who use numerous roadside campgrounds, said Dennis Brodigan,
Matanuska-Susitna Borough Emergency Services director. No injuries were
reported.- AP

Elsewhere:

A Coral Springs, Fla., woman was fatally mauled by her dog as she was trying to
give it a bath, police said. Shawna Willey, 30, died Friday. Police shot and
killed the 120-pound Presa Canario.

A passenger who was detained in San Antonio after flight attendants said he
tampered with a restroom smoke detector was determined to be "not suspicious at
all," the FBI said yesterday. Explosives experts swept the Delta Air Lines plane
after it arrived from Atlanta but found nothing.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors' conduct can tip the scales;
Abuses send innocent to prison, let the guilty go free, leave many with huge
legal bills

BYLINE: Brad Heath and Kevin McCoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 4591 words


ORLANDO -- The jurors who helped put Nino Lyons in jail for three years had
every reason to think that he was a drug trafficker, and, until July, no reason
to doubt that justice had been done.

For more than a week in 2001, the jurors listened to one witness after another,
almost all of them prison inmates, describe how Lyons had sold them packages of
cocaine. One said that Lyons, who ran clothing shops and nightclubs around
Orlando, even tried to hire him to kill two drug suppliers.

But the federal prosecutors handling the case did not let the jury hear all the
facts.

Instead, the prosecutors covered up evidence that could have discredited many of
Lyons' accusers. They never revealed that a convict who claimed to have
purchased hundreds of pounds of cocaine from Lyons struggled even to identify
his photograph. And they hid the fact that prosecutors had promised to let
others out of prison early in exchange for their cooperation.

Federal prosecutors are supposed to seek justice, not merely score convictions.
But a USA TODAY investigation found that prosecutors repeatedly have violated
that duty in courtrooms across the nation. The abuses have put innocent people
in prison, set guilty people free and cost taxpayers millions of dollars in
legal fees and sanctions.

Judges have warned for decades that misconduct by prosecutors threatens the
Constitution's promise of a fair trial. Congress in 1997 enacted a law aimed at
ending such abuses.

Yet USA TODAY documented 201 criminal cases in the years that followed in which
judges determined that Justice Department prosecutors -- the nation's most elite
and powerful law enforcement officials -- themselves violated laws or ethics
rules.

In case after case during that time, judges blasted prosecutors for "flagrant"
or "outrageous" misconduct. They caught some prosecutors hiding evidence, found
others lying to judges and juries, and said others had broken plea bargains.

Such abuses, intentional or not, doubtless infect no more than a small fraction
of the tens of thousands of criminal cases filed in the nation's federal courts
each year. But the transgressions USA TODAY identified were so serious that, in
each case, judges threw out charges, overturned convictions or rebuked
prosecutors for misconduct. And each has the potential to tarnish the reputation
of the prosecutors who do their jobs honorably.

In July, U.S. District Judge Gregory Presnell did more than overturn Lyons'
conviction: He declared that Lyons was innocent.

Neither the Justice Department nor the lead prosecutor in the Lyons case, Bruce
Hinshelwood, would explain the events that cost Lyons his home, his businesses
and nearly three years of freedom. The department investigated Hinshelwood but
refused to say whether he was punished; records obtained by USA TODAY show that
the agency regulating Florida lawyers ordered him to attend a one-day ethics
workshop, scheduled for Friday.

Asked about Presnell's ruling exonerating Lyons, Hinshelwood said only, "It is
of no concern to me."

The circumstances of Lyons' conviction did trouble Presnell, who oversaw his
trial nine years ago. Presnell savaged the Justice Department in a written order
for "a concerted campaign of prosecutorial abuse" by attorneys who, he said,
covered up evidence and let felons lie to the jury.

Records from the Justice Department's internal ethics watchdogs show the agency
has investigated a growing number of complaints by judges about misconduct they
observed. In 2001, the department investigated 42 such complaints; last year,
61.

The department will not reveal how many of those prosecutors were punished
because, it said, doing so would violate their privacy rights. USA TODAY,
drawing on state bar records, identified only one federal prosecutor who was
barred even temporarily from practicing law for misconduct during the past 12
years.

Even high-profile cases have been affected. Last year, a judge in Washington,
D.C. -- saying the department could not be trusted to investigate its own
prosecutors -- launched his own probe of the attorneys who handled the
corruption trial of former Alaska senator Ted Stevens. After a jury found
Stevens guilty, the department admitted that prosecutors had hidden evidence,
then dropped the charges. (Stevens died in an August plane crash.)

Stevens' lawyers question how misconduct could have tainted such a closely
watched case -- and what that might mean for routine prosecutions. "It's a
frightening thought and calls into question the generally accepted belief that
our system of justice performs at a high level and yields just results," said
Brendan Sullivan, Stevens' attorney.

Pattern of 'glaring misconduct'

Unlike local prosecutors, who often toil daily in crowded courts to untangle
routine burglaries and homicides, Justice Department attorneys handle many of
the nation's most complex and consequential crimes.

With help from legal experts and former prosecutors, USA TODAY spent six months
examining federal prosecutors' work, reviewing legal databases, department
records and tens of thousands of pages of court filings. Although the true
extent of misconduct by prosecutors will likely never be known, the assessment
is the most complete yet of the scope and impact of those violations.

USA TODAY found a pattern of "serious, glaring misconduct," said Pace University
law professor Bennett Gershman, an expert on misconduct by prosecutors. "It's
systemic now, and ...  the system is not able to control this type of behavior.
There is no accountability."

He and Alexander Bunin, the chief federal public defender in Albany, N.Y.,
called the newspaper's findings "the tip of the iceberg" because many more cases
are tainted by misconduct than are found. In many cases, misconduct is exposed
only because of vigilant scrutiny by defense attorneys and judges.

However frequently it happens, the consequences go to the heart of the justice
system's promise of fairness:

*Innocent people are punished. In Arizona, a woman spent eight years in prison
for her conviction in a 2000 bank robbery because the prosecution  never told
her that another woman -- who matched her description almost exactly  -- had
been charged with robbing banks in the area. In Washington, D.C., a court in
2005 threw out murder charges against two men who had spent two decades in
prison for a murder they didn't commit, in part because prosecutors hid evidence
that two others could have committed the crime.

They were among 47 cases USA TODAY documented in which defendants were either
exonerated or set free after the violations surfaced.

Among the consequences of misconduct, wrongful convictions are the most serious,
said former U.S. attorney general Dick Thornburgh. He said, "No civilized
society should countenance such conduct or systems that failed to prevent it."

Even people who never spent a day in jail faced ruinous consequences: lost
careers, lost savings and lost reputations. Last year, a federal appeals court
wiped out Illinois businessman Charles Farinella's 2007 conviction for changing
"best when purchased by" dates on bottles of salad dressing he sold to discount
stores. The judges ruled that what he'd done wasn't illegal and blasted lead
prosecutor Juliet Sorensen for violations that robbed Farinella of a fair trial.
Exoneration came too late to salvage his business or to help the 20 or so
employees he had laid off.

"It's the United States government against one person," Farinella said in his
first public comment on the case. "They beat you down because they are so
powerful. They have trillions of dollars behind them. Even someone who's
innocent doesn't have much of a chance."

*Guilty people go free or face less punishment. In Puerto Rico, a federal court
blocked prosecutors from seeking the death penalty for a fatal robbery because
they failed to turn over evidence; the defendant was sentenced to life in prison
instead. In California, a double agent accused of sharing defense secrets with
China was sentenced to probation instead of prison because prosecutors refused
to let her lawyer talk to her FBI handler, a key witness. Dozens of other
defendants -- including drug dealers and bank robbers -- left prison early
because their trials were tainted.

*Taxpayers foot the bill. The Justice Department has paid nearly $5.3 million to
reimburse the legal bills of  defendants who were wrongly accused. It has spent
far more to repeat trials for people whose convictions were thrown out because
of misconduct, a process that can take years, although the full price tag is
impossible to tally.

In one California case, for example, it took prosecutors four years and three
trials to convict a man of tax fraud. Then an appeals court set aside his
conviction because it said a prosecutor "sat silently as his witness lied."

The violations happened in almost every part of the nation, though USA TODAY
found the most cases in federal courts in San Diego; Massachusetts; Washington,
D.C.; and Puerto Rico. That pattern means misconduct is "not an isolated
problem," said Laurie Levenson, a Loyola Law School professor and former federal
prosecutor in Los Angeles.

Trial, jail and vindication

The American legal system puts enormous faith in juries: Give 12 men and women
the facts, and they will separate the guilty from the innocent.

The Constitution, Congress and courts have set elaborate rules to ensure jurors
get the facts and aren't swayed by emotion or fear. Rules are particularly
exacting for prosecutors, as they act with government authority and their
mistakes can put people in prison.

One of those rules, established by the Supreme Court nearly 50 years ago in a
case called Brady v. Maryland, is that prosecutors must tell defendants about
evidence that could help prove their innocence. Withholding that evidence is
"reprehensible," the court later said.

Nonetheless, USA TODAY identified 86 cases in which judges found that
prosecutors had failed to turn over evidence to defendants. That's what happened
to Nino Lyons.

Lyons, now 50, grew up in the public housing projects of Cocoa, Fla., outside
Orlando; his father spent time in prison, and for several years, his mother
raised him alone. Even so, Lyons thrived: He graduated from college and worked
briefly at the nearby Kennedy Space Center. In the 1990s, he opened clothing
stores and nightclubs in Cocoa and Orlando. He was vice president of the local
NAACP chapter.

How Lyons also became a drug suspect is unclear. But five days before Christmas
in 2000, police stormed his Rockledge house, searching for an illegal machine
gun. They did not find a machine gun or any drugs. What they did find was
suspicious: an assortment of legal guns and $185,000 in cash, some of it
counterfeit. Lyons said he was saving for a down payment on an Orlando
nightclub.

Within a year, prosecutors put together a procession of more than two dozen
inmates willing to testify that Lyons was a major drug trafficker. Jurors
convicted Lyons of almost every charge, including carjacking, selling
counterfeit clothing and a drug conspiracy that could have put him in prison for
life.

"With all the evidence they had brought forth in this trial, I didn't have any
choice but to vote guilty on him," said one juror, Harold Newsome.

The evidence prosecutors hid from Newsome and the other jurors did not fully
come to light until 2004, during Lyons' third year in jail. It surfaced only
because of one line in a government sentencing report that hinted at undisclosed
evidence. When it emerged, the Justice Department agreed to drop the drug charge
against Lyons, and Presnell, the judge who oversaw the trial, threw out the
rest.

It was a drastic step and meant Lyons could never be retried. Presnell wrote
that he had no other option: "The Government's protracted course of misconduct,"
he wrote, "caused extraordinary prejudice to Lyons, exhibited disregard of the
Government's duties, and demonstrated contempt for this court."

By then, Lyons had spent 1,003 days in a county jail north of Orlando. He was
never sentenced, but remained locked up while courts sorted through the problems
in his case. He saw his son and daughter, then in middle school, only through
the thick glass windows of the visiting room, and spoke to them only via
telephone.

His businesses folded while he was in jail. His wife, Debbie, was demoted from
her job as principal of an elementary school, a move the school said was
unrelated to the case. She sold the couple's house and took a night job tutoring
the children of migrant farm workers to pay the bills.

"It was bad for me, but I didn't realize until I came home how bad it had been
for my wife and my kids, people that really loved me," Lyons said.

Records show the Justice Department eventually paid $150,000 of Lyons' legal
bills in a settlement that was never made public. It admitted in a court filing
that prosecutors made "serious errors" in their handling of the case. The
attorney who replaced Hinshelwood as the case dragged on, Lee Bentley,
personally apologized to Lyons.

For Debbie Lyons, 51, it wasn't enough. "When they targeted him, they targeted
me. They targeted my kids," she said. Prosecutors "don't have the courtesy to
say, 'We're wrong; our agents were wrong; we pursued this case wrong. We know we
lied; we know we withheld evidence.' "

Lyons said he's "thankful to God" that Presnell finally declared him innocent.
But almost nine years after he was first found guilty, exoneration hasn't
repaired the damage to his reputation.

In the six years since he was released from jail, he hasn't been able to find a
regular job or even land an interview. Now he works part time for a church
program in Orlando that finds mentors for kids whose parents are in jail. The
grant that pays for the program will run out at the end of the month.

"Even if the president comes out tomorrow and says this man is 1,000% innocent,
you're going to have somebody somewhere say, 'I'm not sure about that. I don't
think the government would have did that if he was innocent,' " Lyons said.

'The scary part'

Sniffing out misconduct can be a matter of serendipity -- or luck, as Lyons'
attorneys discovered.

The evidence that eventually set Lyons free came to light only because of one
sentence buried in a 40-page draft of a probation officer's sentencing report.
Those drafts are dense and at times ignored, but this one offered a tantalizing
clue: an account by one of Lyons' accusers, a federal inmate, that differed from
his testimony during the trial.

That stuck out to Robert Berry, one of Lyons' attorneys, who wondered what else
he hadn't been told. His digging led to hundreds of pages of other evidence
prosecutors had never disclosed.

"If it wasn't for that one sentence, he would be in prison right now, probably
for the rest of his life," Berry said. "The scary part is it probably does
happen every day and nobody ever figures it out."

One reason violations may go undetected is that only a small fraction of
criminal cases ever get the scrutiny of a trial, the process most likely to
identify misconduct. Trials play a "very important" role, said former deputy
attorney general David Ogden, because they force judges and attorneys to review
a case in far more exacting detail.

The number of people charged with crimes in federal district courts has almost
doubled over the past 15 years. Yet the number whose cases actually go to trial
has fallen almost 30%, to about 3,500 last year, USA TODAY found. Last year,
just four defendants out of 100 went to trial; the rest struck plea bargains
that resolved their cases quickly, with far less scrutiny from judges.

"We really should be more concerned about the cases we don't know about," said
Levenson, the Loyola professor. "Many of the types of misconduct you identified
could happen every day, and we'd never know about it if defendants plead out."

Deliberate violations

In a justice system that prosecutes more than 60,000  people a year, mistakes
are inevitable. But the violations USA TODAY documented go beyond everyday
missteps. In the worst cases, say judges, former prosecutors and others, they
happen because prosecutors deliberately cut corners to win.

"There are rogue prosecutors, often motivated by personal ambition or partisan
reasons," said Thornburgh, who was attorney general under Presidents Reagan and
George H.W. Bush. Such people are uncommon, though, he added: "Most former
federal prosecutors, like myself, are resentful of actions that bring discredit
on the office."

Judges have seen those abuses, too. "Sometimes, you get inexperienced and
unscrupulous assistant U.S. attorneys who don't care about the rules," said U.W.
Clemon, the former chief judge in northern Alabama's federal courts.

How often prosecutors deliberately violate the rules is impossible to know. The
Justice Department's internal ethics watchdog, the Office of Professional
Responsibility, insists it happens rarely. It reported that it completed more
than 750 investigations over the past decade, and found intentional violations
in just 68. The department would not identify the cases it concluded were marred
by intentional violations, and removes from its public reports any details that
could be used to identify the prosecutors involved.

State records, however, offer a glimpse into what can go wrong. Three years ago,
two federal prosecutors in Illinois, each with more than a decade of experience,
were ordered to answer to the state Attorney Registration and Disciplinary
Commission for problems that almost torpedoed a drug case. The lawyers failed to
turn over information to defense attorneys that could have discredited a key
witness. That tactic, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit concluded,
was "designed to deliberately mislead the court and defense counsel."

Both prosecutors told authorities that they knew the rules, and both admitted
that they didn't turn over the evidence, according to a transcript of the
hearing. One, Bradley Murphy, said he was counting on the witness to reveal the
damaging information himself during his testimony. The other, John Campbell,
apologized. "It's embarrassing, to say the least," he told the commission.

State records show that the Justice Department suspended both prosecutors for a
day. Both also were censured by the Illinois Supreme Court.

They remain federal prosecutors.

Attorney General Eric Holder declined to be interviewed; earlier this year, he
told judges that officials "must take seriously each and every lapse, no matter
the cause." The head of the department's criminal division, Lanny Breuer, said,
"Obviously, even one example of real misconduct is too many. ... If you've
engaged in misconduct, the response of the department has to be swift and
strong."

In practice, however, the response -- by the Justice Department and the state
officials who oversee lawyers -- has frequently been neither. Department records
show that its internal investigations often take more than a year to complete,
and usually find that prosecutors, at worst, made a mistake, even when judges
who presided over the trials ruled that there was serious misconduct.

In one rare exception, the department in 2007 prosecuted one of its former
attorneys, Richard Convertino, for obstructing justice in his handling of a
Detroit terrorism case. He was acquitted, and he unsuccessfully accused the
attorneys who prosecuted him of misconduct. The department called Convertino
"unmanageable" in one court filing, but still kept its internal review of the
case secret.

In the one case in which USA TODAY found that state officials suspended a
federal prosecutor from practicing law, the punishment lasted only a year. In
that case, Florida's Supreme Court found that Karen Schmid Cox had let a witness
lie about her name during a trial, making it impossible for defense attorneys to
check the witness's background. If they had, they would have found that the
witness had been previously accused of lying to a judge and filing a false
police report.

Pressures on prosecutors

In some cases, Justice Department records and court documents suggest that
prosecutors broke the rules inadvertently, often because they were inexperienced
or unsupervised.

Former prosecutors from offices across the nation insist that the Justice
Department never put pressure on them to cut corners -- "there wasn't any
pervasive attitude of win-at-any-cost," said Rick Jancha, a former prosecutor in
Orlando.

But there are other pressures. For one thing, prosecutors are taking on more
cases than ever. In the mid-1990s, the offices had one attorney for every 14
defendants; last year, they had one attorney for every 28. Even though most of
those cases end in plea bargains, the increase can be taxing, because
prosecutors often are responsible not just for conducting trials but overseeing
investigations.

And prosecutors put pressure on themselves. "They're the A+ students. They're
not used to losing," Levenson said.

"Prosecutors think they're doing the Lord's work, and that they wear the white
hat. When I was a prosecutor, I thought everything I did was right," said Jack
Wolfe, a former federal prosecutor in Texas and now a defense lawyer. "So even
if you got out of line, you could tell yourself that you didn't do it on
purpose, or that it was for the greater good."

Beyond that, most federal prosecutors do their jobs with little day-to-day
supervision, said Michael Seigel, the second-in-command of the U.S. attorney's
office in Tampa from 1995 to 1999.

And, until last year, prosecutors were not required to get regular training in
ethics such  as their constitutional duty to share evidence with defendants.
That training is important: Many of the legal rules prosecutors must follow are
complex, and not everyone agrees on the  boundary between aggressive lawyering
and misconduct.

Last year, Ogden, Holder's second-in-command, headed a review of problems with
prosecutors' failure to turn over evidence to defendants, the issue that
ultimately undermined the Lyons case. It concluded that most violations were
"not the product of people who intentionally set about to cheat but ... more of
a lack of training and a lack of resources," said Ogden, who left the department
this year. That review prompted a new requirement that prosecutors get two hours
of annual training in their duty to share evidence.

'Real sloppy and lazy'

Before Bruce Hinshelwood became a federal prosecutor, he tried murder cases and
those involving other high-profile crimes as a state attorney. He headed the
Justice Department's Jacksonville office, and was briefly second-in-command of
the middle district surrounding Tampa. Later, he tried drug cases in Orlando. In
all that time, there is no indication Hinshelwood was faulted for misconduct.
The Lyons case changed that.

Hinshelwood's former boss, Paul Perez, became U.S. attorney in Tampa in 2002,
shortly after Lyons' trial ended. When the case against Lyons fell apart, it was
his job to figure out why.

Perez said in an interview that he personally never doubted that Lyons was
guilty. He said the problems came down to inattention: Hinshelwood was "an
experienced but very lazy prosecutor," but he didn't break the rules on purpose.
He was, Perez said, "real sloppy and lazy."

Judge Presnell drew harsher conclusions. In a 2004 order, he said the Justice
Department's failures in the case could be explained, "at best, by its agents'
sloppy investigative work or, at worst, by their knowing failure to meet
constitutional duties." He later faulted prosecutors not just for failing to
turn over evidence but for "brazenly" defying court orders and presenting
witnesses who were "allowed, if not encouraged, to lie under oath."

Records from the Florida Bar, which regulates the state's lawyers, show that the
Justice Department investigated Hinshelwood's handling of the Lyons case, a fact
the department refused to confirm for fear of invading his privacy. The
department completed its report in 2007 and referred its findings to the bar in
2009, a step Justice Department policies say it takes when it finds misconduct.

Despite Presnell's rebuke and its own investigation, there is no evidence that
the Justice Department ever punished Hinshelwood. He continued prosecuting cases
until he retired in February 2008 to open his own law practice in Orlando.

The Florida Bar investigated Hinshelwood last year -- seven years after Presnell
accused him of misconduct by name in a court order -- but concluded that too
much time had passed to take action for what happened at the trial. It let
Hinshelwood resolve the complaint by paying $1,111.80 in costs and attending
Friday's ethics workshop.

"That's the extent of it?" Lyons said.

The bar opened a second investigation of Hinshelwood in July after Presnell
declared Lyons innocent, an uncommon step that officials would not explain
publicly.

To Lyons, nothing the bar can do would be strong enough. Hinshelwood "should
suffer or go to jail," Lyons said. "The justice system not only didn't work
initially in my case, it's still not working. Bruce Hinshelwood has his pension.
He still works every single day. His life is not miserable. I'm not saying mine
is, but it's nothing like it was before."

Contributing: Rhyne Piggott

Our methodology and panel of experts

For this series, USA TODAY used legal databases such as LexisNexis and PACER to
review tens of thousands of pages of judicial opinions, court dockets and other
records filed in federal criminal cases since Jan. 1, 1998. Reporters identified
more than 200 cases in which courts threw out convictions or publicly rebuked
prosecutors for misconduct, then had the list screened by a team of law
professors, criminal attorneys and former prosecutors to ensure that the
prosecutors' actions qualified as misconduct.

The final list, which can be viewed at justice.usatoday.com, includes only those
cases agreed to by the experts who reviewed them. Each case included in USA
TODAY's tally was reviewed by at least four independent experts. The newspaper
excluded dozens of other cases because experts thought the allegations of
misconduct were less serious or because courts dismissed any missteps as
harmless errors.

USA TODAY also reviewed detailed tracking information about more than 675,000
criminal cases filed in federal district courts since 1998, using the Justice
Department's caseload management databases.

USA TODAY'S legal experts Alexander Bunin, the federal public defender for the
Northern District of New York, tracks overturned federal convictions nationwide.
He teaches criminal trial practice at Albany Law School.

Bennett Gershman,  a law professor at Pace University in New York,  is one of
the nation's leading authorities on prosecutorial misconduct and has written two
books on prosecutorial and judicial ethics. He is a former prosecutor for the
Manhattan district attorney's office.

Stephen Gillers, a professor and former vice dean at New York University's law
school, is a legal ethics expert. He is the author of Regulation of Lawyers:
Problems of Law and Ethics, a widely used casebook, and sits on several American
Bar Association committees.

Joseph Lawless, the author of one of the first textbooks on prosecutorial
misconduct, practices law  in Philadelphia, specializing in white-collar
criminal cases. He is a former assistant district attorney.

Laurie Levenson, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, specializes in
criminal law. She was a prosecutor in the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles
from 1981 to 1989, where she was a deputy chief of the criminal division.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Illustration by Sam Ward, USA TODAY
PHOTO, Color, Rhyne Piggott, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Florida Today
PHOTO, B/W, Rhyne Piggott, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Dan MacMedan, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Mark Malijan for USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 17, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Police Training Manual Is Criticized

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, March 16


A manual used to train hundreds of police officers around the nation urges them
to choose Jamaican drivers and cars bearing colors of the Ethiopian flag for
drug stops, Sgt. DeLacy Davis, the director of Black Cops Against Police
Brutality, said at a news conference today.

"Jamaicans/Rastafarians have been known to operate and transport narcotics in
the following types of vehicles," the manual says, naming Toyota Corollas and
Celicas, a Datsun B210, BMWs and Volvos.

The manual also says cars suspected in drug trafficking "may display the
Ethiopian flag or the colors of the flag ... red, yellow and green, Jamaican
paraphernalia, bumper stickers or slogans."

"This is a euphemism for stopping people of color," Sergeant Davis said. He said
two officers from different northern New Jersey police departments used the
manual in a training course.

The state police have not used the manual, a department spokesman said.

About 300 officers a year use the manual in a course offered by the Public
Agency Training Council of Indianapolis, said James Alsup, the council's
director.

"That's language that may be in there," he said.

Mr. Alsup referred questions to its author, an instructor, who did not return
telephone calls.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 24, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

2 More Officers Dismissed For Washington Partying

BYLINE: By DAVID KOCIENIEWSKI

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 25;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 712 words


The New York City police officer whose drunken exhibitionism in Washington
became a national symbol of misconduct within the Police Department has been
dismissed from the force, police officials said yesterday.

Police Commissioner William J. Bratton said Officer James Morrow -- who became
known as Naked Man among his colleagues on the force -- had been dismissed,
along with a fellow officer, Wayne Hagmaier, bringing the total number of
officers disciplined for the May 1995 incident to seven.

Mr. Bratton said the dismissals should send a message that he would not tolerate
obnoxious behavior by off-duty officers. He also praised the department's
Internal Affairs Bureau for breaching the so-called blue wall of silence, an
unwritten code that prescribes ostracism for officers who turn in their
colleagues.

"There are now some significant cracks in it," Mr. Bratton said.

The dismissals, which followed departmental hearings in the fall, appear to be
the final chapter of one of the most unusual police scandals in recent years. It
was a tale of beer-laced debauchery and off-duty nudity, which occurred in the
wake of the city's worst police-corruption probe in a generation and became a
test of the Police Department's resolve in dealing with misconduct.

It began as a solemn observance, when more than 1,000 New York officers traveled
to Washington to join 10,000 officers from across the nation at a memorial
service for law enforcement officers.

But away from the services, in the hotels where officers were staying, the scene
quickly descended into the sophomoric rowdiness of a dorm party. The officers
spent more than $98,000 at the convention bar during the three days, according
to a police report. Hotel guests began complaining that they could not sleep
because of the police officers' late-night revelry, vandalism and midnight
bagpipe recitals.

The most serious allegations involved the early morning of May 15, inside the
Hyatt Regency Hotel, when witnesses described police officers engaged in conduct
reminiscent of the frat house film "Animal House": sliding naked down banisters,
harassing guests at a nurses' convention, pouring beer down escalators and
setting off fire alarms, forcing the evacuation of the hotel.

When the New York news organizations learned of the romp, they quickly turned it
into a tabloid sensation, spawning headlines such as "Goon Squad," "NY Cops
Rampage" and "Drunken Cops Shame New York." National news organizations also
followed the story, saying the rampage proved the department was unmanageable.

Mr. Bratton fanned the media flames, calling the rowdy officers "nitwits" and
"morons."

He sent an unusually large and high-ranking team of Internal Affairs detectives
to investigate the reports. But the bureau found only seven officers who had
actually participated in the rampage, according to a review of the incident
prepared by First Deputy Commissioner John F. Timoney.

Many of the police officers who were wearing items with the "N.Y.P.D." logo were
actually officers from other cities' departments who had bought them as
souvenirs, the report said. Other witnesses backed away from their original
stories, the report said, or could not identify the New York officers. The
report also criticized news coverage of the incident, saying that many of the
witnesses who were quoted on television and in newspapers later recanted their
stories when interviewed by Internal Affairs detectives.

"Neither the number nor the severity of these incidents resembled what was
initially reported," the report concluded.

Twenty-nine other officers were disciplined for violating a department order
forbidding them to bring their guns to the convention.

Officer Morrow, who earned the nickname Naked Man after frolicking nude on a
boat in 1994, asked the department for leniency, saying he was an alcoholic who
blacked out during the Washington incident and did not remember it. He said he
had sought treatment for alcoholism. Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani said yesterday
that alcohol did not excuse police officers from their sworn duty to protect the
public and behave in a dignified manner while off duty.

"That's not an excuse for a police officer to run around in the nude," Mr.
Giuliani said.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

Elon Law forum examines race and the grand jury process

LENGTH: 638  words

DATELINE: Elon


Elon University has issued the following news release:

The April 14 public forum at Elon Law featured perspectives about the fairness
end effectiveness of the grand jury process, particularly in the context of
alleged police misconduct against minorities. Panelists included: Fred Lind,
public defender, Guilford County, N.C.; Howard Neumann, chief assistant district
attorney, Guilford County, N.C.; James Clark, police attorney, City of
Greensboro Police Department; Barbara Lawrence, associate professor of justice
and policy studies, Guilford College; and, serving as moderator, Michael Rich,
associate professor of law with expertise in criminal law and procedure, Elon
Law.

Topics explored in depth at the forum included:

The role of police officers as witnesses, and limitations on other witnesses, in
North Carolina Grand Jury cases involving alleged police misconduct;
    Restrictions on public access to video gathered from police body cameras;
    The roles of state authorities and civilian review boards in investigating
alleged police misconduct and the merits of these oversight systems;
    The fairness and effectiveness of the grand jury process, particularly in
cases of alleged police misconduct, and proposals for modifications and
alternatives to the grand jury system in determining "probable cause" that one
or more persons committed an alleged criminal offense.

The event was sponsored by the Elon Law student chapter of the National Lawyers
Guild. Forum moderator and Elon Law Professor Michael Rich described the value
of the forum in an interview with Time Warner Cable News.

"I think it's important for the community at large to understand how complaints
raised against the police are handled," Rich said. "That way, we can better
understand the results of the process that goes on ... Race is an integral part
when it comes to criminal law. Law has been applied differently based on the
race of the defendants throughout the history of America."

Law student Diamond Zephir noted Elon Law's active engagement in current issues
in the law for Time Warner Cable News.

"Not only do we talk about the past, we also talk about the present instances of
discrimination, racism and so forth," Zephir said. "We're trying to bring about
awareness to the issues in society, and we're trying to get everyone involved
and everyone just aware of what is going on around us, what's going on with our
friends, our family, our peers and the people around us in general."

Prior Elon Law events and actions this academic year relating to issues of race,
law and justice include:

Forum on race, policing and the fourth amendment - Sept. 23 (Read a News &
Record report on this forum here.)

Forum on local law enforcement use of public surveillance technologies,
including body-warn cameras - Oct. 20

Law student Josh Berggrun, who worked with the Greensboro city attorney's office
through an Elon Law externship, and law students Patrick Collins and Cecelia
Jones, who worked with the Greensboro police attorney's office in an Elon Law
externship, were instrumental in the public surveillance technologies forum.

A Martin Luther King, Jr. forum exploring current national and international
civil rights issues - Jan. 22

Law students organize Black Lives Matter Law Student Day of Action - April 2

In addition to the forums and activities above, in their capstone leadership
project this year, law students and Leadership Fellows Chris Genheimer and Emily
Seawell conducted research and offered recommendations to the City of Greensboro
Police Department to develop and implement new community policing programs
designed to strengthen trust and collaboration between police officers and the
communities they serve.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Two former Atlantic City cops sentenced to two years probation for official
misconduct

BYLINE: Anjalee Khemlani, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words


Jan. 11--MAYS LANDING -- Two former Atlantic City police officers were sentenced
to two years probation Friday for official misconduct.

Sgt. Richard Halvorson, 42, who joined the department in 1989, was sentenced
after pleading guilty in November to being in uniform while using crack cocaine.

Officer Troy Maven, 32, was also sentenced to probation following his November
admission to paying a woman in return for sexual favors while on duty Aug. 17.

Official misconduct is a third-degree offense.

In Halvorson's case, Judge Michael Donio said the FBI notified the Atlantic
County Prosecutor's Office of illegal activity in Atlantic City, which led to
the investigation.

At the time, Halvorson was a member of the city's Bomb Squad.

"I'm looking forward to putting this behind me and looking forward to my
future," Halvorson said.

Donio said Maven was in uniform when he offered $40 to a woman to perform oral
sex while in his patrol car.

Both were also sentenced to 50 hours community service, and will need to submit
to urine samples and attend Alcoholics Anonymous meetings twice a week.

As a result of the guilty plea, both have forfeited any future public
employment. The forfeiture, Donio said, is a hefty price to pay and resulted in
a lower probationary period from the maximum of five.

Since neither officer had a criminal record, jail was waived, Donio said.

Contact Anjalee Khemlani:

609-272-7247

akhemlani@pressofac.com

@AnjKhem on Twitter

___ (c)2014 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140111-1AC-Two-former-Atlantic-City-cops-sentenced-to-two-years-probation-for-
official-misconduct-0111-20140111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2014 The Press of Atlantic City

                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 13, 1993, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ABUSE CASES THIN RANKS OF TEACHERS; ILLINOIS REVOCATIONS HIT RECORD

BYLINE: The Associated Press Robert Kelly and Joan Little, both of the
Post-Dispatch staff, provided some information for this story.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 787 words


Increased public willingness to report sexual misconduct has been the main
factor behind Illinois' revocation of a record number of teacher certificates
this year, education officials say.

Reports of sexual misconduct by teachers in Missouri also are on the rise, an
official says.

In Illinois, 25 certificates have been revoked this year, up from 14 last year
and surpassing the record of 24 set in 1991, said Robin Cona, assistant legal
counsel for the State Board of Education.

Pending the outcome of hearings, Illinois Education Superintendent Robert
Leininger could revoke certificates of three more teachers already under
suspension.

Increased reports of sexual misconduct increased the number of active cases in
Illinois to 72, up 50 from last year, Cona said.

"That's a startling number of new cases," she said. "But I think the reporting
is up - not the number of incidents."

Of the 72 cases pending, most involve sex-related incidents, but not always with
schoolchildren, Cona said.

She could not provide a breakdown of how many cases involved teacher misconduct
with schoolchildren, as opposed to illegal conduct off school premises.

The Navy Tailhook scandal and sexual harassment allegations against Supreme
Court Justice Clarence Thomas and Sen. Bob Packwood, R-Ore., are viewed as
contributing factors.

"Students are more aware," said Cona. "I think they think they're more likely to
be believed."

Jackie Gallagher, a spokeswoman for the Chicago Teachers Union, said union
grievance procedures haven't shown an upturn in allegations of sexual misconduct
involving teachers.

David Turner, executive director of the Illinois Principals Association, agreed
that there has not been a dramatic change in teacher behavior, but instead a
greater willingness to report sexual misconduct.

Since January, 18 certificates were revoked in Illinois, as required by law,
because the teachers were convicted of sex- or drug-related offenses.

One of the drug-related convictions involved Lawrence Simmons, a former teacher
in East St. Louis.

The sex-related offenses requiring suspension ran the gamut from indecent
exposure to aggravated criminal sexual abuse involving a minor.

Some active cases involve incidents ranging from physical abuse to embezzlement
of school funds and don't require automatic revocation of teaching credentials.

In Missouri, 45 teacher certificates have been revoked because of criminal acts
since 1979, said John Miller, director of teacher certification with the
Department of Education.

Eight of those cases involve sex crimes, he said.

"There's more of an incidence of sex abuse being reported in the last few
years," Miller said. "I think society gets all of the credit for it - the
changing awareness. People just aren't going to tolerate it."

Miller is working on 17 cases involving teaching license revocations. Six of
those involve sexual conduct, he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             July 18, 2015 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

FINALISTS NAMED FOR VACANT POLICE OMBUDSMAN POST

BYLINE: David Wasson davidw@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5148

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 415 words


The field of applicants wanting to be Spokane's next police ombudsman has been
narrowed to three finalists and includes a retired law enforcement whistleblower
from Florida, a former Southern California police officer now working as a North
Idaho private eye and a Canadian police misconduct investigator.

But with the city's police oversight panel gutted by forced resignations and the
removal of former NAACP President Rachel Dolezal, further progress will have to
wait as Spokane City Council members and Mayor David Condon evaluate potential
replacements.

City Council President Ben Stuckart said the council and the mayor are moving
quickly to get the five-member commission operational again. Currently, it has
just two members left following an investigation into mistreatment of city
staff.

Although the final hiring decision rests with the volunteer commission, the
finalists were named by a separate search committee.

According to the city, the finalists are:

Robert Breeden, a former assistant agent in charge of the Miami region of the
Florida Department of Law Enforcement who also has worked as a deputy sheriff in
rural Florida and as an officer with the Tallahassee Police Department.
According to news reports earlier this year, Breeden filed a whistleblower
complaint alleging he was forced to retire after advising his supervisors in
2013 of "gross misconduct" by the region's former top agent.

Allen Huggins, a former police captain in Costa Mesa, California, who now lives
in Coeur d'Alene and operates Paragon Investigative Services, which specializes
in personnel investigations for government agencies and other employers. His
experience also includes oversight of the Costa Mesa Police Department's
professional standards unit.

In February, Huggins was named one of five finalists for police chief in Klamath
Falls, Oregon, and in March he was one of four finalists for police chief in
Twin Falls, Idaho.

Raheel Humayun, an investigator with British Columbia's Office of the
Ombudsperson, which investigates complaints of misconduct against public
authorities. He also served as an instructor with the Justice Institute of
British Columbia and as a forensics investigator with the Royal Canadian Mounted
Police.

Spokane has been without an ombudsman since Jan. 2, when Tim Burns resigned to
take another job. He had been the city's ombudsman since 2009. The position was
created in 2008 in response to concerns about police conduct in the Otto Zehm
investigation.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Staff reporter Nina Culver contributed to this report.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Maine prison system getting tougher on sex offenses

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 444 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- The state's pursuit of a misdemeanor indecent conduct charge
against a prisoner already serving a 40-year sentence is part of a renewed
effort to crack down on sexual misconduct within the prison system.


Scott Fish, director of special projects for the Maine Department of
Corrections, said the state agency has a zero tolerance policy for sexual
misconduct.


Fish made his comment in response to questions about a criminal charge being
filed against prisoner Kerry Gray, 50, who pleaded guilty Monday in Knox County
Superior Court to one count of indecent conduct for exposing himself to another
prisoner. A jury pool had been called in Monday for jurors to be selected for
his case and one other nonrelated case. But after Gray pleaded guilty, the judge
sentenced him to serve an additional 21 days.


Gray was convicted in 2005 of gross sexual assault, attempted murder and arson
in the attack on his 76-year-old female neighbor. He was sentenced to 40 years
in prison for the offenses, which occurred in Livermore Falls.


The indecent conduct charge stems from an incident at the prison on Oct. 10.


Ryan Andersen, senior planner for the department of corrections and the agency's
compliance officer for the federal Prison Rape Elimination Act, said that for
years, prisoners have been shown a film when they arrive that discusses sexual
harassment and misconduct. Within the past two years, the film has been narrated
in English, Spanish, Somali and in sign language.


The law was enacted in 2003, but regulations that were implemented in 2012 made
it clearer what was required of prisons to comply, he said.


Among other steps taken in Maine to comply with the law are that all prisoners
are screened to determine whether they are predatory or vulnerable to sexual
misconduct. That information is used to make housing assignments, Andersen said.


The prison policy prohibits sexual contact and harassment among prisoners and
declares it as sexual misconduct.


"In summary, the Department of Corrections has a zero tolerance policy for
sexual misconduct. Accordingly, all allegations of sexual misconduct or sexual
threats will be thoroughly investigated. Any victim of sexual misconduct will be
treated in a sensitive manner with due consideration to the effects of sexual
misconduct. Furthermore, any perpetrator of a sexual misconduct incident will be
dealt with severely through discipline and/or prosecution to the fullest extent
permitted by law," the policy states.


Andersen said he only has been in his position for less than three months, but
other staffers have told him there has been a significant decline in sexual
misconduct cases at the prison.




LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Maine prison system getting tougher on sex offenses

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 444 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- The state's pursuit of a misdemeanor indecent conduct charge
against a prisoner already serving a 40-year sentence is part of a renewed
effort to crack down on sexual misconduct within the prison system.


Scott Fish, director of special projects for the Maine Department of
Corrections, said the state agency has a zero tolerance policy for sexual
misconduct.


Fish made his comment in response to questions about a criminal charge being
filed against prisoner Kerry Gray, 50, who pleaded guilty Monday in Knox County
Superior Court to one count of indecent conduct for exposing himself to another
prisoner. A jury pool had been called in Monday for jurors to be selected for
his case and one other nonrelated case. But after Gray pleaded guilty, the judge
sentenced him to serve an additional 21 days.


Gray was convicted in 2005 of gross sexual assault, attempted murder and arson
in the attack on his 76-year-old female neighbor. He was sentenced to 40 years
in prison for the offenses, which occurred in Livermore Falls.


The indecent conduct charge stems from an incident at the prison on Oct. 10.


Ryan Andersen, senior planner for the department of corrections and the agency's
compliance officer for the federal Prison Rape Elimination Act, said that for
years, prisoners have been shown a film when they arrive that discusses sexual
harassment and misconduct. Within the past two years, the film has been narrated
in English, Spanish, Somali and in sign language.


The law was enacted in 2003, but regulations that were implemented in 2012 made
it clearer what was required of prisons to comply, he said.


Among other steps taken in Maine to comply with the law are that all prisoners
are screened to determine whether they are predatory or vulnerable to sexual
misconduct. That information is used to make housing assignments, Andersen said.


The prison policy prohibits sexual contact and harassment among prisoners and
declares it as sexual misconduct.


"In summary, the Department of Corrections has a zero tolerance policy for
sexual misconduct. Accordingly, all allegations of sexual misconduct or sexual
threats will be thoroughly investigated. Any victim of sexual misconduct will be
treated in a sensitive manner with due consideration to the effects of sexual
misconduct. Furthermore, any perpetrator of a sexual misconduct incident will be
dealt with severely through discipline and/or prosecution to the fullest extent
permitted by law," the policy states.


Andersen said he only has been in his position for less than three months, but
other staffers have told him there has been a significant decline in sexual
misconduct cases at the prison.




LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 26, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Court cases raise conduct concerns

BYLINE: Laura Parker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1271 words

The star witness in a case that has been called the worst miscarriage of justice
in Texas history got all the headlines recently, after a judge found that he
lied in court in order to convict 38 people -- 36 of them black -- on drug
charges.

But the district attorney in the dusty Texas Panhandle town of Tulia knew that
undercover cop Tom Coleman was lying on the witness stand, and he did nothing to
correct the record, according to a scathing, 129-page critique of the original
trials written by a judge who reviewed the cases for a state appeals court.

Swisher County District Attorney Terry McEachern's silence, as well as his
failure to turn over information that could have discredited Coleman, meant that
"it would be a travesty of justice to permit the convictions to stand," retired
Dallas judge Ron Chapman said in his report. Last week, Chapman ordered that 12
of the defendants be released from prison.

The Tulia case is an extreme example of prosecutorial misconduct, which legal
analysts say is not as rare as it should be in America's criminal justice
system. It is virtually impossible to quantify how often misconduct occurs. But
analysts say prosecutors mischaracterize, conceal or tamper with evidence, make
inflammatory remarks or behave improperly in court often enough to cause
concern.


Two recent research projects have shed light on the problem:

 * The Center for Public Integrity, an ethics watchdog group in Washington
studied more than 11,000 cases involving alleged prosecutorial misconduct since
1970. The group found that in more than 2,000 of the cases, convictions were
reversed or reduced because of misconduct. The study found a pattern of
misconduct by local prosecutors in nearly every state.

"Year after year, there is conduct that either leads to a new trial for a guilty
person, which uses public resources and sabotages confidence in the system, or
leads to conviction of an innocent person," says Steve Weinberg, who oversaw the
study.

 * The Innocence Project, which uses DNA testing to try to exonerate convicted
felons, found that 34 of the first 70 defendants it had helped to exonerate had
been subject to prosecutorial misconduct. Peter Neufeld, co-founder of the
project, says DNA testing has provided a window through which prosecutors'
conduct can be examined closely. "But I assure you, it hasn't just happened in
these cases," he says.

Even critics in the defense bar agree that the vast majority of criminal
prosecutions are conducted properly, by honest prosecutors who abide by a strict
code of ethics. But the justice system is one of those arenas, like medicine or
airline safety, in which even the smallest percentage of mistakes can produce
catastrophic results. The courts consider prosecutorial misconduct such a
serious breach that they say it should never occur.

"A prosecutor has a higher calling than just to win. He's got a duty to do
justice," says Ted Killory, a commercial litigator in Washington who worked on
the appeals of the Tulia defendants. "It's essential for our system to work that
prosecutors not be just about racking up wins."

And yet, certain prosecutors, focused on winning, sometimes cross the ethical
line. Some who campaigned for office by touting their conviction rates succumb
to the pressure to keep up with their statistics. Most of the time, defense
lawyers and prosecutors say, prosecutors who bend the rules believe the
defendant is guilty and want to put him in prison, even if the evidence isn't
totally persuasive.

Joshua Marquis, district attorney for Clatsop County in Astoria, Ore., and a
board member of the National District Attorney's Association, dismisses the
theory about overzealous prosecutors who bend the rules as spin from the defense
bar. He says prosecutorial misconduct is "more episodic than epidemic."

"We're all seeking a zero error rate," he says. "Is it realistic to expect it?
Absolutely not."

He says prosecutors who misbehave are sanctioned by state bar associations.

"A fair trial is not only guaranteed to the defendant but to the people of the
state," Marquis says. "The lawyer for the people has to be able to zealously
prosecute the case, and that means ethically they have to be zealous, too."

The study by the Center for Public Integrity is one of the most comprehensive to
date. Weinberg headed a team that spent three years researching 11,458 appellate
court decisions in all 2,341 state prosecutor jurisdictions in the country. The
team did not examine federal prosecutors' conduct.

In the cases studied, 223 prosecutors were cited by judges for two or more
instances of misconduct. Two prosecutors were disbarred for mishandling cases.

"Prosecutors are the last sacred cow," Weinberg says. "They are unaccountable.
Who is the boss of the prosecutor? You could say the voters, but in most
jurisdictions, most voters can't name the prosecutor."

In Texas, Coleman faces trial this fall on perjury charges. McEachern has not
been sanctioned for his role in the Tulia convictions.

In the end, McEachern may answer only to the voters. He has been in office since
1982. The Texas Bar Association will not say whether it is investigating him.
The bar has the authority to suspend him or strip him of his law license.

The original Tulia criminal cases are being reviewed by the Texas Court of
Criminal Appeals. If the court recommends new trials, special prosecutor Rod
Hobson says he will dismiss the charges because they are based entirely on
Coleman's testimony.

Coleman worked alone for 18 months in Tulia and infiltrated a local drug ring in
the town's black neighborhood. He kept no written records, wore no wire, filmed
no video, produced no other witnesses or corroborating evidence. No drugs,
paraphernalia or money were seized during the arrests. Without his testimony,
the cases would have collapsed.

It is not clear precisely how much McEachern knew about Coleman's background
before he put him on the witness stand.

But in his report, Judge Chapman noted that McEachern "knew or should have
known" that Coleman had a reputation for dishonesty, had fled bad debts, had
been arrested for theft, had walked off previous law enforcement jobs and was
considered untrustworthy by law enforcement officials in other counties. That
information should have been provided to defense lawyers, Chapman wrote, but it
was not.

McEachern did not respond to a telephone request for an interview. His assistant
says he has been referring calls to Hobson, the special prosecutor.

During one trial in July 2000, Coleman testified that he had never been
arrested. In fact, he had been arrested in 1998 for allegedly stealing gasoline.


According to his own affidavit, McEachern was aware of the arrest before any of
the original Tulia defendants was indicted. During one of the trials in 2000,
McEachern said he participated in Coleman's background check.

He also defended Coleman in court, noting in one of the trials that Coleman had
been named Texas' outstanding law enforcement officer of the year in 2000. "If
you can't believe him, well, then who can you believe?" McEachern was quoted as
saying at the time.

In his deposition three months ago, McEachern said he did not participate in the
background check.

A recent hearing to reconsider four of the original Tulia convictions was halted
when two special prosecutors appointed to handle the case agreed with defense
lawyers that Coleman lied on the stand and that the defendants should be
released.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Henry Bargas, Amarillo Globe-News, via AP; PHOTO, B/W,
Michael Schumacher, Amarillo Globe-News, via AP; GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (MAP);
In Tulia, Texas: Gary Garner, left, with Friends of Justice, a group that
advocates changes in the Texas justice system, and Joe Welton Moore leave court
June 16. Moore was released after testimony that helped convict him was
discredited. <>Coleman: Arrives at court in Tulia for an evidentiary hearing in
March.

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           December 18, 2007 Tuesday

Defense: Student didn't 'owe' ex-professor sex

BYLINE: By Edith Brady-Lunny;eblunny@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 487 words


BLOOMINGTON - In the context of a former Illinois State University professor who
helped a student obtain work, the phrase "you owe me" did not include sex, the
defense attorney for the professor argued Monday.

Michael Forbes, 34, was charged with two counts of official misconduct for
allegedly convincing an undergraduate student to perform a sex act on him on
April 26, 2006, as payment for his help in arranging musical performances. He
resigned his ISU post in May 2006 and now works as a cab driver and part-time
bartender in Wisconsin.

A McLean County bench trial that started Oct. 25 continued Monday into one count
of official misconduct. Prosecutors earlier dismissed one count.

Forbes is scheduled to answer questions when he resumes the witness stand today.

The former music professor said Monday that the student initiated flirtatious
conduct with him after the two performed together at several music gigs outside
the university. In March 2006, Forbes said he got into the woman's car after a
rehearsal with the intention of talking to her about her behavior.

"She had been extremely flirtatious during rehearsal. I decided to talk to her
about it," said Forbes. After getting into the car, "one thing led to another,"
said Forbes, and the two kissed and hugged.

In a police interview played in court Monday, Forbes characterized the
relationship as "two people who were attracted to one another, wanted to fool
around, and did."

Forbes said a conversation between ISU Police Detective Don Knapp and officials
at a North Carolina university resulted in cancellation of a contract he was
offered last year with the university.

Defense lawyer John Prior told Judge Kevin Fitzgerald that the state did not
meet its burden on the charge. Any government employee could end up in a similar
situation, facing criminal charges after a breakup, said Prior.

"The danger in this type of situation is that anyone can allege official
misconduct if the relationship goes sour. As long as you have a government job,
you can be targeted for misconduct on skimpy evidence," said Prior.

The professor and his student were adults when the alleged incident occurred,
Prior argued.

Assistant State's Attorney Jane Foster said the woman, who was 21 at the time,
went along with Forbes because she was fearful of his influence on her grade.

The woman "testified that she believed he could affect her grade and success at
the university," said Foster.

Forbes, a former assistant professor of tuba and euphonium in the School of
Music, contends he did not teach or supervise the student. He admitted he
arranged for the woman to perform at several events outside the university.

Forbes, who is married, also hired the student to baby-sit for his child.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph

                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Board finds Fort Bragg soldier guilty of misconduct, recommends separation that
allows health care

BYLINE: Greg Barnes, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 255 words


Oct. 09--A three-member board is recommending that Fort Bragg Staff Sgt. Joshua
Eisenhauer be separated from the Army under a general discharge with honorable
conditions.

The board found that Eisenhauer was guilty of misconduct, but the recommended
separation would make him eligible for health care through the Department of
Veterans Affairs.

Eisenhauer was sentenced Aug. 6 in Cumberland County Superior Court to between
10 and 18 years in prison for shooting at Fayetteville police and firefighters
from his apartment on Jan. 12, 2012.

The three-member board, which convened Thursday on Fort Bragg and continued
meeting today, had to decide if Eisenhauer was guilty of misconduct, whether he
should be separated from the Army, and, if so, under what grade of service.

The board's decision will be recommended to the commanding general of the 18th
Airborne Corps and Fort Bragg.

Eisenhauer, 34, is in Pender Correctional Institution and did not attend the
hearing. He was represented by lawyers Todd Conormon and Mark Waple.

The lawyers were fighting for the Army to provide Eisenhauer medical care for
the rest of his life. They contend that Eisenhauer was so wracked by PTSD that
he suffered a flashback and thought he was shooting at Afghan insurgents -- not
at police and firefighters -- from his Austin Creek apartment in west
Fayetteville.

- Greg Barnes

___ (c)2015 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151009-FY-Board-finds-Fort-Bragg-soldier-guilty-of-misconduct
-recommends-separation-that-allows-health-care-1009-20151009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2015 The Fayetteville Observer

                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 17, 2001 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Attorney in New Jersey Is Cleared of Misconduct Charges

BYLINE:  By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section D; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, OCT. 16


The Justice Department has cleared the United State's attorney's office in New
Jersey of allegations of professional misconduct made this year by the Bergen
County prosecutor.

The prosecutor, William H. Schmidt, had accused the office of Robert J. Cleary,
the United States attorney, of misconduct and said it displayed bad judgment in
using a man accused of being a brothel owner as an informant during an
investigation into allegations of police corruption in Lodi.

"Based on the results of our investigation," wrote H. Marshall Jarrett, counsel
to the Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility, "we concluded
that Prosecutor Schmidt's allegations were unsubstantiated and that none of the
assistant United States attorneys involved in the Lodi Police Department
investigation engaged in professional misconduct or exercised poor judgment.".

Mr. Cleary said he was glad the "whole sorry chapter is behind us" and that
"Schmidt's groundless accusations have been determined to be a complete
fiction." He added that the findings had vindicated the reputations of Assistant
United States Attorney Treby Williams and former Special Assistant United States
Attorney Robert Holmsen as "public servants who are beyond reproach."

Mr. Schmidt, who hinted when he filed charges in April that federal
investigators had shielded the subject of a prostitution investigation, released
a statement yesterday in which he said his office was too busy dealing with
"anthrax concerns" and outgrowths of the World Trade Center attack to comment.

"The Bergen County Prosecutor's Office is working in full cooperation with the
Federal Bureau of Investigation and the United States attorney's office, dealing
with the emergency that has existed since the disaster on Sept. 11," he said in
the statement. "Now is not the time to highlight or dwell upon our differences.
Rather, it is time to unite for the common welfare of our citizens."

In April, Mr. Schmidt moved to dismiss charges made in 1999 against a former
employee of the Ultima Spa, Millie Nevin, who was accused of fabricating charges
that the spa was a prostitution establishment. At that time, Mr. Schmidt also
moved to dismiss charges against Lt. Vincent Caruso of the Lodi Police
Department, who had been accused of threatening the life of the spa owner, Luke
Hoffman.

Mr. Schmidt speculated in April that the charges against the two were a result
of pressure on local officials from federal investigators seeking to protect Mr.
Hoffman, who he thought was an informant for federal investigators.

Mr. Schmidt's statement did not mention the charges against Mr. Hoffman. Mr.
Hoffman's lawyer, Robert G. Rosenberg, said his client denied the prostitution
charges.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company

                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Oakland police scandal timeline: Another officer placed on leave

BYLINE: Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 802 words


Here is a timeline of events in the Oakland police sexual-misconduct scandal:

May 7-13: It is revealed that three Oakland police offers have been placed on
paid leave, months after Officer Brendan O'Brien committed suicide and left a
note implicating officers in a sexual-misconduct scandal involving a teenage
girl who goes by the alias Celeste Guap. Guap, the daughter of an Oakland police
dispatcher, allegedly had sex with some officers while she was underage.

May 16: A fourth Oakland officer is placed on leave as part of the scandal.

May 18: Police department announces that two of the four officers on leave have
resigned. The officers are later identified as Terryl Smith and James Ta'ai, who
both graduated from the Oakland police academy in 2014.

May 23: Alameda County Sheriff's Office opens an internal affairs investigation
into comments a deputy left on the Facebook page of Guap; he is later cleared of
wrongdoing. A candidate for an Alameda County judge seat distances himself from
Guap when asked why she was listed among his friends on Facebook.

June 9: A criminal investigation into Smith's involvement in the scandal ends in
no charges being filed against him. Sean Whent abruptly resigns as police chief.

June 10: Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf names Ben Fairow, a deputy chief at BART who
began his career at OPD, interim police chief to replace Whent, who resigned the
previous day.

June 11: Guap says in an interview that she had sex with two dozen current and
former officers from departments throughout the East Bay, including Richmond,
Livermore and the Alameda County Sheriff's Office. Sources say that Oakland
police's botched handling of the investigation is what precipitated Chief
Whent's sudden departure at the behest of the federal monitor overseeing the
department.

June 12: A fifth Oakland officer is placed on leave in the scandal.

June 13: A Contra Costa County sheriff's deputy is placed on administrative
leave following allegations that he had sex with Guap when she was underage.

June 15: Mayor Schaaf fires Fairow after less than a week on the job, saying
information had come to light that "caused me to lose confidence in Ben Fairow's
ability to lead the Oakland Police Department at this particular moment." BART
police chief discloses that, while married, Fairow had "a personal relationship
with a consenting adult more than a decade ago, none of which precludes him from
serving as a sworn law enforcement officer or as one of my deputy chiefs."
Rainey says he welcomes Fairow back to the BART force. Alameda County District
Attorney Nancy O'Malley announces that a DA inspector has been placed on
administrative leave in the case, and San Francisco police announce they are
reviewing whether any of their officers have been involved with Guap.

June 16: A sergeant, identified as Mike Gantt, is placed on leave as part of an
investigation into whether he mishandled a homicide case. Sources say he is
accused of leaving evidence at the home of a girlfriend who would also do his
investigative paperwork.

June 17: Paul Figueroa, who had been assistant chief, steps down as acting
police chief after two days on the job and takes a leave of absence, with plans
to return to the lower rank of captain. Schaaf places City Adminisrator Sabrina
Landreth in charge of the department and pledges to root out a "toxic, macho
culture." A new investigation is launched into accusations that several
African-American commanders had sent racist text messages to each other. Schaaf
declares, "I'm here to run a police force, not a frat house."

June 20: OPD announces that another officer has been placed on leave for a
matter unrelated to the sex scandal, and Alameda County District Attorney Nancy
O'Malley's office announces that a second DA inspector has been placed on
administrative leave, also unrelated to the scandal. It's revealed that Gantt,
the officer on leave for allegedly mishandling the homicide case, was previously
fired by the department on grounds that he impeded a rape investigation. He
later won back his job through arbitration. State's Peace Officer Standards and
Training office questions legality of Schaaf appointing the city administrator
to oversee the department without an acting chief.

June 22: The City Council votes to delay a planned 2017 police academy until an
audit of the department's recruitment and training policies is completed. City
leaders hire a private investigator in an attempt to quash leaks and find out
who has been sharing police personnel information with media.

June 23: Alameda County District Attorney's Office clears Gantt of any criminal
wrongdoing. The department found that Gantt had his girlfriend transcribe
certain audio recordings off CDs in cases he was working, which does not violate
any criminal statutes, the department found.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 21, 2007 Friday

Priest living at Bellarmine moved after alleged sexual misconduct in Washington

BYLINE: By Kim Vo Mercury News

SECTION: RELIGION; Lifestyle; News; Crime; Breaking

LENGTH: 326 words


A Jesuit priest living at Bellarmine College Preparatory in San Jose has been
moved after religious leaders learned he is being investigated "for an alleged
recent incident of sexual misconduct with a minor while on a pastoral
assignment," according to a letter Bellarmine's president sent to parents,
faculty and alumni.

Father Carlton Whitten, who is semi-retired, had been living part-time on the
Bellarmine campus, though he was not teaching at the elite school. Instead, the
priest recently worked throughout the western states, filling in for priests on
sabbatical or vacation.

It was during one of those assignments in Washington that the alleged misconduct
occurred, said Father Al Naucke, socius with the Jesuits California province.

A bishop in Washington informed the California province. Leaders alerted
Bellarmine on Wednesday.

An officer with the White Salmon police department confirmed that they were
investigating Whitten, but would not say the nature of allegations. He referred
all questions to the town's police chief, who won't be back on duty until
Sunday.

Whitten taught at Bellarmine from 1955 to 1958, when he was a scholastic, or
seminarian. He served there as a priest from 1965 to 1972.

Before going into semi-retirement, he worked as an associate pastor at St. Agnes
Church in San Francisco, Naucke said.

Naucke said he didn't know if Whitten had been assigned to any parishes in the
Diocese of San Jose. There's no centralized office that tracks short-term
assignments, he said.

The diocese spokeswoman was not immediately available for comment.

More than a dozen Jesuits live on the 19-acre Bellarmine campus. While a
majority teach there, others use it as their living quarters and are assigned
elsewhere. Whitten, who lived at Bellarmine for the past four years, has since
been moved to Sacred Heart, the Jesuit center in Los Gatos. He has been removed
from active ministry.

Contact Kim Vo at kvo@mercurynews.com or call (408) 920-5719.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             July 14, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS SOUTH CAROLINA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 400 words


City councilman faces criminal charges

COLUMBIA - Embattled Charleston City Councilman Kwadjo Campbell has been
indicted on three charges involving campaign contributions and misconduct in
office, the state attorney general's office said Wednesday.

Mr. Camp-bell, 33, an outspoken voice for minorities in Charleston, was charged
with failing to deposit contributions into a campaign account, accepting an
illegal contribution and misconduct in office, state Attorney General Henry
McMaster said in a statement.

Mr. Campbell accepted campaign contributions above the legal limit, failed to
keep proper contribution records and filed false disclosure reports with the
State Ethics Commission, according to the indictment.

If convicted of misconduct in office, he would face as much as 10 years in
prison and a $5,000 fine.

Congressman predicts additions to base

SUMTER - U.S. Rep. John Spratt predicts the Pentagon's plans to add forces to
Shaw Air Force Base and McEntire Joint National Guard Station will remain
intact.

The base closing commission is reviewing the plans, which were announced in May,
and might make changes to other sections, the South Carolina Democrat said in a
speech this week to the Sumter Rotary Club.

Under those plans, the Pentagon said it would move the 3rd Army headquarters
from Fort McPherson in Georgia to Shaw, requiring the addition to the area of
about 800 service members. The plans also call for expanding McEntire's mission,
and having active duty Air Force pilots and mechanics trained by the South
Carolina Air National Guard.

Stamp will feature artist's painting

COLUMBIA - One in a series of U.S. postage stamps commemorating the civil rights
era was created by a South Carolina artist.

The stamps, which use art created by blacks, will go public in August.

One of the stamps, representing the integration of the military, is an image by
the late painter William Henry Johnson, of Florence.

Club owner charged in death of patron

COLUMBIA - The owner of an Orangeburg County nightclub has been charged with
murder in a shooting death at the club last weekend, sheriff's deputies said.

Matthew Jenkins, 19, died after he was shot in the head at A Touch of Class in
Eutawville early Saturday, Lt. Rhonda Bamberg said.

Andrae King, 29, was charged Monday with murder, assault and battery with intent
to kill and possession of a gun during a violent crime.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CAROLINA BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation

                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Sledge attorney accused of misconduct

BYLINE: Erin Smith, Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


May 13--RALEIGH -- The North Carolina State Bar is accusing Attorney Christine
Mumma, the lead counsel for Joseph Sledge, of misconduct.

In the complaint filed this week, Mumma is alleged to have collected DNA
evidence and not telling anyone how she obtained it, according to the complaint.
The incident is alleged to have occurred in 2013 while she was representing
Sledge.

Mumma, who serves as executive director and legal counsel for the North Carolina
Center on Actual Innocence in Durham, represented Sledge as he fought to have
his 1978 conviction for the murders of Josephine and Aileen Davis.

According to the Bladen Journal archives, Josephine Davis and her daughter
Aileen Davis lived near Elizabethtown on N.C. 242 when the crimes occurred. On
Monday, Sept. 6, 1976, the two were murdered in their home and Aileen Davis had
also been raped.

The trial was moved to Columbus County due to pre-trial publicity and, in 1978,
Sledge was convicted of the crimes.

Sledge had maintained his innocence throughout his 37 years in prison. His
conviction was overturned in January 2015 with the help of Mumma and the NC
Innocence Inquiry Commission.

According to the state bar complaint, Sledge obtained a court order in 2003 to
test DNA evidence from the crime scene because DNA testing of evidence was not
available in 1978. In January 2005, Sledge contacted the NCCAI for assistance in
getting the 2003 court order enforced. According to the complaint, NCCAI agreed
to help and Mumma became Sledge's attorney on behalf of the NCCAI.

According to the state bar complaint, in 2013, the complaint alleges Mumma
visited the home of a relative of two brothers who were possible suspects in the
crime in order to attempt to obtain DNA which could be tested against evidence
from the Davis crime scene. According to the state bar complaint, Mumma believed
the DNA evidence would bolster Sledge's case.

The woman expressed concerns "that Mumma was looking for a 'scapegoat'" and
refused to give a DNA sample, according to the complaint. Mumma left the woman's
house with a half-empty bottle of water and got to her car when Mumma realized
she had left her own water bottle in the car, according to the compliant.

According to the state bar's complaint, Mumma did not return the water bottle to
the house, but instead took it with her to decide whether or not to submit it
for testing.

According to the complaint, Mumma did learn what needed to be done to preserve
DNA evidence and she submitted the water bottle for testing.

The North Carolina Innocence Inquiry Commission was also working on the case
and, according to the complaint, and had obtained court orders for the DNA which
when tested did not match the crime scene DNA.

According to the state bar's complaint, Mumma continued pursuing the family and
contacted the woman again asking whether or not anyone else was in the house
during Mumma's visit without revealing to the family why she needed to know the
information.

Mumma stands accused of "using methods of obtaining evidence that violate the
legal rights of a third person," "engaging in conduct involving dishonesty,
fraud, deceit, or misrepresentation" and "conduct that is prejudicial to the
administration of justice."

A hearing on the complaint is scheduled for Aug. 7.

___ (c)2015 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150513-1BL-Sledge-attorney-accused-of-misconduct-0513-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


               Copyright 2015 Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

New Jersey: Ex-Paterson School Official Sentenced to Prison for Having School
District Hire Her Own Company and Fraudulently Overbilling District

LENGTH: 696  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Office of Attorney General, The State of New Jersey has issued the following
news release:

Acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman announced that a former Paterson school
district employee was sentenced to prison today for having the school district
hire her own company to organize conferences for district parents, without
disclosing her financial interest in the company, and fraudulently overbilling
the district by more than $190,000.

Anna N. Taliaferro, 76, formerly of Paterson and currently of Virginia Beach,
Virginia, was sentenced to five years in state prison without possibility of
parole by Superior Court Judge Raymond A. Reddin. Judge Reddin ordered her to
forfeit her entire public pension, and she is permanently barred from public
office or employment. The judge ordered her to surrender to custody on June 5.

On Dec. 26, 2013, following a three-month trial, a Passaic County jury found
Taliaferro guilty of second-degree charges of official misconduct, pattern of
official misconduct, misconduct by a corporate official and theft by deception,
as well as third-degree charges of tampering with public records or information
and forgery.

Deputy Attorney General Veronica Allende tried the case and handled the
sentencing for the Division of Criminal Justice Corruption Bureau.

"Taliaferro held herself out as someone with a strong interest in helping
students and their parents, both in her school position in Paterson and her
leadership of a nonprofit corporation," said Acting Attorney General Hoffman.
"But instead she deviously used those positions to serve her own selfish
interests, stealing taxpayer funds. We deal sternly with this type of abuse of
the public's trust."

"This prison sentence should serve as a powerful warning to anyone who would
misappropriate school funding to the detriment of New Jersey's schoolchildren,"
said Director Elie Honig of the Division of Criminal Justice. "We will continue
to work closely with the Department of Education to uncover and prosecute such
official misconduct in our public schools."

Prior to her retirement in 2008, Taliaferro was employed by the Paterson School
District as the district-wide coordinator of the Paterson Resource Center. Her
duties included organizing and managing programs for Paterson parents, including
annual taxpayer-funded conferences that focused on teaching participants how to
be better advocates for their children.

Taliaferro also was the president of a nonprofit corporation, New Jersey
Association of Parent Coordinators (NJAPC). The state's investigation revealed
that Taliaferro "outsourced" the task of organizing annual conferences for
Paterson parents to NJAPC, while submitting annual ethics disclosure statements
falsely certifying that she did not have any financial interest in any entity
contracted by the Paterson Board of Education. Taliaferro created the false
impression that NJAPC was an independent corporation.

The state presented testimony and evidence at trial that Taliaferro unlawfully
ran the nonprofit on district time using Paterson School District employees and
resources. She, in effect, charged the district through NJAPC for doing what the
district already was paying her to do as coordinator of the Paterson Resource
Center.

Taliaferro also fraudulently overbilled the Paterson School District through
NJAPC. The state's investigation revealed that she overbilled the district by,
among other things, overbilling for incidental expenses of conference
participants, such as telephone charges; and failing to reimburse the district
when NJAPC received large reductions in food bills at hotels where conferences
were held, after the district had paid the original bills in full. The
investigation revealed that Taliaferro fraudulently overbilled the district by
more than $190,000 through NJAPC.

The investigation was conducted by Sgt. Warren Monroe, Sgt. James Scott, Sgt.
Thomas Culp, Detective Robyn Greene, Analyst Kathleen Ratliff and retired Deputy
Attorney General Richard Queen. The investigation began when the Department of
Education referred the matter to the Division of Criminal Justice.

For further information please visit: http://www.state.nj.us/

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                          February 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 545 words


Jurors reject Zoloft defense, convict teen

CHARLESTON, S.C. - Christopher Pittman, who claimed the antidepressant Zoloft
drove him to kill his sleeping grandparents with a shotgun when he was 12 years
old, was convicted of two counts of murder and sentenced to 30 years in prison
Tuesday.

Mr. Pittman, now 15 and being tried as an adult, hung his head as the verdict
was read after about six hours of jury deliberations.

Thirty years was the minimum sentence Circuit Court Judge Danny Pieper could
give; the maximum was life.

Later, Joe Pittman called on Gov. Mark Sanford and President Bush to pardon his
son. He urged the officials to "give my son the benefit of the doubt."

Founder of Healthdyne gives school $5 million

ATLANTA - An Atlanta philanthropist is donating $5 million to Georgia State
University for a new science building, university officials said Tuesday.

The gift is from Parker H. "Pete" Petit, the founder of Healthdyne.

He served as its chairman and chief executive officer until 1996, when the
company was split into three public corporations.

He then became chairman of the board of the new entities: Healthdyne
Technologies, Healthdyne Information Enterprises and Matria Healthcare.

Coach is accused of sexual misconduct

DECATUR, GA. - A high school football coach has been arrested and accused of
sexual misconduct with two students at the school.

Johnny Gilbert, the head football coach at McNair High School, was taken to the
DeKalb County jail Monday

The 35-year-old is accused of sexual misconduct with a male and female student,
both younger than 17, a spokesman for the school district said.

Deputy Superintendent Garry McGiboney said Mr. Gilbert is charged with two
counts each of child molestation, enticing a child for indecent purposes and
sexual contact of a person in custody or control.

Pair is arrested after man's body is found

JEFFERSONVILLE, GA. - A woman and another man have been arrested after her
ex-husband's dismembered and partially burned body was found.

Bobby Gene Wagner's body was found beside an abandoned house in a wooded area
just north of Jeffersonville, Twiggs County Sheriff Darren Mitchum said. His
head, arms and legs had been removed with a machete and a hatchet, Sheriff
Mitchum said.

Mr. Wagner's ex-wife, Crystal Mae Wagner, 24, and Shay Alan Morey, also 24, were
charged with murder.

Coast Guard calls off search for fisherman

CHARLESTON, S.C. - The Coast Guard suspended its search Tuesday for a commercial
fisherman from Jacksonville, Fla., who was reported overboard 50 miles off the
South Carolina coast.

The crew of the 31-foot Can Do II radioed for help at about 2 a.m. Monday, the
Coast Guard said.

The boat and the remaining crew were quickly located, said Sean Shrum, the
civilian search and rescue controller with Coast Guard Group Charleston.

A helicopter, cutter and rescue boat from Charleston's Coast Guard station were
later joined by an HC-130 Hercules airplane from the Coast Guard station in
Clearwater, Fla. Coast Guard crews searched more than 1,100 square nautical
miles over 34 hours before ending the search at about noon Tuesday.

The name of the missing 51-year-old man was not released.

While the boat is based in Jacksonville, it operates out of Georgetown, the
Coast Guard said.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: REGION BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation

                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 9, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Packwood denies new accusation of harassment

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 327 words


Sen. Bob Packwood on Tuesday called the latest charge of sexual misconduct
against him ''an outrageous lie'' as a new poll showed an overwhelming majority
of people - 81% - believe he should resign from the Senate if he in fact did
make improper sexual advances toward several women.

Responding to new allegations that he fondled a 13-year-old girl in 1973,
Packwood said in a statement, ''This whole thing has become ludicrous.''

Tuesday's comment was the first time Packwood, who will be investigated by the
Senate ethics committee, has denied any of numerous allegations of sexual
misconduct.

After The Washington Post on Nov. 22 reported allegations from 10 women, the
five-term Republican from Oregon apologized but didn't explicitly admit to - or
deny - accusations.

Packwood, who last week checked out of a Minnesota alcohol treatment center
after a one-week evaluation, has refused to answer questions but said Tuesday he
would hold a news conference ''later this week.''

The latest allegation, made after the USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll was taken, came
from Tiffany Work, 32, a Springfield, Ore., accountant. She told The Oregonian
Packwood fondled her buttocks in 1973 when she was 13 and working as a model
distributing campaign literature for him at a party. But she added, ''Nobody
should be punished for something 20 years ago.''

The poll found 54% doubtful the ethics committee will conduct a ''fair
investigation ... against a fellow senator.'' The Dec. 4-6 poll of 1,005 adults
has a margin of error of 3 points.

''Many people feel institutions are reluctant to investigate themselves and
still are prepared to turn a blind eye,'' says Helen Neuborne of the NOW Legal
Defense and Education Fund. People are skeptical of the male-dominated Senate,
she says, because members failed to properly investigate sexual harassment
allegations from Oklahoma law professor Anita Hill against Supreme Court Justice
Clarence Thomas in 1991.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: PACKWOOD: 'An outrageous lie'

CONGRESS

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Reducing abuse of the flying public

BYLINE: The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 505 words



HIGHLIGHT: GAO notes rising level of misconduct by TSA employees; root causes
may be neglected.


 Since the fateful day, nearly a dozen years ago, when terrorists commandeered
U.S. jetliners and used them to attack both the World Trade Center and the
Pentagon, the men and women who screen airline passengers at airports have been
under intense scrutiny.

And though the nation's transportation security officers have often been the
target of public ridicule, with even President Obama making a joke at their
expense in his 2011 State of the Union message, there has been no recurrence of
the catastrophic failure of airport security that resulted in the worst-ever
terror attack in U.S. history.

Nevertheless, we cannot ignore the recent disquieting report by the Government
Accountability Office, which documented a 26 percent increase in misconduct
among employees of the federal Transportation Security Administration during
2010-12.

In roughly a third of the cases involved, a TSA employee was either late for
work or failed to report for work. A quarter of cases involved screening and
security failures or neglect of duty resulting in losses or careless
inspections. And a tenth of cases concerned inappropriate comments or abusive
behavior.

Of those categories, the flying public is mostly concerned about the third,
because it involves mistreatment of air travelers at the hands of TSA officers
operating under color of authority.

Indeed, in May, a TSA agent at Lindbergh Field in San Diego was accused of
groping a young woman in her "groin area" during a pat-down. The young woman has
posted a YouTube video of her experience.

Then there are the two TSA employees who pled guilty last year to stealing
$40,000 from a checked bag at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport. That followed
a 2011 guilty plea by a TSA agent who admitted stealing as much as $30,000 from
travelers at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey.

In a recent interview with CNN, Rep. John Mica, R-Fla., who requested the GAO
report, suggested that the document may have understated the cases of misconduct
by TSA employees. "There's not even a proper way to properly report some of
these offenses," he said, "so this may be just the tip of the iceberg."

Well, we share that concern.

But we also agree with Kip Hawley, who headed TSA from 2005-09, who criticized
that the GAO report primarily concerned itself with how to "strengthen oversight
of allegations of employee misconduct," when it ought to have concerned itself
with how best to address the "controversial root causes of the actual misconduct
."

Among other changes in how TSA handles airport security, Mr. Hawley suggested
that it discontinue intrusive pat-downs in favor of a lighter technique. He also
suggested that the list of "prohibited items" be "radically reduced" to focus on
real security threats, like explosives and toxins.

Perhaps his very best suggestion is that the federal government "allow real
private-sector innovation to compete and play a more meaningful role in
security." Indeed, we believe there is much TSA can glean from the nation's
leading private security firms.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chapel Hill News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2011 Sunday

Pediatrician accused of sexual misconduct left suicide note

BYLINE: Jesse James DeConto, The Chapel Hill News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Feb. 27--CHAPEL HILL -- Mel Levine, 71, a nationally renowned pediatrician
accused of sexual misconduct with boy patients beginning in the 1960s, left a
suicide note before he was found dead last week.

The Orange County Sheriff's Office responded to Levine's home in Rougemont after
a call from his wife just after midnight Friday. The sheriff's report does not
list a cause of death or tell where Levine's body was found but says his wife
had last seen him Feb. 12.

The N.C. state medical examiner's office is investigating Levine's death.
Law-enforcement agencies can ask the medical examiner, based at UNC-Chapel Hill,
to examine the body of anyone who dies suddenly or unexpectedly.

Barbara Levine found the note last Thursday night, according to the sheriff's
report, the same day 30 former patients filed a class-action lawsuit against
Levine in Massachusetts. He is accused of unnecessarily examining boy patients'
genitals since the 1960s in Massachusetts and North Carolina. In 2009, he agreed
to cease practicing medicine but denied the claims against him.

The lawyer who represents the plaintiffs in Massachusetts, Carmen Durso, has
contacted the N.C. medical examiner's office trying to find out how Levine died.

"If in fact there was a suicide, that's very relevant to the court action we're
doing," Durso said. A suicide might be considered an "admission by conduct" in
the eyes of a jury, he said.

Durso plans to aim the suit at Levine's estate and will seek a judge's
permission to solicit 5,000 male patients who saw Levine in the 1960s, '70s and
'80s to join the class-action suit.

Durso also plans to sue Boston Children's Hospital on behalf of at least five
patients at UNC-CH, where Levine moved three years before the first lawsuit
against him surfaced in 1988. Durso said families complained about Levine's
alleged sexual abuse of their sons as early as 1967. Durso had previously sued
Levine on behalf of five individual patients between 2005 and 2008.

"If Children's Hospital had taken some action against Melvin Levine, he likely
would not have been able to go to Chapel Hill and they would not have been
abused," Durso said.

Children's Hospital released a statement saying it received only one complaint
about Levine in 20 years there, a case that later went to court and was
dismissed.

"His actions were found to be appropriate within the context of the child's
medical needs," the statement said. "Children's would not, and did not, cover up
any inappropriate conduct relating to Dr. Levine. The fact of the matter is that
except for the one complaint we investigated, no one alerted the hospital to any
concerns regarding Dr. Levine.

"If the allegations of these former patients are true, we are devastated and our
most heartfelt sympathies go out to the victims of Dr. Levine's wrongdoing."

Levine, who gained international acclaim for his work helping children with
learning difficulties, practiced pediatrics at UNC-CH for two decades and
founded the learning institute All Kinds of Minds.

To see more of The Chapel Hill News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chapelhillnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Chapel Hill News, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110227-CX-Pediatrician-accused-of-sexual-misconduct
-left-suicide-note-0227-20110227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CX


              Copyright 2011 The Chapel Hill News (North Carolina)

                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

CITY & STATE;
Former Cal dean in harassment case sues;
Sujit Choudhry, who is South Asian, claims he was subject of a second
investigation due to his race.

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 326 words

DATELINE:  SAN FRANCISCO


The former dean of UC Berkeley's law school filed a lawsuit Thursday, accusing
school officials of singling him out because of his race for a second
investigation of sexual harassment allegations.

In the federal discrimination suit filed in San Francisco, Sujit Choudhry said
the UC system treated white faculty members and administrators found to have
committed sexual misconduct more leniently while threatening him with a ban from
campus and loss of tenure.

Choudhry, who is South Asian, resigned as dean in March amid faculty outrage
that he had been allowed to remain in his position after a campus investigation
substantiated sexual harassment allegations by his executive assistant.

The assistant, Tyann Sorrell, alleged in a lawsuit that same month that her boss
had kissed, hugged and touched her repeatedly but was punished with only a
temporary pay cut and orders to undergo counseling after the investigation.

A written report from UC Berkeley's Office for the Prevention of Harassment and
Discrimination concluded that Choudhry's behavior had violated campus sexual
harassment policies.

In his lawsuit, Choudhry said officials opened a second investigation of the
same allegations of misconduct after Sorrell filed the lawsuit and reports
surfaced that the UC system had mishandled cases of serious sexual misconduct.

The lawsuit names the University of California regents and system President
Janet Napolitano. It seeks unspecified damages and a court order stopping the
second disciplinary process.

A request seeking comment from the University of California was not returned
Thursday.

Choudhry is among several Berkeley employees to face sexual harassment
allegations substantiated by the Office for the Prevention of Harassment and
Discrimination. His lawsuit says the purpose of the second investigation was to
distract from the university's failure to punish white faculty and
administrators found to have committed "appalling sexual misconduct."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: SUJIT CHOUDHRY resigned as dean of UC Berkeley's law school in
March.  PHOTOGRAPHER: Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday
                               TUE FINAL Edition

Morning Briefing

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 574 words


FLORIDA STATE'S PRESIDENT WARNS HIS FOOTBALL TEAM ABOUT MISCONDUCT

TALLAHASSEE, FLA. Florida State's president told his football team that members
must start conducting themselves appropriately after two Seminoles players were
charged with punching women.

FSU president John Thrasher said in a statement that he met with the team Monday
to reiterate that players' actions must reflect well upon the school. He said a
few players' misconduct can seriously damage FSU's reputation.

Running back Dalvin Cook was suspended last week after he was charged with
punching a woman outside a Tallahassee bar. Freshman quarterback De'Andre
Johnson was kicked off the team after video showed him punching a woman in the
face.

Two years ago a student accused Heisman Trophy winning quarterback Jameis
Winston of rape, but he wasn't charged.

* The criminal case against three former Penn State administrators accused of
covering up complaints about former assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is headed to
a state appellate courtroom next month. Pennsylvania Superior Court has
scheduled arguments in the case of Graham Spanier, Tim Curley and Gary Schultz
for Aug. 11 in Harrisburg.

O'Reilly arrested. Ontario Provincial Police charged new Buffalo Sabres forward
Ryan O'Reilly with impaired driving. The OPP said in a news release that police
were dispatched to a single motor vehicle crash July 9, where a pickup truck
struck a commercial retail building and the occupants left the vehicle.

"We are aware of the reports regarding the incident involving Ryan O'Reilly last
week," Sabres general manager Tim Murray said. "We are currently in the process
of gathering more information."

O'Reilly was traded to the Sabres by the Avalanche last month.

* The Minnesota Wild signed first round draft pick Joel Eriksson Ek to a three
year contract. Eriksson Ek was drafted by the Wild last month.

Lawsuit seeks ballpark safety san francisco An Oakland Athletics season ticket
holder asked a federal court to protect fans from flying bats and balls by
ordering Major League Baseball to extend the safety netting at its ballparks the
entire length of the foul lines.

The lawsuit filed in the Northern District of California seeks class action
status on behalf of all fans buying season tickets in unprotected areas of major
league parks. It is not asking for money; instead, it wants baseball
commissioner Rob Manfred to extend the screens that typically cover only a few
sections behind the plate so that they run from foul pole to foul pole.

Former NFL receiver missing Wylie, texas Authorities are searching for former
Houston Texans receiver JaJuan Dawson, 37, who fell out of a rented boat during
a family outing at a Dallas area lake. The Collin County Sheriff's Office said
Dawson wasn't wearing a life jacket.

Pacers sign first round pick Indianapolis Myles Turner signed a contract with
the Indiana Pacers. Turner was the No. 11 selection in the NBA draft last month.
He is expected to make about $2.4 million as a rookie.

* The Phoenix Suns signed first round draft pick Devin Booker. The 18 year old
out of Kentucky was the 13th pick overall.

* The Memphis Grizzlies and all star center Marc Gasol finalized a previously
reported five year maximum contract worth more than $100 million.

Footnote. Minnesota Lynx forward Maya Moore was named WNBA's Western Conference
player of the week. It is Moore's 11th player of the week honor of her career.
Denver Post staff and wire services

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 12, 2006 Sunday

In the Nation

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 600 words


Lawmaker guilty of misconduct

MADISON, Wis. - A former speaker of the Wisconsin Assembly was convicted
yesterday of using state employees as campaign workers after a jury rejected his
claims that it was common practice and that he thought the workers were off the
state clock.

State Rep. Scott Jensen was found guilty of three felony counts of misconduct in
office and a misdemeanor count of using his public position to benefit the
Republican Assembly Campaign Committee.

Once one of Wisconsin's most powerful lawmakers with hopes of becoming governor,
Jensen faces up to 15 years in prison and $35,000 in fines. Jensen was one of
five lawmakers charged in 2002 in a secret investigation into Capitol
corruption. The others - two Republicans and two Democrats - reached plea deals.
- APDemocrats to alter

primary schedule

WASHINGTON - Democrats agreed yesterday to a plan that would shake up their
presidential selection process by placing racially diverse states early in the
voting. They left room for plenty of debate about the details.

One or two state caucuses would be moved ahead of New Hampshire under the plan
that the Democratic Party's rules and bylaws committee accepted. Which states
would have the early caucuses was not decided.

The Iowa caucuses in January would remain the first contest for presidential
candidates. Then would come the additional caucus or caucuses, followed by the
New Hampshire primary. One or two more primaries would be added before the
calendar was opened to all states in early February.- AP

KR board meets on possible sale

The board of directors of Knight Ridder Inc., owner of The Philadelphia
Inquirer, the Philadelphia Daily News, and 30 other dailies, was scheduled to
meet today at the St. Regis Hotel in New York City to consider bids for the
company. According to published reports, McClatchy Co., which publishes a dozen
dailies, including the Sacramento Bee and the News & Observer in Raleigh, N.C.,
has emerged as the leading bidder, with a deal worth roughly $4.35 billion.

2 Border Patrol

agents arrested

SAN DIEGO - Two U.S. Border Patrol agents assigned to investigate immigrant
smugglers were arrested for allegedly releasing border-crossers in exchange for
$300,000 in cash bribes.

Mario Alvarez, 44, and Samuel McClaren, 43, released the illegal immigrants to a
smuggling ring that operates in El Centro, about 120 miles east of San Diego,
according to a federal complaint filed in January and unsealed late last week.

The agents pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court. Both were ordered held
until a detention hearing Tuesday. - AP

Elsewhere:

A house firekilled nine members of a family in eastern Tennessee, about 38 miles
north of Chattanooga, early yesterday, officials said. And in a rural area of
southwestern Indiana, a house fire yesterday killed a couple and their four
children.

U.S. Rep. Elton Gallegly (R., Calif.) abruptly announced Friday that he was
dropping his reelection bid because of a medical condition. Gallegly, 62, a
10-term veteran, offered no details on the medical condition.

A storm spreadrarely seen snow and sleet across the San Francisco Bay Area early
yesterday, and two people were killed in a 28-vehicle pileup on slippery U.S.
Highway 101 just north of the Golden Gate Bridge, authorities said.

A therapistat a children's hospital in San Diego pleaded not guilty Friday to
molesting two patients and posting child pornography on the Internet. Wayne
Bleyle, 54, was arrested Wednesday after authorities seized computers and a hard
drive at his home and found possibly more than 100,000 images of child porn, a
prosecutor said.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 17, 2004 Monday

Commentary: Handling employee misconduct and employee health conditions

BYLINE: David Cossi

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1282 words


As general counsel, you are confronted with an employee who is engaging in
misconduct. As management grows more impatient with the employee's conduct and
begins moving towards discipline, the employee announces that he has a medical
condition that is interfering with work performance. The employee claims that
the condition is the cause of the behavior that gives rise to the misconduct.
Management freezes, not knowing how to proceed. What is the most effective
employment practice for the employer to utilize to manage this risk?

Federal courts and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) are clear
when addressing disability-related employee misconduct. The Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA) does not excuse employee misconduct, even when the
employee's misconduct is due to a medical condition that rises to the level of
an ADA disability. It does not matter whether the disability is physical or
mental. It does not matter what behavior comprises the misconduct. Misconduct
involving chemical use, violence, sexual harassment or violation of other
workplace policies is not excused by a disabled employee's misconduct when
compliance with the policy constitutes an essential job function. Appropriate
discipline under these circumstances is not a violation of the ADA when certain
guidelines are followed.

First, the discipline imposed on the disabled employee must be similar to
discipline imposed on nondisabled employees for the same or similar misconduct.
Management imposes a 10-day suspension for a nondisabled employee who falls
asleep at work due to the fact she stayed out late partying the night before. If
management terminates a disabled employee, who falls asleep at work because he
did not sleep for several nights due to his depression, there will be a strong
inference of disability discrimination. Make sure you ask in these situations
whether anyone was disciplined for this or similar conduct in the past.

Second (assuming that termination is not a valid disciplinary action for the
misconduct), the disabled employee has rights to reasonable accommodation even
though disciplined. For example, a disabled employee falls asleep while working
and receives a 10-day suspension. When that employee returns to work, he has
rights to reasonable accommodation due to workplace barriers caused by the
disability. This could take the form of a request for time off to recover. It
may be a request for a partition to keep the distraction of work activity to a
minimum. Supervisors often make the mistake of denying such requests without
consideration because they see it as just one more irresponsible act by the
employee and/or that employees on probation lose their rights to make such
requests. This does not mean that the requested accommodation is reasonable or
does not constitute an undue hardship. It does mean that the employer needs to
engage in the process of reasonable accommodation before making that
determination.

Most importantly, move forward in a timely and responsible fashion with the
disciplinary process. Halting that process for several weeks, or even months as
I have seen on occasion, may create an unnecessary legal liability. Employees
who make claims of discrimination must allege enough facts to establish a prima
facie case of discrimination. An employee who alleges wrongful discipline due to
his disability (depression) because he fell asleep during work may be able to
establish this prima facie case by alleging that the discipline is due to the
disability. The employer can rebut that presumption by showing that it acted not
on the disability but pursuant to a neutral (not disability-related) workplace
policy that prohibits sleeping on the job. The employee's case is dismissed
because he cannot show that the reason offered by the employer (enforcement of a
neutral policy) is a pretext (excuse) for the real reason - disability
discrimination.

When there is an unreasonable time gap between the misconduct and imposition of
the discipline by the employer, the discipline appears to be temporally
unrelated to the misconduct. The employee will argue that the time gap is itself
evidence of a discriminatory intent by the employer and, with little other
evidence, is sufficient to overcome the presumption that the employer acted
pursuant to a neutral workplace policy. Now the employer may not be able to have
the case dismissed, and must proceed to trial.

That brings us to the most recent U.S. Supreme Court ADA decision. In Raytheon
Co. v. Hernadez, an employee was terminated for illegal drug use. Two years
later, that employee reapplied for employment with Raytheon alleging he had been
through treatment and was rehabilitated. Raytheon refused to rehire him, relying
upon a workplace policy that it would not rehire any employee terminated for
misconduct. The employee brought a lawsuit in federal District Court, arguing
discrimination based on his disability (addiction). The Supreme Court ruled that
although the employee had established a prima facie case, the employer overcame
that presumptive case by establishing that it had used a disability neutral
workplace policy in refusing to rehire former employees discharged for
misconduct. The employee could not overcome the presumption of nondiscrimination
and his case was dismissed.

The Raytheon case is a very good example of how far the law goes in allowing
employers to discipline disabled employees engaging in misconduct. An employer
can refuse to rehire a former employee who used chemical substances at work,
even if the employee is disabled by the addiction and is rehabilitated through
completion of a chemical dependency treatment program.

Two cautions about the Raytheon holding. First, the workplace policy was
disability neutral - it prohibited rehiring employees terminated for misconduct,
not employees terminated for substance abuse. If the policy only prohibits the
rehire of employees terminated for substance abuse, the result may be different
and favor the employee. Second, the Raytheon court based its holding solely upon
a disparate treatment analysis, not a disparate impact analysis. Disparate
treatment analysis looks at whether disabled employees are treated "less
favorably than others" because of their disability or other protected
characteristic. Disparate impact analysis "involves employment practices that
are facially neutral in their treatment of different groups but that in fact
fall more harshly on one group than another and cannot be justified by business
necessity." Raytheon's neutral policy may be discriminatory under a disparate
impact analysis if it more harshly impacts rehabilitated addicted employees.

The employee in Raytheon was prohibited from arguing a disparate impact theory
because he was dilatory in raising the issue to the court. Until a future case
comfronts the issue on a disparate impact theory, employers may want to be
cautious and consider whether they should exempt rehabilitated addicted former
employees from their no-rehire misconduct policies.

These types of employment law issues affect small and large business. Such
issues point to the need for legal advice from experienced outside or in-house
employment law counsel that understand and appreciate how effective employment
practices can reduce risks for employers. When employees with medical conditions
engage in misconduct that may be caused by the their disability, having counsel
who can manage the problem so as to avoid the risk of a lawsuit can save the
employer time and money that is better spent developing the business.

David Cossi is an attorney with The General Counsel Ltd, PLLP, in Edina, Minn.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved

                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          October 6, 1995, Friday, ONT

Simpson trial lawyers face misconduct probe

BYLINE: Newsday

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 199 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


   LOS ANGELES (Special) - The California Bar Association said yesterday it has
begun a preliminary investigation into allegations of lawyer misconduct during
the O.J. Simpson double murder trial.

Judy Johnson, chief counsel to the association, said from her San Francisco
office that complaints received during the trial from the public and the
judiciary prompted the investigation, but she did not name any lawyers or expand
on her statement.

Lawyers on both sides of the case, which ended this week with Simpson's
acquittal, were continually admonished, cited and fined by Superior Court Judge
Lance Ito for their antics in the courtroom.

Meanwhile, the defence attorneys continued to fight among themselves almost as
vehemently as they fought the prosecutor.

Robert Shapiro, the former lead defence attorney replaced by Cochran, denied a
charge by fellow team member F. Lee Bailey that he tried to negotiate a plea
bargain that would have Simpson plead guilty to manslaughter and Simpson's
friend and lawyer Robert Kardashian spend five years in prison as an accessory
to the June 12, 1994, murders of Simpson's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her
friend Ronald Goldman.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           November 4, 1999, Thursday

Kicker: Court of Appeal Rules:False-Complaints Law Inapplicable to Claims
Against Off-Duty Police

BYLINE: By KENNETH OFGANG, Staff Writer/Appellate Courts

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 563 words


A statute requiring that police departments give notice to citizens who complain
about officer misconduct, warning of possible criminal prosecution for making a
false complaint, doesn't apply to complaints by fellow officers or which involve
off-duty actions, the Fourth District Court of Appeal has ruled.

Div. One Tuesday affirmed San Diego Superior Court Judge David J. Danielsen's
partial denial of a writ of mandate sought by the San Diego Police Officers
Association. The association sought to force the city to give the notice, and
obtain the required signature of acknowledgment, whenever any citizenincluding a
fellow officer alleging sexual harassment or the likemade a complaint.

Danielsen agreed with the city that the statute, Penal Code Sec. 148.6, only
applies to on-duty misconduct. The judge noted that the form of advisory
required by the statute refers in two places to "citizen complaints," and
concluded that the language "was placed there to narrow the meaning of the word
'complaint' to include only those complaints regarding a police officer's on
duty conduct towards members of the general public."

The judge did order the city to issue the warning "when accepting a citizen's
allegation of misconduct by a police officer during the performance of his or
her duties, even if that misconduct might rise to the level of a criminal
offense," but declined to order it to do so with respect to complaints of
internal or off-duty misconduct.

Interpretation Supported

Justice Richard McIntyre, writing for the Court of Appeal, said the trial judge
had construed the statute correctly. Both the language cited by the trial judge
and the legislative history support Danielsen's interpretation, the justice
said.

Sec. 148.6, the justice explained, was enacted in 1995 in response to a court
ruling that the statute making it a crime to file a false police report didn't
apply to citizen complaints about officer misconduct, even if the alleged
misconduct was a crime.

The statute makes it a misdemeanor to knowingly file a false allegation of
misconduct against a peace officer, prescribes the form of the advisory, and
requires that it be given and acknowledged in writing. Its purpose, an Assembly
committee report explained, was to curb "a glaringly negative side effect" to
police procedures designed to hold officers accountable for their actions in the
wake of the 1992 Rodney King incident.

Malicious Allegations

That effect, the committee explained, was "the willingness on the part of many
of our less ethical citizens to maliciously file false allegations of misconduct
against officers in an effort to punish them for simply doing their job."

Nothing in the report indicated any intent to apply the section to other
circumstance, McIntyre said.

The panel also upheld the trial judge's award of $ 1,87520 percent of the amount
soughtto the union for it's "very limited success" in obtaining an order to
require the city to issue the advisory in cases of alleged on-duty misconduct
amounting to a crime.

"The vast majority of SDPOA's time and effort was clearly spent on issues upon
which the Police Department prevailed," McIntyre wrote. "The award of attorney
fees was well within the trial court's discretion, and we affirm it."

The case is San Diego Police Officers Association v. City of San Diego, 99
S.O.S. 8828.


LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Metropolitan News Company

                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bishop Eddie L. Long, 63; Accused of Misconduct

BYLINE: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 353 words


Bishop Eddie L. Long, the flamboyant megachurch pastor whose reputation was
tarnished after former congregants accused him of sexual misconduct, died on
Sunday. He was 63.

The cause was cancer, his church, New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in
Lithonia, Ga., said in a statement. The statement did not say where he died.

Bishop Long had been the senior pastor since 1987 at New Birth Missionary
Baptist, a 10,000-seat church in Lithonia, a suburb of Atlanta. The church said
it grew from 300 members to more than 25,000 under his leadership, operating
television and international ministries and building satellite churches in
several cities, including Miami, Denver and Charlotte, N.C.

Bishop Long was known for preaching a ''prosperity gospel,'' which said the
faithful would be rewarded with wealth. He himself flew around the world on a
private jet, drove a $350,000 Bentley and lived in a $1.4 million house.

In 2006, President George W. Bush and former Presidents Bill Clinton, Jimmy
Carter and George H. W. Bush attended the funeral of Coretta Scott King, the
widow of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., at Bishop Long's church.

But four years later, scandal erupted when four young men filed lawsuits
accusing Bishop Long of sexual misconduct. His lifestyle was a focal point of
the suits, which accused him of persuading the men to have sexual relationships
with him in exchange for trips, clothes and cars.

Two of the men accused Bishop Long -- an outspoken opponent of gay rights and
same-sex marriage -- of grooming them for sexual relationships through the
church's LongFellows Youth Academy. The other two, one of whom attended a
satellite church in Charlotte, made similar allegations.

Eight months later, Bishop Long settled the cases out of court for an
undisclosed amount. He never admitted any wrongdoing. While some members of his
congregation changed their opinion of him, many others continued to rally around
him.

Bishop Long was born on May 12, 1953, in Huntersville, N.C. He is survived by
his wife, Vanessa Long; four children, Eric, Edward, Jared and Taylor; and three
grandchildren.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/17/us/bishop-eddie-l-long-accused-of-sexual-
misconduct-dies-at-63.html

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bishop Eddie Long in 2006. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JESSICA McGOWEN FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company

                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Bishop Eddie L. Long, Accused of Sexual Misconduct, Dies at 63

BYLINE: By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Obituary; Pg.

LENGTH: 353 words


Bishop Eddie L. Long, the flamboyant megachurch pastor whose reputation was
tarnished after former congregants accused him of sexual misconduct, died on
Sunday. He was 63.

The cause was cancer, his church, New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in
Lithonia, Ga., said in a statement. The statement did not say where he died.

Bishop Long had been the senior pastor since 1987 at New Birth Missionary
Baptist, a 10,000-seat church in Lithonia, a suburb of Atlanta. The church said
it grew from 300 members to more than 25,000 under his leadership, operating
television and international ministries and building satellite churches in
several cities, including Miami, Denver and Charlotte, N.C.

Bishop Long was known for preaching a ''prosperity gospel,'' which said the
faithful would be rewarded with wealth. He himself flew around the world on a
private jet, drove a $350,000 Bentley and lived in a $1.4 million house.

In 2006, President George W. Bush and former Presidents Bill Clinton, Jimmy
Carter and George H. W. Bush attended the funeral of Coretta Scott King, the
widow of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., at Bishop Long's church.

But four years later, scandal erupted when four young men filed lawsuits
accusing Bishop Long of sexual misconduct. His lifestyle was a focal point of
the suits, which accused him of persuading the men to have sexual relationships
with him in exchange for trips, clothes and cars.

Two of the men accused Bishop Long -- an outspoken opponent of gay rights and
same-sex marriage -- of grooming them for sexual relationships through the
church's LongFellows Youth Academy. The other two, one of whom attended a
satellite church in Charlotte, made similar allegations.

Eight months later, Bishop Long settled the cases out of court for an
undisclosed amount. He never admitted any wrongdoing. While some members of his
congregation changed their opinion of him, many others continued to rally around
him.

Bishop Long was born on May 12, 1953, in Huntersville, N.C. He is survived by
his wife, Vanessa Long; four children, Eric, Edward, Jared and Taylor; and three
grandchildren.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/17/us/bishop-eddie-l-long-accused-of-sexual-
misconduct-dies-at-63.html

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company

                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Novato woman files whistleblower suit against San Francisco police chief

BYLINE: By Gary Klien Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


A Novato woman is taking on the San Francisco Police Department in a
whistleblower lawsuit filed Wednesday against the department and its chief.

Kelly O'Haire, a former Marin County prosecutor and San Rafael police officer,
worked as an internal affairs lawyer at the San Francisco Police Department from
2006 until she was fired in 2011.

O'Haire, 48, claims she was fired out of retaliation for her investigation into
a high-ranking police official, Greg Suhr, who was later appointed chief.

O'Haire, who spent 27 years as a police officer and prosecutor, said the
termination has ruined her career.

"I've always tried to do the right thing, and having the wrong things done to
you, it's flabbergasting," she said.

O'Haire's job was to investigate and prosecute misconduct claims against members
of the police department. She brought the cases before the city Police
Commission.

In 2009, she sought the termination of Suhr, then deputy police chief, for an
alleged pattern of misconduct and policy violations, the lawsuit says.

The allegations included failing to file a timely domestic violence report in an
incident involving a friend, and impeding the investigation into the so-called
"Fajitagate" scandal, when three San Francisco officers were accused of beating
up two men for their Mexican food.

Suhr was indicted on charges of obstructing the Fajitagate investigation, but a
judge dismissed the case. Nonetheless, then-Chief Heather Fong demoted him, and
he was reassigned.

Suhr's career recovered and he was named police chief in 2011. O'Haire claims
Suhr purged her and another lawyer in her unit who were working on a backlog of
hundreds of misconduct complaints against the department.

O'Haire, who grew up in San Rafael, said the firing forced her into an extended
purgatory of unemployment and underemployment. She now holds a non-lawyer job in
a personnel department.

"I've been in law enforcement my whole life," she said Wednesday. "It was pretty
devastating. I've never been disciplined. I've never done anything wrong in my
career.

"The last two years have been the worst two years of my life, trying to find a
job. You don't expect something like this could happen."

O'Haire's lawsuit seeks compensation and punitive damages for alleged labor
violations, intentional infliction of emotional distress and intentional
interference with prospective economic advantage.

The suit was filed in San Francisco Superior Court. O'Haire is being represented
by Gwilliam, Ivary, Chiosso, Cavalli & Brewer, a law firm in Oakland.

Sgt. Dennis Toomer, a San Francisco police spokesman, said the department has
received the lawsuit but would not comment. He said the department would not
"release any information that could influence the process."

Matt Dorsey, spokesman for City Attorney Dennis Herrera, said "it's too early in
the process to address the specific allegations, but we think the lawsuit lacks
merit."

"So the city attorney is going to vigorously defend the police department, and
we're going to do everything we can to protect taxpayer dollars," he said.

O'Haire, a 1983 graduate of Terra Linda High School, earned a bachelor's degree
in pre-legal studies at Golden Gate University, then spent nine years as a San
Rafael police officer and studied law at night. She earned her law degree at San
Francisco Law School and worked at the Marin District Attorney's Office from
1995 to 2006.

Contact Gary Klien via email atgklien@marinij.com
orhttps://twitter.com/GaryKlien

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kelly O'Haire is pictured at the Marin County Civic Center in 2005. (IJ
photo/Alan Dep) Alan Dep

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved

                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              March 4, 2007 Sunday
                                CAROLINA EDITION

ACROSS SOUTH CAROLINA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 409 words


Teacher accused of misconduct bailed out

GREENVILLE - A 23-year-old former teacher accused of having sex with five
teenage boys was released from jail Friday after her father posted bail.

Allena Williams Ward will be confined to her home, able to leave only for church
and lawyer visits, and must wear an electronic monitor. She also must have no
contact with the boys she is accused of having sex with.

According to arrest warrants, Mrs. Ward, who is married, had sexual encounters
in the past three months with the 14- and 15-year-old boys at Bell Street Middle
School, at a motel, in a park and behind a restaurant.

She is charged with sexual misconduct.

Her father paid $11,000 in cash Friday - the required 10 percent of her $110,000
bail.

Jail officer accused of punching prisoner

COLUMBIA- A Richland County jail officer has been charged with assault, accused
of punching a prisoner in the face while another guard held the inmate's arms.

The incident happened Monday as Signeous Green, 32, was taunting an inmate he
was taking to the courthouse, Sheriff Leon Lott said in a news release.

When the inmate turned to face Mr. Green, a second officer held his arms and Mr.
Green punched the prisoner in the face, Sheriff Lott said.

The inmate's nose was broken and he needed five stitches, said Sheriff Lott, who
wouldn't release the prisoner's name.

Man dies of smoke inhalation from fire

NORTH CHARLESTON - A 76-year-old man was found dead in his home after a fire,
authorities said.

Firefighters came to the home minutes after they were called Friday, but the
blaze was already intense, North Charleston Fire Battalion Chief Greg Bulanow
said.

It took firefighters about 10 minutes to get the flames under control. They
found the body of Nathaniel "Tan" Ravenell inside, authorities said.

Mr. Ravenell died of smoke inhalation, Deputy Coroner Judy Koelpin said.

The cause of the fire was under investigation, but it didn't appear to be
suspicious, Chief Bulanow said.

Officials to check on endangered cougar

ANDERSON - The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service says it has started a review to
determine the status of the endangered eastern cougar, the first review the
service has done since publishing a recovery plan in 1982.

According to the service, information is being sought on the status of the
eastern cougar in 21 states - from Maine to South Carolina and westward from
Michigan to Tennessee - where the Endangered Species Act protects it.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CAROLINA BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Sexual misconduct leaves a black mark on UC Santa Cruz

BYLINE: Ryan Masters, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 750 words


March 03--SANTA CRUZ -- Recently released public records provide additional
details of a sexual assault case the University of California Regents settled
for $1.15 million earlier this year -- as well as four other sexual misconduct
cases involving UC Santa Cruz staff who were disciplined or terminated between
January 2013 and April 2016.

The records were released Tuesday, 16 months after a public records request by
the Bay Area News Media Group that revealed 124 cases of sexual misconduct
across the UC System.

The $1.15 million sexual assault case involved a former UCSC student who accused
UCSC assistant professor Hector Perla of raping her on June 13, 2015, the day
before commencement. While all five of the cases contained in the records have
been redacted in one extent or another, approximately 85 percent of the Hector
Perla case has been censored.

Perla has not publicly commented on the sexual incident, which he claims was
consensual, but parts of his Nov. 10, 2015 statement appear in the report. In
that statement, Perla admits he was academically responsible for the student on
the day of the incident. He also states there was no romantic interest between
him and the student during the preceding quarter.

On the day of the incident, Perla and the student shared four bottles of wine in
less than five hours with a third party before the three engaged in sex,
according to the report.

Perla said the student consented to sex, yet, in her initial conversation with
Title IX Officer Tracey Tsugawa, the student stated she was "completely
intoxicated" and could not recall exactly what happened.

Evidence listed, but not included, in the report includes numerous text messages
between Perla and the student, as well as dozens of photos of the two together.

Alison Galloway, then acting Campus Provost and Executive Vice Chancellor,
informed Perla of the university's decision to terminate him on March 21, 2016.
However, Perla was allowed to retire, according to campus officials.

In her successful lawsuit, the former student accused UCSC of failing to
properly investigate her claims. The Perla case took Tsugawa and private
investigator Valerie Roach eight months to complete, according to the records.
Two of the investigations in the records each required five months to complete;
the two others required one month and three months, respectively.

Those four cases are as follows:

--In July 2015, Luis Miranda, a senior auto equipment operator in Transportation
and Parking Services, was terminated by the university after he allegedly asked
a student if she watched pornography and told her he had connections to the
pornography industry.

--In 2013, dining hall cook Isaac Mendoza was terminated by the university after
it was determined he had made numerous sexual comments to students, including a
sexual proposition. It was also found that Mendoza asked a student to wash a
stick blender while he simulated masturbation on the stick blender.

--In 2013, employees at the UCSC Bakery brought allegations of sexual harassment
against a senior baker. The unidentified senior baker was disciplined by the
university for allegedly harassing both female and male employees with repeated
sexual and derogatory comments, including calling women whores and joking about
vaginal surgery.

--Also in 2013, a senior food services worker in the Colleges Nine and Ten
Dining Hall was disciplined for allegedly touching a male worker on the arm and
shoulder. The senior foods services worker also propositioned the co-worker by
rubbing his own genitals and indicating they enter the walk-in refrigerator
together.

When asked to comment on the records, Scott Hernandez-Jason, director of News
and Media Relations, said none of the respondents in the documents worked at the
university any longer.

He also said that, in the last 30 months, the University of California has taken
steps to significantly change and improve the way Title IX cases are handled.

"All of the UC Santa Cruz cases included in this records release were
investigated and adjudicated under policies and processes that are no longer in
effect," Hernandez-Jason said. "The new mandates, effective Jan. 1, 2016, are
intended to improve education and training, support resources, and investigation
and adjudication procedures for students and employees."

___ (c)2017 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170303-QC-Sexual-misconduct
-leaves-a-black-mark-on-UC-Santa-Cruz-0303-20170303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2017 Santa Cruz Sentinel

                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Albert Lea Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday

BRIEF: Investigation continues into deputy's alleged misconduct

BYLINE: Sarah Stultz, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 175 words


June 08--The investigation is ongoing into an allegation of misconduct by a
Freeborn County Sheriff's Office deputy who is running for sheriff.

Freeborn County Administrator John Kluever said investigators with the Rochester
Police Department still need to interview the person who filed a complaint
against deputy Dale Glazier, along with Glazier himself. Kluever anticipated the
questioning to be completed by the end of the week.

Glazier, 50, was placed on paid administrative leave on May 30. He said earlier
this week he has not been told what he is accused of, other than to label the
allegation as "misconduct."

Glazier said he plans to continue his campaign. He has worked for the Sheriff's
Office since 2003.

He is running against incumbent Sheriff Bob Kindler and fellow deputy Kurt
Freitag.

Kluever said he did not think the allegation had any connection to the sheriff's
race.

___ (c)2014 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140608-1AL-BRF-Investigation-continues-into-deputy-s-alleged-
misconduct-0608-20140608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                       Copyright 2014 Albert Lea Tribune

                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 07, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

Addenda

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 92 words


The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and nearly 100 plaintiffs said they
have agreed to a $ 7.5 million settlement for 1990 and 1991 lawsuits alleging
excessive force and other misconduct stemming from allegations of excessive
force and harassment by deputies in the Lynwood station.

An avalanche on New England's tallest mountain -- New Hampshire's Mount
Washington -- killed a Canadian hiker and injured three others. Rescuers said
the hikers were French-speakers who may not have been able to read several signs
warning in English.

LOAD-DATE: January 07, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 24, 1995, Friday, Final Edition

A Surge in Justice Dept. Departures; 20 Lawyers Left in Fiscal 1993 While Being
Probed for Misconduct

Jim McGee, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A27; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 814 words


Twenty Justice Department lawyers left their jobs while under investigation for
charges of professional misconduct during fiscal 1993, according to a new
department report.

During the same period, allegations of misconduct by department lawyers and
assistant U.S. attorneys rose 78 percent, the department's Office of
Professional Responsibility report shows.

The new OPR report tracks a surge of allegations of misconduct that began in
fiscal 1992 and faced Attorney General Janet Reno during her first months in
office. The previously undisclosed data -- which cover the period Oct. 1, 1992
to Sept. 30, 1993 -- are consistent with other indicators that the problem of
prosecutorial misconduct among the department's more than 7,000 lawyers required
high-level attention. There was a slight decline in the number of substantiated
allegations.

"That certainly is a telling figure," said OPR Counsel Michael E. Shaheen Jr. of
the 20 resignations or retirements, a figure that contrasts with 22 similar
departures from 1985 through 1991. "Sometimes people have an exaggerated view of
what they may have done wrong. Sometimes a person, believing that it is going to
cost them a job, will opt to resign in order to keep the record clear. Their
conduct may not have deserved that extreme sanction."

Under William P. Barr, the previous attorney general, U.S. attorneys sometimes
failed to report complaints against their subordinates to OPR for investigation.
OPR delayed investigations of prosecutorial misconduct if they arose from a
pending case. The practice apparently continued in fiscal 1993, allowing for the
growth of a large backlog of unresolved misconduct allegations.

Beginning in the late 1980s, major prosecutions in Florida, California, Illinois
and other states were derailed after federal judges sharply criticized the
professional conduct of the prosecutors.

Senior departmental officials and rank-and-file prosecutors have argued that the
increase in OPR complaints came from defense attorneys who were using
allegations of prosecutorial misconduct as a diversionary tactic in litigation
-- which clearly happened in some cases.

But the new OPR report found that only 10 percent of the complaints against
prosecutors in 1993 came from defense lawyers. Most came from officials inside
the Justice Department (49 percent) and individuals (24 percent). Only 3 percent
arose from the formal findings of judges.

In the report, Shaheen attributed the increase to several factors: the expanded
use of allegations of government misconduct as a trial tactic by defense counsel
in criminal cases; less restraint by the courts in their criticism of government
attorneys, particularly in cases where a prosecutor's conduct is perceived to
have affected the defendant's right to a fair trial; and increased reporting of
allegations within the department.

In December 1993, Reno took the first step toward reforming the OPR process to
make it more accountable. She established a disclosure policy allowing the
release of OPR findings in certain cases. She also said that OPR would begin
investigations into charges of misconduct immediately, even if the allegations
arose in pending litigation. As of 1994, supervisors were required to follow
stricter reporting guidelines and OPR inquiries were to be completed even if a
prosecutor resigned.

The effect of the new policies has been to enhance the role of the OPR staff
within Justice and to get quicker responses to judicial findings of
prosecutorial misconduct. Reno assured prosecutors they would be protected from
unfounded allegations or unfair discipline.

The new policy also calls for filing ethics complaints against defense attorneys
who lodge malicious OPR complaints. One of the department's most respected
career administrators, Associate Deputy Attorney General David Margolis, was
given the responsibility of reviewing disciplinary action appeals. "He is known
for his fairness," said Shaheen.

The OPR report also tracked disciplinary action at the FBI and the Drug
Enforcement Administration. At the FBI in 1993, 20 employees were dismissed for
misconduct while 53 resigned during the course of OPR inquiries. During fiscal
1992, 23 employees were dismissed while 39 resigned or retired. "These numbers
reflect the vigor with which we pursue allegations against our employees," FBI
Director Louis J. Freeh said in a statement.

At the DEA, five employees were charged with criminal activity in 1993, compared
with six the previous year. Five employees were fired in 1993, compared with 14
in 1992. At both agencies, the relative number of substantiated allegations
remained about the same from one year to the next. "We have had a fundamental
change in the philosophy of the management of DEA, and that change focuses on
integrity," said DEA Chief Inspector Johnny F. Phelps.


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, MICHAEL E. SHAHEEN JR.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post

                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 3, 2007 Tuesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Dental schools struggle with wave of scandals SIU incident is one of several o
Grade-obsession may be driving force

BYLINE: By Angie Leventis ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 616 words


As Southern Illinois University investigates its first-year dental class for
alleged academic misconduct, dental professionals are grappling with a string of
recent cheating scandals at professional programs across the country.

SIU has suspended the grades of all 52 first-year students until the
investigation is complete. University officials would not comment on the nature
of the alleged infraction, which could range from cheating to misuse of
documents to theft of university property. An anonymous letter sent to the
Post-Dispatch and other media outlets supposedly representing the entire
first-year class counters that the investigation is unfounded and innocent
students have been punished in the process.

The case follows several dental school scandals nationwide, which have prompted
experts in the field to question whether cheating is prevalent in dental
education and discuss how to curb academic dishonesty in a profession that
relies on public trust.

Nearly half of the second-year class of the Indiana University School of
Dentistry was disciplined in May when students viewed test material by breaking
into password-protected files.

Last year, the New Jersey Dental School found students were performing clinical
procedures - crowns, fillings, root canals - for one another to gain credits
required for graduation. Nearly a fourth of the 84-student class was involved.

A month before that, 10 dental students at the University of Nevada-Las Vegas
had forged instructor signatures on university documents, including patient
records.

"I don't think there's an easy answer," said Jos Welie, professor of medical and
dental ethics at Creighton University Medical Center in Omaha.

He was one of six-dozen dentistry experts who spoke at an American Dental
Association symposium in Chicago last month to address the recent wave of
cheating.

Welie isn't certain whether academic misconduct is on the rise at dental schools
or educators have simply become more vigilant in light of media attention. He
theorizes that students in all fields are more obsessed with grades as opposed
to becoming the best academic or professional.

But academic dishonesty is much more troublesome in dentistry and other public
health professions.

"It's one thing if you cheat on a math test in high school, it's another if you
cheat on your test of chronic infections," he said. "Because when a school says
that you are competent and we give you your D.D.S., society expects that you
are."

Technology might also be to blame for the proliferation of large-scale scandals,
said Stephen K. Young, chairman of the American Dental Association Council on
Dental Education and Licensure.

While one or two students might have shared inappropriate material in the past,
Blackberries, cell phones and e-mails allow for distribution to a wider
audience. And cheating rings tend to get more media attention than cases
involving one or two students.

One solution might be national standards for discipline, Welie said. He reasoned
that tough penalties across the board would deter students from academic
infractions.

Young suggested that schools expand their ethics classes, as well as strive to
incorporate professional integrity in all courses. Schools might also focus more
on personality and moral integrity when selecting dental school candidates.

Despite the recent scandals, Young said the public shouldn't lose faith in
dental professionals. Rather, clients should be encouraged that dental
professionals are talking about academic misconduct and searching for solutions.

"The schools do a good job of educating students to be good health care
professionals," he said. "The good news is that the dental schools are
responding."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 24, 1998, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

NFL eyes crime crackdown Weapons offences, assaults would lead to suspensions

BYLINE: By Michael Clarkson Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F8

LENGTH: 530 words


   Like the NBA, the NFL is losing patience with its problem players.

Sparked partly by a Toronto case which is still pending in the courts, the NFL
is threatening to suspend players convicted of assault, spousal abuse or weapons
possession.

The latest in a long run of off-field incidents involving NFL players include
Dave Meggett of the New England Patriots, accused of sexual assault at the Royal
York Hotel last month, and Tito Wooten of the New York Giants, who is undergoing
counselling after being accused of assaulting a live-in girlfriend two months
ago.

Commissioner Paul Tagliabue, speaking yesterday at NFL meetings in Orlando,
Fla., at which owners approved a labour contract, said the move is designed to
"deter misconduct."

"We want to help the players keep out of trouble and we think this is one way to
do it," Tagliabue said.

The other three major pro sports organizations in North America - the NHL, the
NBA and Major League Baseball - already have the right to suspend players for
criminal convictions, but they rarely do, although the NBA has been taking more
action lately.

"We deal with these cases individually," said an NHL spokesperson, referring to
the case of Bob Probert, who was suspended for life in 1989 after his arrest for
smuggling cocaine into the U.S.

Probert was later convicted and jailed for 90 days and reinstated in 1990 by
then-NHL president John Ziegler.

In February, Meggett and former Toronto Argos and Patriots defensive end Steve
Brannon were charged with sexual assault after a 33-year-old woman complained to
police that she was assaulted and robbed at the Royal York.

In the Wooten case, charges were dropped when Wooten told the judge that the
couple had reconciled. The woman later committed suicide.

The NFL's policy - sending players to counselling if they are convicted of
crimes - has been in place since last August. But starting July 1, players will
be subject to fines, suspensions or both.

Tagliabue said the tougher disciplinary rules were not prompted by the case of
Latrell Sprewell of the Golden State Warriors, suspended by the NBA for
attempting to choke coach P.J. Carlesimo. Sprewell's contract was terminated,
before being reinstated by an arbitrator.

But the NFL policy is worded to allow termination.

Like his football counterpart, NBA commissioner David Stern is starting to get
tougher with his league's problem players.

Earlier this season, the NBA suspended two players - Allen Iverson of the
Philadelphia 76ers for one game after he was convicted of possession of
marijuana and a weapons offence, and Isaiah Rider of the Portland Trail Blazers
for two games for marijuana possession.

Teams in all four major sports leagues have the right to terminate a player's
contract for a serious character issue.

Often, however, players are allowed to compete with criminal records.

Yesterday former Montreal Expo Wil Cordero, who admitted beating and threatening
his wife last year while he was with Boston, agreed to a one-year contract with
the Chicago White Sox, who say they're convinced he's sincere about his remorse.

WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOSTON HERALD PHOTO (MATTEW STONE): ACCUSED: New England Patriots' Dave
Meggett, left, leaves Old City Hall on March 13 after court appearance relating
to sexual assault charge stemming from incident at Royal York.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              April 3, 2009 Friday
                                 First Edition

Timeline of;
the Churchill;
controversy

SECTION: A:DAILY CAMERA; Pg. 04

LENGTH: 347 words


Sept. 11, 2001:

University of Colorado professor Ward Churchill writes a response to the day's
terrorist attacks, saying they were not senseless but a direct result of
American policies. The online essay compares victims at the World Trade Center
to an infamous Nazi technocrat.

Jan. 26, 2005:

The essay catches media attention for the first time after students at Hamilton
College in New York protest their school's invitation to have Churchill speak.

Feb. 3, 2005:

CU regents launch an investigation into Churchill's work to determine if he
should be fired.

March 24, 2005:

CU Chancellor Phil DiStefano says Churchill's comments about 9/11 were protected
by the First Amendment. But he determines allegations of fraud and plagiarism
against Churchill warrant further inquiry by CU's Standing Committee on Research
Misconduct.

May 16, 2006:

The investigative panel releases its 124-page report to the public. The group
finds serious and recurring problems with Churchill's work, including
plagiarism, fabrication and questionable citations. Most panel members say
Churchill should be suspended without pay, and one member says his research
misconduct was so egregious that he should be fired.

June 13, 2006:

The Standing Committee on Research Misconduct backs the previous panel's
findings of deliberate misconduct and releases its own report. Six of the nine
members say Churchill should be dismissed. Two favor suspension without pay for
five years, and one recommends suspension without pay for two years.

May 2007:

Three members of the university faculty's Privilege and Tenure Committee
recommend suspension. The other two members say he should be fired.

July 24, 2007:

Regents vote 8-1 to fire Churchill.

July 25, 2007:

Churchill sues CU in Denver District Court, claiming he was fired for what he
wrote in the 2001 essay.

Oct. 2, 2007:

Churchill returns to CU to teach a series of unsanctioned classes.

March 9, 2009

: The trial of Churchill vs. the University of Colorado begins in Denver
District Court.

April 2:

Jury rules in favor of Churchill and awards him $1 in damages.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 21, 2006 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 486 words


KANSAS CITY

Skelton pushes harsher penalties for recruiters

The ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee said Sunday he would
push to increase penalties for sexual misconduct by military recruiters.

Rep. Ike Skelton of Missouri was reacting to an investigation by The Associated
Press that found more than 80 military recruiters were disciplined last year for
sexual misconduct with potential recruits.

"These abuses by military recruiters are absolutely unacceptable," Skelton said
in aninterview. "The National Guard's recently adopted rule of 'No One Alone'
makes a great deal of sense and should be followed by all services, whether
active duty, National Guard or reserve."

The policy prohibits male recruiters from being alone in offices or anywhere
else with female enlistees.

MIDLOTHIAN, TEXAS

Man kills himself after shooting officers

Three police officers and a state trooper were wounded Sunday afternoon and the
gunman died of an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound, ending a standoff
that lasted more than eight hours, police said.

Midlothian police spokesman Britt Snipes identified the dead gunman as Richard
Wayne Miles, 25, of Midlothian, about 25 miles southwest of Dallas.

Midlothian police Sgt. Brian Woolery was in serious condition at Methodist
Dallas Medical Center Hospital, spokeswoman Kathleen Beathard said. Officer
Dustin Compton was in good condition and Smith and Officer Cody McKinney were in
fair condition.

CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla.

Work on shuttle won't hamper launching

Technicians have successfully swapped out two bolts securing a crucial
communications antenna on space shuttle Atlantis because engineers thought the
bolts were too short.

The last-minute work Sunday wasn't expected to affect the schedule for Atlantis'
planned launching next Sunday on a mission to resume construction on the
international space station.

"Everything went well and we're good to go," NASA spokeswoman Tracy Young said.

TOLEDO, OHIO

Newspaper locks out workers during talks

The Blade on Sunday locked out the nine employees of its engravers union, one of
several unions negotiating new contracts at the newspaper.

The newspaper will fill the jobs with management and temporary workers and does
not expect production to be interrupted, a spokeswoman said. The workers make
the plates needed to print the paper.

Eight unions representing about 650 workers have been negotiating with the
company since their contracts expired March 21.

The last contract agreement, in 2003, included a three-year wage freeze.

ANCHORAGE, ALASKA

Cruise ship discovers dead whale stuck on bow

The cruise ship Summit pulled into its Alaskan port with a 25- to 30-foot dead
whale pinned to its bow.

Federal officials investigating the incident said it did not appear the ship's
operators did anything wrong.

The ship's crew said they were surprised to learn they had hit a whale somewhere
after leaving Disenchantment Bay near Yakutat.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Felon claims prison riddled with drugs, misconduct

BYLINE: Francis Scarcella, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


Sept. 01--COAL TOWNSHIP -- An SCI-Coal Township inmate is demanding an
investigation and a transfer from the prison, alleging misconduct by guards and
top administrators.

Draye D. Durham, of Philadephia, who is spending 35 years in state prison for
various felonies, including robbery and illegal weapons charges, sent letters to
the state Attorney General's Office, Department of Corrections and prison
officials in an attempt to plead his case that guards are accepting gifts from
inmates for favors and passing around and abusing drugs.

Durham claims prison employees are accepting inmate purchased gifts from former
inmates who have been released.

Durham also claims guards are abusing alcohol and prescription drugs and
covering up the smell of liquor by spraying cologne on themselves when they
arrive to work.

Durham claims guards moods swing and he noticed them popping pills.

Durham asked for the investigation because he said he fears for the safety of
other inmates and when guards are questioned they retaliate against those
inmates. Durham calls a group of guards and administrators part of the "good ole
boys club," and is asking to be transferred because he believes he is being
retaliated against for speaking out publicly.

In a letter addressed to Department of Corrections Secretary John Wetzel, Durham
claims there is psychological torture games being played with him for s speaking
out against the prison.

Durham claims he can't make phone calls to his daughter because someone
restricted the number from his phone list for no reason.

Durham complained to guards about the phone situation and he claims he was told,
"shut up and deal with it," his letter states.

In another instance Durham claims he was to receive a visit from his family from
Nashville, Tenn., but five days before the pre-approved visit, he was told part
of his family was not on the visitation list.

Durham wrote to prison administrators and was told the visitation was approved
but Durham said just one day before his family was to arrive he was informed
that part of his special visitation was denied, the letter states.

In another instance, Durham was in the dining hall on Aug. 16 when he overheard
two guards talking, he said.

The conversation took a turn for the worse and one guard threw another guard up
against the wall and began to choke him, Durham stated.

Durham claims the prison is "sweeping these incidents under the table," and
administration doesn't want the public to know what is going on behind the
walls.

"We take these matters seriously and review every allegation," said prison
spokeswoman Trisha Kelley said. "These types of situations should be reported to
the DOC, and anyone can do so at any time by following the directions on our
website."

___ (c)2015 The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) Visit The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pa.) at
www.dailyitem.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150901-DN-Felon-claims-prison-riddled-with-drugs-misconduct
-0901-20150901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily Item

                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

tEXAS: Research Misconduct & Scientific Fraud

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Austin


The University of Texas at Dallas, The state of Texas has issued the following
news release:

Research Misconduct & Scientific Fraud
Thursday, Sep 18
10 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. Location: SLC 1.202

This is the introductory session to the Responsible Conduct of Research (RCR)
training series.  This session will cover contemporary issues related to
misconduct and scientific fraud in research.  All RCR series sessions include
interactive participation and discussion.  Individual session formats may vary
with topic presenter.

Registration is required and seating is limited.  The RCR series is open to the
UTD research community but is guided toward advanced graduate students,
post-doctoral researchers and research scientists. Completion of this series
satisfies grant funding requirements for the National Institutes of Health (NIH)
and the National Science Foundation (NSF). Please contact the Office of Research
for questions regarding RCR series registration.

Registration is required.
Contact Info:
Mary Beth Goodnight,
Questions? Email me.
Share this event on:

Email to a Friend

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Texas: Research Misconduct & Scientific Fraud

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Austin


The University of Texas at Dallas, The state of Texas has issued the following
news release:
Research Misconduct & Scientific Fraud
Thursday, Sep 18
10 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. Location: SLC 1.202

This is the introductory session to the Responsible Conduct of Research (RCR)
training series.  This session will cover contemporary issues related to
misconduct and scientific fraud in research.  All RCR series sessions include
interactive participation and discussion.  Individual session formats may vary
with topic presenter.

Registration is required and seating is limited.  The RCR series is open to the
UTD research community but is guided toward advanced graduate students,
post-doctoral researchers and research scientists. Completion of this series
satisfies grant funding requirements for the National Institutes of Health (NIH)
and the National Science Foundation (NSF). Please contact the Office of Research
for questions regarding RCR series registration.

Registration is required.
Contact Info:
Mary Beth Goodnight,
Questions? Email me.
Share this event on:

Email to a Friend

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 20, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Few Boston Officers Faulted In Inquiry Into Stuart Case

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 12; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 326 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Aug. 19


Police Commissioner Francis M. Roache today released the results of an internal
investigation into police misconduct in the handling of the 1989 slaying of
Carol Stuart, saying that the inquiry had found little fault with its officers
but that one detective would be suspended for five days without pay for
violating police practices.

Of 27 allegations of police misconduct reported by various witnesses in a
separate investigation last year by the United States Attorney's office, only
three were substantiated in the department's investigation.

Four officers had been accused of misconduct, but only in the case of Peter
O'Malley, a detective with 31 years of service, was there such a finding. The
department said he had used offensive language, had made an inappropriate
comment that was construed as a threat and had been negligent in preparing a
search warrant.

Black Neighborhood Searched

Mrs. Stuart, who was pregnant, was shot and killed in October 1989 after leaving
a childbirth class with her husband, Charles.

The police suspected William Bennett, a black man with a criminal record,
because Mr. Stuart said a black man had shot his wife, and in their search for
Mr. Bennett they stopped and searched many members of his predominantly black
neighborhood.

When the police subsequently made Mr. Stuart a suspect, he jumped from a bridge
and drowned.

The investigation into the handling of the Stuart case was reopened last year
after Wayne Budd, the United States Attorney at the time, found "evidence of
police misconduct," including allegations that the police had forced witnesses
to give false statements by coercion, theatening potential witnesses with
arrest, imprisonment and physical violence.

Mr. Budd said there was insufficient evidence to indict officers under Federal
civil rights laws, but recommended that the police department conduct an
internal investigation and take appropriate disciplinary action.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Rules to Stop Pupil and Teacher From Getting Too Social Online

BYLINE: By JENNIFER PRESTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1291 words


Faced with scandals and complaints involving teachers who misuse social media,
school districts across the country are imposing strict new guidelines that ban
private conversations between teachers and their students on cellphones and
online platforms like Facebook and Twitter.

The policies come as educators deal with a wide range of new problems. Some
teachers have set poor examples by posting lurid comments or photographs
involving sex or alcohol on social media sites. Some have had inappropriate
contact with students that blur the teacher-student boundary. In extreme cases,
teachers and coaches have been jailed on sexual abuse and assault charges after
having relationships with students that, law enforcement officials say, began
with electronic communication.

But the stricter guidelines are meeting resistance from some teachers because of
the increasing importance of technology as a teaching tool and of using social
media to engage with students. In Missouri, the state teachers union, citing
free speech, persuaded a judge that a new law imposing a statewide ban on
electronic communication between teachers and students was unconstitutional.
Lawmakers revamped the bill this fall, dropping the ban but directing school
boards to develop their own social media policies by March 1.

School administrators acknowledge that the vast majority of teachers use social
media appropriately. But they also say they are increasingly finding compelling
reasons to limit teacher-student contact. School boards in California, Florida,
Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Texas and Virginia have updated or are revising their social media policies this
fall.

''My concern is that it makes it very easy for teachers to form intimate and
boundary-crossing relationships with students,'' said Charol Shakeshaft,
chairwoman of the Department of Educational Leadership at Virginia Commonwealth
University, who has studied sexual misconduct by teachers for 15 years. ''I am
all for using this technology. Some school districts have tried to ban it
entirely. I am against that. But I think there's a middle ground that would
allow teachers to take advantage of the electronic technology and keep kids
safe.''

Lewis Holloway, the superintendent of schools in Statesboro, Ga., imposed a new
policy this fall prohibiting private electronic communications after learning
that Facebook and text messages had helped fuel a relationship between an eighth
grade English teacher and her 14-year-old male pupil. The teacher was arrested
this summer on charges of aggravated child molestation and statutory rape, and
remains in jail awaiting trial.

''It can start out innocent and get more and more in depth quickly,'' said Mr.
Holloway, a school administrator for 38 years. ''Our students are vulnerable
through new means, and we've got to find new ways to protect them.''

Mr. Holloway said he learned of other sexual misconduct cases when consulting
with school administrators around the nation about social media policies. While
there is no national public database of sexual misconduct by teachers, dozens of
cases have made local headlines around the country this year.

In Illinois, a 56-year-old former language-arts teacher was found guilty in
September on sexual abuse and assault charges involving a 17-year-old female
student with whom he had exchanged more than 700 text messages. In Sacramento, a
37-year-old high school band director pleaded guilty to sexual misconduct
stemming from his relationship with a 16-year-old female student; her Facebook
page had more than 1,200 private messages from him, some about massages. In
Pennsylvania, a 39-year-old male high school athletic director pleaded guilty in
November to charges of attempted corruption of a minor; he was arrested after
offering a former male student gifts in exchange for sex.

School administrators are also concerned about teachers' revealing too much
information about their private lives. As part of a policy adopted last month in
Muskegon, Mich., public school employees were warned they could face
disciplinary charges for posting on social media sites photos of themselves
using alcohol or drugs. ''We wanted to have a policy that encourages interaction
between our students and parents and teachers,'' said Jon Felske, superintendent
for Muskegon's public schools. ''That is how children learn today and interact.
But we want to do it with the caveat: keep work work -- and keep private your
personal life.''

New York City, the nation's largest school district, has been at work on a
social media policy for months, and expects to have one in place by spring. In
the meantime, controversies over social media erupt regularly, like one earlier
this month over a Bronx principal whose Facebook page included a risque picture
that was then posted in the hallways of her school.

Richard J. Condon, special commissioner of investigation for New York City
schools, said there had been a steady increase in the number of complaints of
inappropriate communications involving Facebook alone in recent years -- 85
complaints from October 2010 through September 2011, compared with only eight
from September 2008 through October 2009.

What worries some educators is that overly restrictive policies will remove an
effective way of engaging students who regularly use social media platforms to
communicate.

''I think the reason why I use social media is the same reason everyone else
uses it: it works,'' said Jennifer Pust, head of the English department at Santa
Monica High School, where a nonfraternization policy governs both online and
offline relationships with students. ''I am glad that it is not more
restrictive. I understand we need to keep kids safe. I think that we would do
more good keeping kids safe by teaching them how to use these tools and navigate
this online world rather than locking it down and pretending that it is not in
our realm.''

Nicholas Provenzano, 32, who has been teaching English for 10 years at Grosse
Pointe High School in Michigan, acknowledged that ''all of us using social media
in a positive way with kids have to take 15 steps back whenever there is an
incident.'' But he said the benefits were many and that he communicated
regularly with his students in an open forum, mostly through Twitter, responding
to their questions about assignments. He has even shared a photo of his
6-month-old son. On occasion, he said, he will exchange private messages about
an assignment or school-related task. He said that in addition to modeling best
practices on social media use, he has been able to engage some students on
Twitter who would not raise their hand in class.

He also said social media networks allowed him to collaborate on projects in
other parts of the country. Facebook offers guidance for teachers and recommends
they communicate on a public page.

Some teachers, however, favor a sharply defined barrier. In Dayton, Ohio, where
the school board imposed a social media policy this fall, limiting teachers to
public exchanges on school-run networks, the leader of the teachers union
welcomed the rules. ''I see it as protecting teachers,'' said David A. Romick,
president of the Dayton Education Association. ''For a relationship to start
with friending or texting seems to be heading down the wrong path
professionally.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 25, 2011



CORRECTION: This article has been revised to reflect the following correction:
An article last Sunday about schools that are placing stricter limits on contact
between teachers and students through social media misspelled the city in
Michigan where Nicholas Provenzano, one of the teachers interviewed, works. It
is Grosse Pointe, not Grosse Point.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Lewis Holloway, a schools superintendent in Georgia, has
imposed a strict social media policy. (PHOTOGRAPH BY STEPHEN MORTON FOR THE NEW
YORK TIMES)
 Jennifer Pust, who teaches in California, believes social media can be useful
educational tools. (PHOTOGRAPH BY J. EMILIO FLORES FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company

                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 29, 1993, Thursday

NAACP wants Riverdale officer fired for using racial slur

BYLINE: By Judy Bailey STAFF WRITERriverdale; police; personnel; race;
relations; statements; protests

SECTION: EXTRA; Section I; Page 2

LENGTH: 376 words


Members of the NAACP want a suspended Riverdale police officer who uttered a
racial slur over the police radio fired for misconduct.

"We just think that officer will be ineffective when he returns to the streets,"
said Oscar Blalock, president of the Clayton County Chapter of the NAACP.

At a meeting of city officials and the NAACP earlier this week, Mr. Blalock also
requested that the city seek an outside investigation of the police department.
And Mr. Blalock wants all Riverdale officers to undergo sensitivity training.

Riverdale Detective Keith Noles, a six-year veteran, was suspended for three
weeks. He also will have a letter of reprimand placed in his file and has been
ordered to apologize to his fellow officers, said Chief Wayne Phillips.

City Attorney Morris Braswell said the punishment imposed by Chief Phillips is
appropriate.

"We just don't believe the officer's action is a terminating offense," Mr.
Braswell said. "His personnel file is clean except for two reprimands for
reporting to work late."

Chief Phillips said sensitivity training probably would help the present
situation and he welcomes an investigation of his department.

"We don't have anything to hide," he said.

The controversial incident occurred last week as Detective Noles was driving an
unmarked car to an elementary school to check on one of his children who had
been injured.

As the detective swerved to avoid a car that had pulled into his path, the
officer, who is white, made a derogatory statement not realizing his radio
microphone had jarred loose and accidentally switched on, Chief Phillips said.

The incident is the latest in a series of episodes that have shaken the
stability of the police force.

Earlier this year, the City Council disbanded the Public Safety Department and
re-established separate police and fire departments. Two Riverdale officers were
arrested two months ago and charged with murdering a strip club owner and
robbery.

And the department still is attempting to recover from a 3 1/2- minute training
videotape showing a uniformed officer using racial slurs in dealing with black
suspects. That incident forced the resignation of two officers and produced an
avalanche of death threats on the remaining officers.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931380103

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 29, 1993, Thursday

NAACP wants Riverdale officer fired for using racial slur

BYLINE: By Judy Bailey STAFF WRITERriverdale; police; personnel; race;
relations; statements; protests

SECTION: EXTRA; Section K; Page 2

LENGTH: 376 words


Members of the NAACP want a suspended Riverdale police officer who uttered a
racial slur over the police radio fired for misconduct.

"We just think that officer will be ineffective when he returns to the streets,"
said Oscar Blalock, president of the Clayton County Chapter of the NAACP.

At a meeting of city officials and the NAACP earlier this week, Mr. Blalock also
requested that the city seek an outside investigation of the police department.
And Mr. Blalock wants all Riverdale officers to undergo sensitivity training.

Riverdale Detective Keith Noles, a six-year veteran, was suspended for three
weeks. He also will have a letter of reprimand placed in his file and has been
ordered to apologize to his fellow officers, said Chief Wayne Phillips.

City Attorney Morris Braswell said the punishment imposed by Chief Phillips is
appropriate.

"We just don't believe the officer's action is a terminating offense," Mr.
Braswell said. "His personnel file is clean except for two reprimands for
reporting to work late."

Chief Phillips said sensitivity training probably would help the present
situation and he welcomes an investigation of his department.

"We don't have anything to hide," he said.

The controversial incident occurred last week as Detective Noles was driving an
unmarked car to an elementary school to check on one of his children who had
been injured.

As the detective swerved to avoid a car that had pulled into his path, the
officer, who is white, made a derogatory statement not realizing his radio
microphone had jarred loose and accidentally switched on, Chief Phillips said.

The incident is the latest in a series of episodes that have shaken the
stability of the police force.

Earlier this year, the City Council disbanded the Public Safety Department and
re-established separate police and fire departments. Two Riverdale officers were
arrested two months ago and charged with murdering a strip club owner and
robbery.

And the department still is attempting to recover from a 3 1/2- minute training
videotape showing a uniformed officer using racial slurs in dealing with black
suspects. That incident forced the resignation of two officers and produced an
avalanche of death threats on the remaining officers.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931380104

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

McAllen officer quits amid sexual misconduct investigation

BYLINE: Dave Hendricks, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


March 20--MCALLEN -- The FBI and Police Department recently started
investigating sexual misconduct allegations against a McAllen patrolman -- who
abruptly resigned after the woman lodged a formal complaint.

When police arrested a drunken driver last month, Officer Raul Ramirez allegedly
drove a female passenger home and "engaged in sexual conduct" with her, said
police Chief Victor Rodriguez.

The allegations surfaced Feb. 27 and remain under investigation. Ramirez
resigned, but investigators haven't charged him with any crime.

"He resigned immediately thereafter," Rodriguez said. "Now, given the
seriousness of the allegation, since that time we have notified the FBI of the
investigation."

The Police Department and FBI started a criminal investigation, which remains
ongoing, Rodriguez said. The San Antonio FBI spokeswoman couldn't immediately
comment on the investigation.

The Monitor attempted to contact both Ramirez and the woman on Wednesday without
success.

The incident started at 2:41 a.m. Feb. 18, when police stopped a vehicle in the
1100 block of South 15th Street, according to Police Department records.
Patrolmen arrested Leobardo Davila, 29, of McAllen on charges of driving while
intoxicated and possession of a controlled substance.

Davila's wife, Mirna, and another woman were also inside the vehicle, Rodriguez
said. Officer Ramirez apparently drove the other woman home to Mission and
"engaged in sexual conduct" with her, Rodriguez said, declining to elaborate.

Generally, police officers may not drive people home, Rodriguez said, and any
deviation from the policy would require approval from a supervisor. Ramirez
didn't seek approval and drove the woman home anyway.

Hours later, police arrested McAllen resident Mirna Davila, 33, on a driving
while intoxicated charge on the 2900 block of North Ware Road, according to
Police Department records.  About 10 days later, Mirna Davila heard about what
happened to her friend and contacted police, Rodriguez said. Police interviewed
the friend on Feb. 28 and started investigating.

Rodriguez confronted Ramirez with the complaint at 8 a.m. on March 3. Ramirez
resigned immediately afterward.

dhendricks@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140320-MC-McAllen-officer-quits-amid-sexual-misconduct
-investigation-0320-20140320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor

                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Court upholds firing of teacher for misconduct;
Leavenworth educator denies allegations she had sex with 18-year-old student

BYLINE: John Craig Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 406 words


A Leavenworth, Wash., high school teacher was properly fired for misconduct with
one of her students, according to a decision released this week by the
Washington Court of Appeals in Spokane.

Cascade High School art teacher Bonnie C. Powell denied allegations that she had
a sexual relationship with an 18-year-old student she regarded as a son, but
court documents say she knew he consumed alcohol on a trip to Europe under her
supervision.

Upholding a Chelan County Superior Court ruling, the appellate court rejected
Powell's contention that her dismissal was based on an improperly conducted
hearing and that she wasn't adequately represented in the hearing.

Powell, who is much older than the student, was suspended with pay in September
2001 after another teacher said she suspected Powell of misconduct.

Principal William Wadlington investigated, and was told by the student that
Powell had sex with him on one occasion, fondled him on another and offered to
share her bed on a third occasion.

The student also said Powell gave him alcohol during an April 2001 trip in which
Powell took three students to Europe, according to court documents.

Powell countered that the student was a drug and alcohol abuser who shouldn't be
believed.

The student told Wadlington that Powell had sex with him during the European
trip, and after the trip she fondled him when he spent the night at her house.
The youth also said Powell offered to share her bed when they spent the night in
the same hotel room during a trip to Philadelphia, according to court documents.

Powell reportedly had hired the student for odd jobs at her home in the summer
of 2001 and asked  him to accompany her to Philadelphia for a job interview. She
needed a companion because she suffered from diabetes and was prone to
hypoglycemic problems, the Court of Appeals stated.

The appellate decision says Powell was interviewed in Philadelphia for an
overseas teaching position. She had offered to take the student with her if she
got the job, so he could finish his education abroad, the court said.

A three-judge panel said a hearing officer who upheld Powell's dismissal
followed the correct procedures. The appellate judges also rejected Powell's
argument that she didn't have effective legal counsel during the hearing.

There is no constitutional right to competent legal advice in hearings involving
loss of a job rather than a professional license, the judges said.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 8, 2005 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

Court upholds firing of teacher for misconduct;
Leavenworth educator denies allegations she had sex with 18-year-old student

BYLINE: John Craig Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 406 words


A Leavenworth, Wash., high school teacher was properly fired for misconduct with
one of her students, according to a decision released this week by the
Washington Court of Appeals in Spokane.

Cascade High School art teacher Bonnie C. Powell denied allegations that she had
a sexual relationship with an 18-year-old student she regarded as a son, but
court documents say she knew he consumed alcohol on a trip to Europe under her
supervision.

Upholding a Chelan County Superior Court ruling, the appellate court rejected
Powell's contention that her dismissal was based on an improperly conducted
hearing and that she wasn't adequately represented in the hearing.

Powell, who is much older than the student, was suspended with pay in September
2001 after another teacher said she suspected Powell of misconduct.

Principal William Wadlington investigated, and was told by the student that
Powell had sex with him on one occasion, fondled him on another and offered to
share her bed on a third occasion.

The student also said Powell gave him alcohol during an April 2001 trip in which
Powell took three students to Europe, according to court documents.

Powell countered that the student was a drug and alcohol abuser who shouldn't be
believed.

The student told Wadlington that Powell had sex with him during the European
trip, and after the trip she fondled him when he spent the night at her house.
The youth also said Powell offered to share her bed when they spent the night in
the same hotel room during a trip to Philadelphia, according to court documents.

Powell reportedly had hired the student for odd jobs at her home in the summer
of 2001 and asked  him to accompany her to Philadelphia for a job interview. She
needed a companion because she suffered from diabetes and was prone to
hypoglycemic problems, the Court of Appeals stated.

The appellate decision says Powell was interviewed in Philadelphia for an
overseas teaching position. She had offered to take the student with her if she
got the job, so he could finish his education abroad, the court said.

A three-judge panel said a hearing officer who upheld Powell's dismissal
followed the correct procedures. The appellate judges also rejected Powell's
argument that she didn't have effective legal counsel during the hearing.

There is no constitutional right to competent legal advice in hearings involving
loss of a job rather than a professional license, the judges said.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review

                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                        July 2, 2016 Saturday 00:00 EST

The Prosecutors Who Aim to Kill;
Editorial

BYLINE: THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 551 words



HIGHLIGHT: Five men and women are responsible for a disproportionate number of
death sentences in the country.


One kept a paperweight model of an electric chair on his desk. Another boasted
about being named the "deadliest prosecutor in America" by the Guinness Book of
World Records and mocked defendants with intellectual disabilities. A third was
dragged from the courtroom when jurors who acquitted six defendants he had
charged with shooting police officers said he approached them and reached for
his gun.

These men are members of a very small club: five prosecutors who together are
responsible for about one of every seven death-row inmates nationwide.

Even as most states have moved away from capital punishment, the practice
continues to be used in a tiny fraction of counties, and under the leadership of
specific prosecutors, according to a new report by the Fair Punishment Project
at Harvard Law School.

The prosecutors are Joe Freeman Britt in North Carolina, Robert Macy in
Oklahoma, Donnie Myers in South Carolina, Lynne Abraham in Philadelphia and
Johnny Holmes in Texas. Of these five, only Mr. Myers remains in office. But
during their tenures, each either secured dozens of death sentences personally
or led offices that won hundreds. And each, in his or her way, embodies the
vindictive, idiosyncratic nature of state-sanctioned killing.

The five prosecutors also share a disturbing tendency to break the rules to win.
Mr. Macy - the one who pulled a gun on the jury - won 54 death sentences during
two decades as Oklahoma County's district attorney. But courts overturned almost
half of them, and they found him guilty of misconduct in one-third of them.
Three people he sent to death row were later exonerated.

In 2002, a federal appeals court said that Mr. Macy's persistent misconduct
"without doubt harmed the reputation of Oklahoma's criminal justice system."

Mr. Britt was found to have committed misconduct in more than a third of the 38
death penalty cases he had won; Mr. Myers, in nearly half of his 39 wins.
Another prosecutor said of Mr. Myers, "Virtually the only time you see him in
the courtroom is when he's trying to kill people."

Most revealing, the frequency of death sentences sought and won in these
prosecutors' counties dropped dramatically after they left office. During Mr.
Holmes's 21-year tenure, which ended in 2000, juries in Harris County, Tex.,
sentenced 201 people to death, almost one a month. Since 2008, the average has
been about one a year.

The report identifies eight more recent or current prosecutors who have sought
the death penalty far more than their colleagues around the country. And many of
their records are rife with misconduct. As long as the death penalty remains
legal, people like this will find their way into positions where they have the
power to make life-or-death decisions.

The United States is one of the last developed countries to continue killing its
citizens in the name of the state, but it is misleading to talk about the death
penalty as an American phenomenon. As the report shows, capital punishment today
is driven largely by individuals in a few locations. That is, the rate of death
sentences has less to do with the crimes of the people being prosecuted than
with the men and women doing the prosecuting.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),
and sign up for theOpinion Today newsletter.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                           January 21, 2016 Thursday

Criminal - Guilty plea - Drug lab

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 555  words


Where a judge allowed a defendant's motion to withdraw his plea of guilty to a
charge of possession of a class B controlled substance, that ruling must be
reversed because the plea was entered before the substance was tested by Annie
Dookhan at the William A. Hinton State Laboratory Institute.

"The issue presented on appeal is whether the Boston Municipal Court judge, who
accepted the defendant's guilty plea to possession of a class B controlled
substance approximately four months before the substance was tested at the
William A. Hinton State Laboratory Institute (the drug lab), abused her
discretion in allowing the defendant's motion to withdraw his guilty plea based
on a claim that the plea was not voluntary because the analysis of the cocaine
was conducted by Annie Dookhan. See Commonwealth v. Scott, 467 Mass. 336, 337-42
(2014). ...

"... In reaching her conclusion, the judge relied on Commonwealth v. Scott,
supra. In that case, the Supreme Judicial Court developed a two-pronged test to
apply in the drug lab cases. ... The test first requires a defendant to show
that egregious misconduct by the government occurred in his case. In cases where
Dookhan was the primary or confirmatory chemist, the defendant is entitled to a
conclusive presumption that such misconduct occurred and that it was egregious.
... Second, the defendant must demonstrate a reasonable probability that he
would not have pleaded guilty had he known of the misconduct. ... The judge here
concluded that the defendant met his burden under the first prong because
Dookhan signed both certificates as the primary chemist. As to the second prong,
the judge stated that '(n]o competent defense counsel, in a case such as this
where the only criminal charges (carrying a jail sentence] were drug offenses
and where (the] (d]efendant was barely seventeen years of age and had no prior
record, would have allowed his/her client to admit to sufficient facts had
he/she known of the malfeasance and mismanagement that had occurred at the
Hinton Laboratory at that time' (footnote omitted). ...

"The flaw in the judge's reasoning here is that no government misconduct
relating to the defendant's case occurred before the defendant entered his
guilty plea. The first prong of the test under Scott requires that the
misconduct precede the entry of the plea. ... Thus, even though the defendant is
entitled to a conclusive presumption that misconduct occurred on the ground that
Dookhan signed the drug certificates, he cannot show that the misconduct
'antedated the entry of his plea. ' In Scott, the drug lab tested the substance
in question and issued a drug certificate before the defendant entered his
guilty plea. ... Here, it is undisputed that the defendant pleaded guilty prior
to the testing of the cocaine upon which the charges were based and months prior
to the eventual issuance of the certificates by the drug lab. Consequently, the
judge erred in concluding that the defendant had met his burden under the first
prong of the test. "

Commonwealth v. Gorman (Lawyers Weekly No. 81-054-16) (7 pages) (Appeals Court -
Unpublished) (No. 15-P-22) (Jan. 20, 2016).

Click here to order the full text of the opinion.



http://www.masslawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday

Attorney wins point in cover-up case

BYLINE: Geoffrey Fattah Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 549 words


The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals has knocked a hole in the wall of secrecy
built up around federal law enforcement agency investigations.

In a 35-page ruling issued Friday, the court said Salt Lake City attorney Jesse
Trentadue is entitled to information in a federal report that may show
Department of Justice officials conducted a cover-up surrounding his brother's
death in a federal prison.

The 10th Circuit rejected claims made by the Integrity Committee of the
President's Council on Integrity and Efficiency that a report reviewing
allegations of misconduct in the investigation into the August 1995 death of
Kenneth Trentadue was not public because it was a law enforcement investigation.

The Integrity Committee also had argued that the actions of federal agents,
along with their identities, should not be made public, even if accused of
misconduct.

"Each of these individuals was a low-level employee who committed serious acts
of misconduct. The public interest in learning how law enforcement agencies
dealt with these individuals is very high, and that information must be
released," the ruling states.

Jesse Trentadue, whose family sued the government for wrongful death, claims his
brother was killed during interrogation by the FBI, which, in a case of mistaken
identity, thought Kenneth Trentadue was a suspect in the April 19, 1995, bombing
of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City that took the lives of
168 adults and children. In fact, Kenneth Trentadue was a California resident
who was picked up for a parole violation and transported to Oklahoma for
processing.

An official federal investigation by the Department of Justice concluded that
Kenneth Trentadue's death was the result of suicide. But when family members
received his body, the man was covered with bruises and blood.

Jesse Trentadue claims he ran across evidence that government workers had
destroyed documents and encouraged witnesses to lie about what took place at the
federal prison in Oklahoma City. Trentadue said the cover-up reached to the top
of the Department of Justice's high-ranking officials, including the
department's inspector general, whose job it is to police corruption within the
department.

After appealing the DOJ's decision, which upheld the suicide finding, Jesse
Trentadue appealed to the Integrity Committee, asking for a criminal
investigation. The committee suddenly dismissed the claim and refused to explain
why.

When Jesse Trentadue requested the committee's report under the Freedom of
Information Act, what he received were 50-some pages of blacked-out lines.

In particular, 10th Circuit judges said they were concerned when they discovered
that some of the information redacted by the government was clearly public
information.

Jesse Trentadue called Friday's ruling a victory for open government, adding the
decision extends beyond his case and will better allow citizens to watch-dog
federal government.

"I think it has stripped away and gutted the law enforcement privilege,"
Trentadue said.

The 10th Circuit has ordered the case reversed and remanded back to the district
court.

As for what is contained in the report, Trentadue said that until he sees those
contents, it remains to be seen just how that information will help his cause.
E-mail: gfattah@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            March 17, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Officer Requests Hearing In Case

BYLINE: MONICA SCANDLEN, mscandlen@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 311 words

DATELINE: PORT RICHEY


WOMAN ACCUSED HIM OF SEXUAL ENCOUNTER

By MONICA SCANDLEN

mscandlen@tampatrib.com

PORT RICHEY -- City police Officer Patrick Alu, who admitted having sexual
contact with a woman after answering her call for help, has requested a
predisciplinary hearing to give his side of the story to Chief Bill Sager.

Alu, 31, returned to work Wednesday after a week's vacation and was cited for
conduct unbecoming an officer. Sager will wait until after the March 21 hearing
to mete out disciplinary action against Alu. That could include firing him.

"All the facts are on the table here in this case," Sager said. "The facts are
what they are."

An internal affairs investigation found Alu went to the 34-year-old woman's home
July 16 to respond to a stalking complaint. He returned when his shift ended at
midnight.

The woman told investigators that Alu, still in his police uniform, made a
sexual advance, then masturbated in front of her while her 8-year-old daughter
slept in another room. She said he had made several previous advances.

The woman said she was afraid to ask him to stop because he's a police officer.

Alu said the act was consensual and she was flirting with him.

The Pasco-Pinellas State Attorney's Office has declined to file criminal
charges.

Once Sager decides the punishment, Alu must serve it. Then he can file a
disciplinary grievance and appeal his punishment to City Manager Jerry Calhoun.

Down the road, Alu's law enforcement certification could be in jeopardy, Sager
said.

The chief will forward the disciplinary report to the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement, which oversees standards and training for police officers.

"They can do as much as up to revocation of certification," Sager said.

Reporter Monica Scandlen can be reached at (727) 815-1084.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 19, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

EX-SCHOOL OFFICIAL CHARGED IN COUNTY'S SEX CRACKDOWN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 334 words


Melvin L. Antrim, who resigned in May as superintendent of the St. Louis County
Special School District, was charged Tuesday with attempted sexual misconduct.
Antrim, 57, was among 21 men charged Tuesday in connection with a four-week
crackdown by St. Louis County police on sexual misconduct and narcotics
violations at highway rest areas in north and south St. Louis County. The morals
charges ranged from attempted sexual misconduct to indecent exposure. The
suspects ranged in age from 19 to 60.  Antrim's attorney, Sean O'Hagan, said his
client entered a not guilty plea.  The maximum penalty for attempted sexual
misconduct is 15 days in jail or a $300 fine.  Police said Antrim was arrested
at 10:50 p.m. May 18 in a parking lot at a rest area at Interstate 255 and Koch
Road in south St. Louis County. Police said Antrim approached an unmarked police
van, started a conversation with a plainclothes police officer and asked if the
officer performed a homosexual activity. The officer then arrested Antrim. He
was released pending application for charges.  Antrim, of the 500 block of
Nandale Lane in Manchester, resigned his school post five days after the arrest.
Over the last four years, county police have arrested 340 men for sexual
misconduct or indecent exposure at the rest area at I-255 and Koch and at the
one at 700 Dunn Road in north St. Louis County.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             May 24, 2012 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SECRET CIRCUS Agent chief grilled: Q Do you have a problem? A No.* *Except for
64 cases of sexual antics, oh, and these slipups

BYLINE: BY JOSEPH STRAW and JONATHAN LEMIRE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With Alison
Gendar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 396 words


THE SECRET Service has become the Secret Circus.

Director Mark Sullivan took a beating on Capitol Hill Wednesday as he insisted
with a straight face the shocking Colombia hooker scandal was an isolated
incident.

Testimony during the grilling, however, revealed an agency with a history of
sordid sexual shenanigans.

"The behavior is morally repugnant," said Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) as she
tore into Sullivan, who was hauled before the Senate for the Cartagena
embarrassment.

Nine agents were forced out for their boozy brouhaha in Colombia.

"This is not a cultural issue - this is not a systemic issue with us," Sullivan
maintained. "I am deeply disappointed, and I apologize for the misconduct of
these employees, and the distraction which it had caused."

But the Homeland Security Department's inspector general testified to an
eye-popping 64 allegations of sexual misconduct against Secret Service personnel
in just the past five years.

In the most egregious incident, a uniformed Secret Service officer was arrested
and later canned for trying to hire a Washington hooker in 2008 while driving
his patrol car.

"Talk about stupidity," quipped Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman, who lead the
hearing.

Proof of the outrageous behavior stretched back a decade:

Five agents were sent home during the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Olympics amid
claims they partied with underage girls.

Lieberman said the agency fostered an "Animal House" culture and that agents had
engaged "in risky behavior."

The curtain was pulled back on the Secret Service members' randy exploits in
Cartagena after married agent Arthur Huntington refused to pay his hooker,
resulting in a public squabble.

An investigation into the tawdry night implicated nearly two dozen agents and
military personnel.

The Daily News reported exclusively that Huntington had multiple affairs on
previous trips, sexcapades stretching from Ireland to New York to Texas - where
he was protecting President George W. Bush.

Still, Sullivan stuck to his guns.

"We did use every investigative tool we had, to include polygraph interviews,
talking to other people, looking at records."

"Thus far, we have not found that this type of behavior was exhibited by any of
these individuals before," he added.

Asked if the interrogations were conducted under oath, Sullivan stammered, "I'll
have to get back to you on that, Senator."

jlemire@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SECRET SERVICE DIRECTOR MARK SULLIVAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.

                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2011 Friday

Bainbridge police undergo misconduct policies review

BYLINE: Tristan Baurick, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


July 08--BAINBRIDGE ISLAND -- The city is hiring a former Seattle police
watchdog to review the Bainbridge Island Police Department's misconduct
investigation procedures.

The review is limited in scope, with much of the focus on documented policies
and internal structures rather than an investigation into individual complaints
against officers or police discipline files.

"We are hoping to take a close look at our procedures and policies, and build
back the community's trust in our police department," Mayor Kirsten Hytopoulos
said.

The review will be conducted by police accountability consultant Sam Pailca. She
served for six years as the Seattle Police Department's first Office of
Professional Accountability director, a job that often put her at odds with
rank-and-file officers. She was particularly critical of officer relations with
ethnic minorities.

Hytopoulos stressed that the review was not sparked by any single incident. She
said city leaders have heard several complaints about police conduct.

"More than anything, this is about the well-known strained relationship between
the community and police department," she said.

The three most prominent police misconduct cases in recent years have been the
allegation of a sexual and physical assault against a Bainbridge woman during a
drunken-driving arrest in 2007, an alleged unlawful arrest of an officer's
purportedly suicidal wife, also in 2007, and the police shooting death of a
mentally-ill man late last year. All three incidents have led to lawsuits
against Bainbridge police.

Hytopoulos said the City Council began considering a police misconduct policy
review last year before the October police shooting of Douglas Ostling.

A proposed contract with Pailca was brought to the council this week after
council members expressed "recent particular interest" in police misconduct
issues, Interim City Manager Brenda Bauer said.

Councilwoman Debbi Lester said she would like a review with a broader scope,
possibly including interviews with police officers.

Other council members preferred a limited focus -- at least for now.

"I see this as a first step, and something the (police) chief and the consultant
worked out as a beginning overview," Councilman Bob Scales said.

Pailca will charge the city $175 per hour for an estimated 30 hours of work. The
contract is not to exceed $7,000.

Hytopoulos said the contract could be extended or broadened depending on
Pailca's findings.

Pailca is scheduled to begin her review Monday and deliver a report to the city
by Aug. 31.

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110708-1BR-Bainbridge-police-undergo-misconduct
-policies-review-0708-20110708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2011 Kitsap Sun

                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 7, 2011 Thursday

Bainbridge police undergo misconduct policies review

BYLINE: Tristan Baurick, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


July 07--BAINBRIDGE ISLAND -- The city is hiring a former Seattle police
watchdog to review the Bainbridge Island Police Department's misconduct
investigation procedures.

The review is limited in scope, with much of the focus on documented policies
and internal structures rather than an investigation into individual complaints
against officers or police discipline files.

"We are hoping to take a close look at our procedures and policies, and build
back the community's trust in our police department," Mayor Kirsten Hytopoulos
said.

The review will be conducted by police accountability consultant Sam Pailca. She
served for six years as the Seattle Police Department's first Office of
Professional Accountability director, a job that often put her at odds with
rank-and-file officers. She was particularly critical of officer relations with
ethnic minorities.

Hytopoulos stressed that the review was not sparked by any single incident. She
said city leaders have heard several complaints about police conduct.

"More than anything, this is about the well-known strained relationship between
the community and police department," she said.

The three most prominent police misconduct cases in recent years have been the
allegation of a sexual and physical assault against a Bainbridge woman during a
drunken-driving arrest in 2007, an alleged unlawful arrest of an officer's
purportedly suicidal wife, also in 2007, and the police shooting death of a
mentally-ill man late last year. All three incidents have led to lawsuits
against Bainbridge police.

Hytopoulos said the City Council began considering a police misconduct policy
review last year before the October police shooting of Douglas Ostling.

A proposed contract with Pailca was brought to the council this week after
council members expressed "recent particular interest" in police misconduct
issues, Interim City Manager Brenda Bauer said.

Councilwoman Debbi Lester said she would like a review with a broader scope,
possibly including interviews with police officers.

Other council members preferred a limited focus -- at least for now.

"I see this as a first step, and something the (police) chief and the consultant
worked out as a beginning overview," Councilman Bob Scales said.

Pailca will charge the city $175 per hour for an estimated 30 hours of work. The
contract is not to exceed $7,000.

Hytopoulos said the contract could be extended or broadened depending on
Pailca's findings.

Pailca is scheduled to begin her review Monday and deliver a report to the city
by Aug. 31.

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110707-1BR-Bainbridge-police-undergo-misconduct
-policies-review-0707-20110707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2011 Kitsap Sun

                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday

Court: Police hearings can be in private

BYLINE: By Thomas Peele, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: TIMES-STAR; Tribune; Local

LENGTH: 530 words


Public hearings of misconduct complaints against police officers violate their
rights to confidentiality in personnel matters, an Alameda County Superior Court
Judge has ruled.

In a 17-page decision released Friday, Superior Court Judge Winifred Smith
decided in favor of the Berkeley Police Association, which for years has tried
to close meetings of the city's Police Review Commission to the public.

"This confirms that there are no further public hearings," said Alison Berry
Wilkinson, a Pleasant Hill attorney who represents Berkeley officers.

"This is a sad day for public accountability," Berkeley City Attorney Manuela
Albuquerque said in a statement. "The decision shields police conduct from
public scrutiny, even though police officers wield awesome and intrusive
powers."

Albuquerque said she will meet with the City Council next week to discuss
whether to appeal.

Smith's decision follows a California Supreme Court decision last year that
ruled all personnel matters involving police, including misconduct cases, are
not public. That case involved a fired San Diego County sheriff's deputy who
argued that records of the deputy's appeal to the county Civil Service
Commission were confidential.

Wilkinson said there is "no doubt that the (Berkeley) case turned on" the San
Diego ruling.

On Monday, the California Newspaper Publishers Association's general counsel
said his group and the American Civil Liberties Union are co-sponsoring
legislation aimed atoverturning the impact of the San Diego case.

Assembly member Mark Leno, D-San Francisco and state Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los
Angeles, each will introduce such legislation later this month, said the
publishers association lawyer, Tom Newton.

"The only hope is for the legislature to act and recreate an environment in
which cities can decide for themselves if they want to allow public
accountability," Newton said.

The bill would allow cities to hold public hearings on misconduct allegations.
Prior to the San Diego decision, Oakland, Berkeley, San Francisco and Los
Angeles conducted at least some police disciplinary decision-making in public.
Other than Berkeley, the cities stopped public hearings after the Supreme Court
ruling involving the San Diego deputy.

The bills would also allow disclosure under the California Public Records Act of
what Newton called "the basic facts" in cases where serious discipline is meted
out against police officers. Unproved allegations and what Newton called trivial
disciplinary matters would be exempt.

Wilkinson said police officers' reputations can be easily ruined by false
allegations, and the basic nature of their jobs requires their reputations be
protected, she said. Those protections, she added, deserve to be extended to
cases even where allegations are found to be true, because if "the decisions can
reversed, the bell cannot be unrung. You can't go back."

Other government employees enjoy no such protections. When allegations against
them are found to be true and discipline is imposed, the details of the case are
disclosable under state law.

Newton and other advocates of open government say the taxpayers need and have a
right to apply the same scrutiny to police.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday
                               SUN FINAL Edition

Morning Briefing

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2CC

LENGTH: 585 words


NCAA MAY APPROVE CLASSROOM REGS

HOUSTON Soon after Syracuse or North Carolina two schools that have been
entangled in academic misconduct issues plays for the national championship, the
NCAA Division I council is likely to approve the first changes in 33 years to
the way the association regulates classroom improprieties.

Later this week, the Division I council will consider a proposal passed last
year by the committee on academics.

The hope is that the proposal will provide clarity on when the NCAA should be
involved in academic misconduct cases. The reality is the NCAA cannot take the
lead in policing how a university is educating its students.

Syracuse was sanctioned by the NCAA last year after a long investigation found a
lack of institutional control. The bulk of the violations concerned athletic
department officials interfering with academics and making sure star players
stayed eligible. In that case, the problems more clearly stepped into the NCAA's
domain.

At North Carolina, the NCAA is investigating the role of athletic department
staffers in steering athletes toward bogus independent studies classes. The NCAA
took a while to become involved in North Carolina's issues because the fake
classes were available to all students, not just athletes. NCAA president Mark
Emmert has said, without being specific, the conclusion of that investigation is
near.

Fleury sidelined with concussion NEW YORK Pittsburgh goaltender Marc Andre
Fleury has a concussion and did not travel to New York for the Penguins' game
against the Islanders.

This is Fleury's second concussion this season. He missed eight games in
December with postconcussion symptoms.

Fleury has a 35 17 6 record in 58 games with a 2.29 goals against average and
.921 save percentage.

Azarenka continues dominance KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. Victoria Azarenka completed a
rare Indian Wells Key Biscayne double by beating Svetlana Kuznetsova 6 3, 6 2 to
win the Miami Open.

Azarenka, a two time Grand Slam champion mounting a comeback from injuries,
defeated Serena Williams in the Indian Wells, Calif., final two weeks ago. She's
only the third woman to win both tournaments in the same year, and the first
since Kim Clijsters in 2005.

Four star receiver commits to CU. Jaylon Jackson, a junior at Cedar Hill (Texas)
High School who recently ran the 100 meter dash in 10.55 seconds and is a four
star recruit by Rivals.com, committed to the University of Colorado for the 2017
class.

The 5 foot 10, 150 pound wide receiver also had offers from Arizona State,
Missouri, Oklahoma State and other schools.

Defending UFC champ injures leg LOS ANGELES UFC light heavyweight champion
Daniel Cormier was forced out of his upcoming title defense against Jon Jones
with an injured left leg.

Ovince Saint Preux will step in for Cormier in Jones' comeback fight at UFC 197
on April 23. Jones and Saint Preux will fight for an interim title belt.

Home game earned by Mammoth UNCASVILLE, CONN. The Mammoth's 12 10 win over the
New England Black Wolves secured a home playoff game for Colorado and no worse
than the West Division's No. 2 seed.

Footnotes. No. 1 overall seed Connecticut faces No. 2 Oregon State at 4 p.m. on
ESPN in the first game of the NCAA women's Final Four, followed by No. 4
Syracuse against No. 7 Washington at 6:30 p.m. on ESPN2. The semifinal winners
play Tuesday night. ... University of Denver men's lacrosse opened league play
with a 17 4 victory over Georgetown for its 16th straight win in the Big East.
Denver Post staff and wire services

LOAD-DATE: April 06, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday

Trump campaign rocked by new allegations of sexual misconduct

LENGTH: 996 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 15 -- 30

SHARES

ShareTweet

Donald Trump's fragile campaign has been hit by fresh allegations of
inappropriate behaviour with two more women alleging that he made unwanted
sexual advances and groped them, even as the Republican presidential candidate
dismissed it as "lies" and a media plot against him.

Joining the increasing list of women accusing Trump of sexual misconduct, Summer
Zervos, a former contestant of the reality TV show "The Apprentice", alleged
that the Republican presidential candidate made unwanted sexual advances and
groped her in 2007.

"Lies, lies, lies," Trump asserted at a rally last night in Greensboro, North
Carolina, referring to sexual misconduct allegations reported by the New York
Times and other media.

Trump also hit out at Jessica Leeds, who told The New York Times that he groped
and kissed her as they sat next to each other on a plane in the 1980s.

"Believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you," Trump said.

At a news conference in Los Angeles, Zervos alleged that the incident took place
after she was eliminated from "The Apprentice" show Season 5 and approached
Trump for work at one of his golf courses.

Zervos alleged that after an initial uncomfortable meeting in which he kissed
her, Trump called Zervos when he came to Los Angeles and asked her to meet him
at a Beverly Hills Hotel, besides enquiring where she would like to have dinner.

Zervos alleged that it was then that Trump made unwanted sexual advances at her
and groped her.

However, John Berry, a first cousin of Zervos said that the press conference by
her was a publicity stunt as all these years she said nothing but praised Trump.

In a report published yesterday, Kristin Anderson told The Washington Post that
Trump had groped her at a New York night spot in the early 1990s.

Trump appeared to reference the allegation at the North Carolina rally, saying,
"One came out recently where I was sitting alone in some club. I really don't
sit alone that much. Honestly, folks, I don't think I sit alone." However, the
Post said Anderson never said that Trump was alone.

READ Donald Trump lacks temperament, knowledge or "basic honesty" to be US prez:
Barack Obama

Trump also denied the allegations made by Zervos, saying, "I vaguely remember
Ms. Zervos as one of the many contestants on The Apprentice over the years. To
be clear, I never met her at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately a decade
ago."

"That is not who I am as a person, and it is not how I've conducted my life. In
fact, Ms. Zervos continued to contact me for help, emailing my office on April
14th of this year asking that I visit her restaurant in California," Trump said.

The accusation against Trump comes just days after at least five women accused
him of sexual assault and harassment, threatening the controversial Republican
presidential nominee's already fragile campaign that was rocked by the surfacing
of a video in which he is seen making lewd remarks about women.

Trump also slammed the media, saying, "The corrupt media is trying to do
everything in their power to stop our movement.

The 70-year-old real estate tycoon has also been claiming

that the media and a "global elite" are working against him.

"Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the
destruction of US sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial powers,
her special interest friends and her donors," Trump told supporters in Florida.

In reference to Clinton's accusation that Trump was "stalking" her during last
Sunday's debate, the bombastic Republican told his supporters that he was not
impressed when she had simply walked in front of him.

"Let me tell you something about Hillary Clinton. She's got nothing going, she's
got nothing. The only thing she's got going is the media. She's got nothing,"
Trump told his supporters at an election rally in North Carolina yesterday.

"The other day I'm standing, I told you this. But I'm standing at my podium and
she walks in front of me, right? She walks in front of me, you know? And when
she walked in front of me, believe me I wasn't impressed," he said.

READ Donald Trump's Jr. compares Syrian refugees to poisoned candies

The second presidential debate on October 10 turned nasty from the start.
Clinton did not shake hands with the 70-year-old Trump as the two rivals walked
on the stage at the Washington University here, a clear sign of the escalated
rivalry between them, before proceeding for the fiery 90- minute clash attacking
each other's character.

Meanwhile, Obama, while campaigning for Clinton in Cleveland, warned that much
is at stake in the election.

He hit out at Trump as a dictator-in-the-making.

"Tolerance is on the ballot. All the progress we made in the last eight years is
on the ballot. Democracy itself is on the ballot right now," Obama said.

Trump yesterday also called himself a "victim" as more women continued to come
forward, accusing him of sexual assault and harassment.

"As you have seen, I am a victim of one of the great political smear campaigns
in the history of our country," he said at a rally in Charlotte, North Carolina.

"They are coming after me to try and destroy what is considered by even them the
greatest movement in the history of our country," he said.

Trump's comments came as he once again alleged it is "all false stuff" and there
is a "concerted effort" to take down his campaign, ignoring calls from his
campaign advisers to focus on economic issues rather than responding to the
allegations.

"My people always say, 'Don't talk about it, talk about jobs, talk about the
economy,'" Trump explained to his supporters in Greensboro. "But I feel I have
to talk about it because you have to dispute when somebody says something.

Shares

Share on Facebook

Share on Twitter

30

SHARES

ShareTweet

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

United States Courts Opinions: Supreme Court of New York: Matter of Finkelstein

LENGTH: 752  words

DATELINE: Albany


Supreme Court of New York has issued the following order:


Matter of Finkelstein
2014 NY Slip Op 03962
Decided on June 3, 2014
Appellate Division, First Department
Per Curiam
Published by New York State Law Reporting Bureau pursuant to Judiciary Law §
431.
This opinion is uncorrected and subject to revision before publication in the
Official Reports.


Decided on June 3, 2014 SUPREME COURT, APPELLATE DIVISION First Judicial
Department
David Friedman,Justice Presiding,
Dianne T. Renwick
Karla Moskowitz
Rosalyn H. Richter
Paul G. Feinman,Justices.

M-691

[*1]In the Matter of Terry J. Finkelstein (admitted as Terry Joel Finkelstein),
an attorney and counselor-at-law: Departmental Disciplinary Committee for the
First Judicial Department, Petitioner, Terry J. Finkelstein, Respondent.


Disciplinary proceedings instituted by the Departmental Disciplinary Committee
for the First Judicial Department. Respondent, Terry J. Finkelstein, was
admitted to the Bar of the State of New York at a Term of the Appellate Division
of the Supreme Court for the First Judicial Department on August 26, 1985.


Jorge Dopico, Chief Counsel, Departmental

Disciplinary Committee, New York

(Roberta N. Kolar, of counsel), for petitioner.

Respondent pro se.

PER CURIAM

Respondent Terry J. Finkelstein was admitted to the practice

of law in the State of New York by the First Judicial Department on August 26,
1985. Respondent was also admitted in New Jersey in 1985 where he maintains an
office for the practice of law.

In July 2004, the Supreme Court of New Jersey publicly reprimanded respondent
for misconduct committed in connection with a real estate matter and related
litigation. Subsequently, in March 2010, the Supreme Court of New Jersey
censured respondent for misconduct committed in connection with an estate
matter. The Departmental Disciplinary Committee now seeks an order, pursuant to
the Rules of the Appellate Division, First Department (22 NYCRR) § 603.3,
imposing the sanction of public censure upon respondent or, in the alternative,
sanctioning respondent as this Court deems appropriate. The Committee served the
petition on respondent at his registered address in New Jersey and he submitted
a letter in response.

Respondent does not assert any of the defenses to reciprocal discipline
enumerated at 22 NYCRR 603.3(c), to wit: a lack of notice and opportunity to be
heard in the foreign jurisdiction; an infirmity of proof establishing the
misconduct; and the misconduct at issue in the foreign jurisdiction would not
constitute misconduct in New York. Rather, respondent, pro se, does not object
to the imposition of reciprocal discipline, acknowledges that he is "subject to
reciprocal discipline" and does "not contest the disciplinary action."

In New Jersey, respondent received notice of the allegations against him,
admitted his misconduct and testified at each hearing held in connection with
the two disciplinary proceedings. In addition, the record fully supports the New
Jersey Supreme Court's findings of misconduct. Finally, respondent's misconduct
in New Jersey would constitute misconduct under several provisions of the New
York disciplinary rules -- namely, Code of Professional Responsibility DR
5-108(a)(2) (22 NYCRR 1200.27[a];[2]), improper use of confidences or secrets of
a former client; DR 6-101(a)(3) (22 NYCRR 1200.30[a];[3]), neglect; DR
7-101(a)(2) (22 NYCRR 1200.32[a];[2]), failure to carry out a contract of
employment; DR 9-102(a) (22 NYCRR 1200.46[a]), nonvenal misappropriation; and DR
9-102(d) (22 NYCRR 1200.46[d]), failure to keep required records. Thus, the only
issue before this Court is the sanction to impose.

As a general rule in reciprocal disciplinary matters, this Court gives
significant weight to the sanction imposed in the jurisdiction in which
respondent was initially charged (see Matter of Jaffe, 78 AD3d 152, 158 [1st
Dept 2010]; Matter of Jarblum, 51 AD3d 68, 71-72 [1st Dept 2008]). In this
matter, a public censure is in accord with this Court's precedent involving
similar misconduct (see e.g. Matter of Rosenberg, 109 AD3d 225 [1st Dept 2013];;
Matter of Goldsmith, 61 AD3d 132 [1st Dept 2009]; Matter of Weiner, 10 AD3d 92
[1st Dept 2004]).

Accordingly, the Committee's petition is granted and respondent is publicly
censured pursuant to 22 NYCRR 603.3.

All concur.

Order filed. [June 3, 2014];

Friedman, J.P., Renwick, Moskowitz, Richter, and Feinman, JJ.

Respondent publicly censured. Opinion Per Curiam. All concur.

For further information please visit: http://www.courts.state.ny.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 15, 2006 Wednesday

Atlantic Beach police officer arrested on misconduct charges

SECTION: LAW & DISORDER; Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 650 words


Authorities arrested an Atlantic Beach police officer Monday on official
misconduct charges, saying he falsified attendance certificates for police
training classes and collected $3,800 in pay for that time.

Officer Larry Ray Scott Jr., 28, of Jacksonville is on paid leave as the city
does an internal investigation separate from the criminal investigation,
Atlantic Beach Public Safety Director David Thompson said. Authorities took away
Scott's gun, badge and police car.

A judge released Scott from the Duval County jail on his own recognizance after
his arrest about 3 p.m. Monday on two counts of official misconduct by a public
servant by falsifying records, according to police records.

Scott has been on the police force about four years and before that was a police
officer in North Carolina, Thompson said.

Atlantic Beach Police officials told the State Attorney's Office they suspected
two training certificates Scott submitted from the University of North
Florida-based Institute of Police Technology and Management weren't real.

An investigation showed Scott didn't go to the classes, Thompson said.

"Exactly where he was and what he was doing is a good question," the public
safety director said, calling the situation an embarrassing one for the agency.

Bridget Murphy

YOUTH CRITICAL AFTER SHOOTING

A 17-year-old youth was in critical condition Tuesday after being shot behind an
apartment complex in Northwest Jacksonville the night before, police said.

Authorities had not confirmed his identity, police spokesman Rick Wood said.

Police were called to Washington Heights Apartments at 4229 Moncrief Road West
about 8:15 p.m. but couldn't find anything, according to a Sheriff's Office
report.

Ten minutes later, police were told about a shooting victim at Shands
Jacksonville, authorities said. They didn't release any other details.

Bridget Murphy

MOTORCYCLIST DIES OF INJURIES

A Jacksonville motorcyclist who crashed Sunday has died, police said Tuesday.

Thomas Haley Williams, 24, was northbound on Charles Bennett Drive at 11:30 p.m.
Sunday when his Honda went onto its side.

Williams was not wearing a helmet, police said.

Ken Lewis

SEXUAL BATTERY CHARGES

A Jacksonville man was charged Monday with four felony charges of sexual battery
after being accused of having molested a 16-year-old girl from the time she was
about 8 years old.

Steven David Baas, 35, was being held without bail in the Duval County jail.

Bridget Murphy

WOMAN DIES OF INJURIES

A woman who apparently jumped from a moving sport utility vehicle Sunday in
Jacksonville has died, authorities said Tuesday.

Rafael M. Hernandez, 20, of Jacksonville told police he was driving on Philips
Highway about 2:30 a.m. Sunday when his girlfriend, Rosa I. Frausto, 27, jumped
out. He was going about 30 mph, a crash report said.

Shortly before she got out of the vehicle, Hernandez told police, she told him,
"If you don't buy beer, I am going to jump from the car."

He helped Frausto back into the SUV and went home, but an acquaintance called
authorities.

Bridget Murphy

CLAY COUNTY

WOMAN REPORTS ABDUCTION

Clay County detectives are investigating a woman's report she was abducted
Thursday in Jacksonville before her assailant sexually assaulted her, tied her
up in the woods and tried to set her on fire.

The woman's boyfriend called the Jacksonville Sheriff's Office and reported her
missing about 8:30 p.m. Thursday when she didn't return from a shopping trip,
according to police. He told police the woman called him from her cell phone,
telling him she was in a black truck and was hurt.

About 9:15 p.m., Clay County authorities answered a call about a fire on Wells
Road and found the woman.

She told them she had been kidnapped, assaulted and tied to something in the
woods off Wells Road in Orange Park before a fire was set, authorities said. The
woman then freed herself and called for help, she told Clay County authorities.

Bridget Murphy

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union

                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 24, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Nation & World Briefs

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 842 words


NATIONAL

Suspect in slaying at gay bar sentenced to four life terms

ROANOKE, Va. (AP) -- A drifter who told police he was angered by jokes about his
last name -- Gay -- was sentenced Monday to four life terms for a shooting
rampage in a gay bar that killed one and left six others wounded.

Ronald E. Gay, 55, told Circuit Judge Clifford Weckstein it would take months to
explain the Sept. 22 shooting at the Backstreet Cafe.

Gay pleaded guilty to first-degree murder and six malicious wounding charges. In
court and in interviews with police, he said he was on a mission to kill
homosexuals and was upset over the slang connotation of his last name.

According to witnesses, Gay walked into the bar, ordered a beer and opened fire
when he saw Danny Lee Overstreet, 43, and a friend, John Collins, bend to hug
each other. He shot both, then turned and wounded the others. Overstreet died at
the scene.

Judge avoids misconduct charges by enrolling in refresher course

 CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) -- A city judge known for lecturing traffic-ticket
defendants on morality and scolding attorneys for bad manners will avoid
misconduct charges after agreeing Monday to attend a three-week refresher course
on his duties and authorities.

Judge Walter Williams had faced trial on 26 charges of misconduct filed by
Tennessee's judicial disciplinary board.

While praised for allowing more than 830 teen-age offenders to avoid fines or
jail by earning general equivalency degrees, Williams' get-tough approach also
led to charges of illegally jailing a defense attorney who muttered when told
not to speak and holding a woman in jail for 77 days despite being authorized to
keep defendants for a maximum of 30.

Williams was also reprimanded in 1992 after a complaint that he used a paddle to
spank a teen-ager in his courtroom. A year later, he was reprimanded for making
jokes about a mentally ill defendant and possessing a gun in court.

INTERNATIONAL

Sukarno's daughter receives backing of Indonesia's military

 JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) -- Indonesia's first leader, President Sukarno, was
ousted from office 35 years ago by right-wing army generals. On Monday,
Sukarno's daughter rose to the presidency on a wave of support from the military
brass.

Several other groups that were part of the corruption-ridden, 32-year
dictatorship of former President Suharto -- the five-star general who brought
down Sukarno in 1966 -- also backed Megawati Sukarnoputri. These include
Indonesia's powerful business elite, the state bureaucracy and the judiciary.

"This is very bad news for Indonesia's democratic reforms and for the concept of
civilian supremacy over the military," said John Roosa, a historian specializing
in Southeast Asia.

The army's support for Megawati in the political struggle to replace President
Abdurrahman Wahid -- strikingly demonstrated when they deployed nearly 100 tanks
around the presidential palace on Sunday -- may enable them to regain the
pre-eminent position they held during the dictatorship.

Putin denies that he supports Bush missile defense plan

 MOSCOW (AP) -- President Vladimir Putin denied Monday that the Genoa summit
brought a breakthrough in the tense dispute over the United States' plans to
build a missile defense system but said there had been progress on which
negotiators could capitalize.

Putin's statement came a day after he and President Bush unexpectedly announced
in the Italian city that Russia and the United States would link talks on
missile defense with talks on cutting strategic nuclear weapons.

Russia has vehemently opposed the proposed U.S. nationwide missile-defense
system. That system would violate the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, which
Russia says is the keystone of world strategic stability.

The Genoa announcement fueled speculation the Kremlin was giving way in the face
of Bush's single-minded determination to push forward the system, and Putin on
Monday appeared to try to stifle that perception.

WASHINGTON

Congress approves government inspector to oversee FBI

WASHINGTON (AP) -- The House on Monday approved the creation of a new position
within the Justice Department to oversee the activities of the FBI. The action
was in response to a spate of recent incidents involving the FBI, including the
arrest of FBI agent Robert Hanssen on spying charges.

The position of deputy inspector general responsible for keeping tabs on the FBI
is established as part of a $17.6 billion bill to authorize Justice Department
programs in the fiscal year starting Oct. 1.

The FBI has come under fire over the Hanssen spying case, its failure to turn
over to lawyers all documents relating to the case of Oklahoma City bomber
Timothy McVeigh, its inability to account for all its firearms and computers and
problems in the handling of the case of Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee.

The House bill, which passed by voice vote and now goes to the Senate, adds $10
million to the president's budget request to expand the inspector general's
office.


LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 21, 2006 Monday
                                 SECOND EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 478 words


KANSAS CITY

Skelton pushes harsher penalties for recruiters

The ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee said Sunday he would
push to increase penalties for sexual misconduct by military recruiters.

Rep. Ike Skelton of Missouri was reacting to an investigation by The Associated
Press that found more than 80 military recruiters were disciplined last year for
sexual misconduct with potential recruits.

"These abuses by military recruiters are absolutely unacceptable," Skelton said
in a telephone interview from Washington. "The National Guard's recently adopted
rule of 'No One Alone' makes a great deal of sense and should be followed by all
services, whether active duty, National Guard or reserve."

The policy prohibits male recruiters from being alone in offices or anywhere
else with female enlistees.

MIDLOTHIAN, TEXAS

3 officers, trooper shot at apartment complex

Three police officers and a state trooper were shot and wounded Sunday during a
standoff at an apartment complex. The gunman had not surrendered Sunday evening.

Officers were called to the apartment complex because of a report of a broken
window in the town about 25 miles southwest of Dallas, Midlothian police said.

The officers found the window had been shot out and went to the apartment where
they believed the shots had been fired. There, police said the gunman opened
fire.

The four wounded officers were hospitalized.

CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla.

Work on shuttle won't hamper launching

Technicians have successfully swapped out two bolts securing a crucial
communications antenna on space shuttle Atlantis because engineers thought the
bolts were too short.

The last-minute work Sunday wasn't expected to affect the schedule for Atlantis'
planned launching next Sunday on a mission to resume construction on the
international space station.

"Everything went well and we're good to go," NASA spokeswoman Tracy Young said.

TOLEDO, OHIO

Newspaper locks out workers during talks

The Blade on Sunday locked out the nine employees of its engravers union, one of
several unions negotiating new contracts at the newspaper.

The newspaper will fill the jobs with management and temporary workers and does
not expect production to be interrupted, a spokeswoman said. The workers make
the plates needed to print the paper.

Eight unions representing about 650 workers have been negotiating with the
company since their contracts expired March 21.

The last contract agreement, in 2003, included a three-year wage freeze.

ANCHORAGE, ALASKA

Cruise ship discovers dead whale stuck on bow

The cruise ship Summit pulled into its Alaskan port with a 25- to 30-foot dead
whale pinned to its bow.

Federal officials investigating the incident said it did not appear the ship's
operators did anything wrong.

The ship's crew said they were surprised to learn they had hit a whale somewhere
after leaving Disenchantment Bay near Yakutat.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 6, 1996, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Excerpts From the Report On Policing the Schools

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 25;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 671 words


Following are excerpts from the report of the Mayor's Investigatory Commission
on School Safety urging that the police take over the Division of School Safety:


The Commission's View

For too long, the principals in our city's schools, as well as D.S.S. and the
board itself, have clung to the view, quoted so often to us during our work,
that the schoolhouse is like a "ship at sea" -- with the principal at its helm
-- separated from the community that surrounds it. Under this view, the school
principals, like the ship captain, should manage and direct the school safety
officers assigned to them and, together, they should approach school safety as
if it were disconnected from the surrounding neighborhood and community.

The commission emphatically rejects this view. The overwhelming evidence is that
the problem of crime and misconduct in the schools is intimately connected to
the violence and physical threats that our students face every day in their
streets and neighborhoods. A coordinated, integrated approach . . . managed by
law enforcement professionals . . . is, in the commission's view, the only way
we can hope forcefully and effectively to reduce crime and misconduct in the
schools.

The Problems

*D.S.S. failed to maintain an accurate, reliable and consistent system of
statistics regarding the level of crime and misconduct in the public schools.

*D.S.S. and board personnel in general, and school principals in particular,
consistently underreport crime and misconduct in the city's schools.

*Safety officers are assigned to schools, in large measure, without regard to
safety needs but, instead, on the basis of historical allocations that change
little from year to year. . . .

*D.S.S. has failed to define clearly the role of its school safety officers.
Some officers act, in effect, as in-school law enforcement officers who view
their principal job as enforcing the criminal laws. Others view their job as
assisting school principals in enforcing the chancellor's disciplinary code.
Most officers see their job as a mix of the two. . . .

*Supervisory ratios can be as high as 90:1.

*D.S.S. has failed to establish clear lines of supervisory authority over school
safety officers.

*School safety officers are inadequately recruited, screened and trained.

*School safety officers lack a clear career path, do not have meaningful
opportunities for advancement and suffer from persistent poor morale. . . .

*D.S.S. and the board have proved they are incapable of making (or are unwilling
to make) serious, significant, forward-looking, material changes in the way
D.S.S. operates. . . .

The Recommendations

*The Police Department should develop, after consultation with the board, a
uniform set of criteria by which to measure crime and misconduct in the schools.

*The collection and analysis of safety-related incident data regarding crime and
misconduct in the city's schools should be administered by the Police
Department, with school safety officers and their supervisors acting as the
primary reporters of such incident information.

*The Police Department should be charged with the responsibility for allocating
(and reallocating) school safety officers and other safety resources based on
the needs of individual schools.

*The role of school safety officers should be clearly defined as having as its
primary function the enforcement of criminal laws and the insuring of the
physical safety of students, teachers and school administrators. Secondarily,
school safety officers should share, with other school-based educational
personnel, the responsibility for rendering assistance and providing information
to principals as to violations of the chancellor's disciplinary code and other
rules relating to safety. . . .

*Ultimate supervisory authority over school safety officers should rest solely
with the Police Department.

*The Police Department should assume control for the recruitment, screening and
training of school safety officers.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Text

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Time to drag school sex abuse out of lockers

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 602 words


IT'S time to drag sexual misconduct in schools out of the locker rooms, hallways
and dark shadows and into the public spotlight.

A recent Associated Press investigation found that 2,570 educators were stripped
of, surrendered or denied teaching credentials or positions for sexual
misconduct involving public school students between 2001 and 2005. But that just
scratches the surface. A total of 313 cases were confirmed in California, but
many more are hidden from public view.

Few adult sexual abusers in schools are caught. Most cases aren't reported and
there's no consistent reporting or monitoring system. Many school officials are
reluctant to go public with such cases. As a result, many are swept under the
rug, allowing violators to move on to other school districts and repeat their
offenses with new girls and boys.

Mary Jo McGrath, a California attorney who's investigated misconduct in schools
for three decades, says, "Every single school district in the nation has at
least one perpetrator. It doesn't matter if it's urban or rural or suburban."
Professor Robert Shoop of Kansas State University says adult-student sexual
misconduct "is much more prevalent than people would think." Nine out of 10
times, the perpetrator is male.

A report to Congress estimates that 4.5 million -- almost 10 percent -- of 50
million K-12 students in American public schools are victims of sexual
misconduct before they graduate. While California law bars convicted sex
offenders from living near schools, others roam their hallways.

It is not, as we know from the history of sexual abuse and molestation,
something Americans want to know or talk about. Sexual and social taboos in
families, churches and other institutions are a tough topic to bring out of the
closet. The number of contacts between 3 million public school teachers and 50
million students, however, increases the odds that it happens in the hallowed
hallways of education.

So, what to do about it? We must stop hiding such offenses, bring them out into
the open. Teachers and other adults in education who molest or otherwise
sexually abuse students should be disciplined internally and, when possible,
charged with criminal offenses. Confidentiality agreements that hide
perpetrators should not be allowed.

Why educators are dismissed and disciplined is too often secret or cloaked in
such obscure terms as "general misconduct." It must be specific and part of the
public record. That way, offenders such as Gary Lindsey, who reportedly left a
trail of sexual abuse cases across the Midwest from 1964 until 1995, won't be
able to move from town to town abusing students.

There is a much greater need for oversight at the local level and across school
districts. Rep. Adam Putnam, R-Fla., has introduced a bill in Congress that
would set up a national registry for school sexual offenders and hot lines on
which such violations can be reported. States should do the same. It's a step
that is long overdue and if used diligently could help drive abusers out of
education.

Reporting such incidents should be mandatory. More thorough background checks
for credentials, licenses and hiring are needed. Once found guilty of sexual
abuse or molesting a student, a school employee should never be able to work in
schools again anywhere in our nation, let alone the same state.

As Kathy Buzad of the American Federation of Teachers says, "One incident of
sexual misconduct between a teacher and a student . . . is one too many."

It's time for districts, states and our nation to take the initiative to end
such practices. The next victim could be your son or daughter.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Time to drag school sexual abuse out of lockers

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 604 words


IT'S time to drag sexual misconduct in schools out of the locker rooms, hallways
and dark shadows and into the public spotlight.

A recent Associated Press investigation found that 2,570 educators were stripped
of, surrendered or were denied teaching credentials or positions for sexual
misconduct involving public school students between 2001 and 2005. But that just
scratches the surface. A total of 313 cases were confirmed in California, but
many more are hidden from public view.

Few adult sexual abusers in schools are caught. Most cases aren't reported, and
there's no consistent reporting or monitoring system. Many school officials are
reluctant to go public with such cases. As a result, many are swept under the
rug, allowing violators to move on to other school districts and repeat their
offenses with new girls and boys.

Mary Jo McGrath, a California attorney who has investigated misconduct in
schools for three decades says, "Every single school district in the nation has
at least one perpetrator. It doesn't matter if it's urban or rural or suburban."
Professor Robert Shoop of Kansas State University says adult-student sexual
misconduct "is much more prevalent than people would think." Nine out of 10
times, the perpetrator is male.

A report to Congress estimates that 4.5 million -- almost 10 percent -- of 50
million K-12 students in American public schools are victims of sexual
misconduct before they graduate. While California law bars convicted sex
offenders from living near schools, others roam their hallways.

It is not, as we know from the history of sexual abuse and molestation,
something Americans want to know or talk about. Sexual and social taboos in
families, churches and other institutions are a tough topic to bring out of the
closet. The number of contacts between 3 million public school teachers and 50
million students, however, increases the odds that it happens in the hallowed
hallways of education.

So, what do we do about it? We must stop hiding such offenses, bring them out
into the open. Teachers and other adults in education who molest or otherwise
sexually abuse students should be disciplined internally and, when possible,
charged with criminal offenses. Confidentiality agreements that hide
perpetrators should not be allowed.

Why educators are dismissed and disciplined is too often secret or cloaked in
such obscure terms as "general misconduct." It must be specific and part of the
public record. That way, offenders such as Gary Lindsey, who reportedly left a
trail of sexual abuse cases across the Midwest from 1964 until 1995, won't be
able to move from town to town abusing students.

There is a much greater need for oversight at the local level and across school
districts. Rep. Adam Putnam,

R-Fla., has introduced a bill in Congress that would set up a national registry
for school sexual offenders and hot lines on which such violations can be
reported. States should do the same. It's a step that is long overdue and if
used diligently could help drive abusers out of education.

Reporting such incidents should be mandatory. More thorough background checks
for credentials, licenses and hiring are needed. Once found guilty of sexual
abuse or molesting a student, a school employee should never be able to work in
schools again anywhere in our nation, let alone the same state.

As Kathy Buzad of the American Federation of Teachers says, "One incident of
sexual misconduct between a teacher and a student ... is one too many."

It's time for districts, states and our nation to take the initiative to end
such practices. The next victim could be your son or daughter.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Time to drag school sex abuse out of dark

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 602 words


IT'S TIME to drag sexual misconduct in schools out of the locker rooms, hallways
and dark shadows and into the public spotlight.

A recent Associated Press investigation found that 2,570 educators were stripped
of, surrendered or denied teaching credentials or positions for sexual
misconduct involving public school students between 2001 and 2005. But that just
scratches the surface. A total of 313 cases were confirmed in California, but
many more are hidden from public view.

Few adult sexual abusers in schools are caught. Most cases aren't reported and
there's no consistent reporting or monitoring system. Many school officials are
reluctant to go public with such cases. As a result many are swept under the
rug, allowing violators to move on to other school districts and repeat their
offenses with new girls and boys.

Mary Jo McGrath, a California attorney who's investigated misconduct in schools
for three decades says, "Every single school district in the nation has at least
one perpetrator. It doesn't matter if it's urban or rural or suburban."
Professor Robert Shoop of Kansas State University says adult-student sexual
misconduct "is much more prevalent than people would think." Nine out of 10
times, the perpetrator is male.

A report to Congress estimates that 4.5 million --

almost 10 percent -- of

50 million K-12 students in American public schools are victims of sexual
misconduct before they graduate. While California law bars convicted sex
offenders from living near schools, others roam their hallways.

It is not, as we know from the history of sexual abuse and molestation,
something Americans want to know or talk about. Sexual and social taboos in
families, churches and other institutions are a tough topic to bring out of the
closet. The number of contacts between 3 million public school teachers and 50
million students, however, increases the odds that it happens in the hallowed
hallways of education.

So, what to do about it? We must stop hiding such offenses, bring them out into
the open. Teachers and other adults in education who molest or otherwise
sexually abuse students should be disciplined internally and, when possible,
charged with criminal offenses. Confidentiality agreements that hide
perpetrators should not be allowed.

Why educators are dismissed and disciplined is too often secret or cloaked in
such obscure terms as "general misconduct." It must be specific and part of the
public record. That way, offenders such as Gary Lindsey, who reportedly left a
trail of sexual abuse cases across the Midwest from 1964 until 1995, won't be
able to move from town to town abusing students.

There is a much greater need for oversight at the local level and across school
districts. Rep. Adam Putnam, R-Fla., has introduced a bill in Congress that
would set up a national registry for school sexual offenders and hot lines on
which such violations can be reported. States should do the same. It's a step
that is long overdue and if used diligently could help drive abusers out of
education.

Reporting such incidents should be mandatory. More thorough background checks
for credentials, licenses and hiring are needed. Once found guilty of sexual
abuse or molesting a student, a school employee should never be able to work in
schools again anywhere in our nation, let alone the same state.

As Kathy Buzad of the American Federation of Teachers says, "One incident of
sexual misconduct between a teacher and a student . . . is one too many."

It's time for districts, states and our nation to take the initiative to end
such practices. The next victim could be your son or daughter.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 16, 2007 Friday

Police praise privacy decision;
Court ruling that will keep misconduct hearings confidential criticized by
watchdog organization

BYLINE: Kristin Bender, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 606 words


Police leaders this week said a judge's decision to close public hearings of
misconduct complaints validates officers' long-standing position that their
personnel matters shouldn't be aired in front of the community.

In a lengthy decision released last Friday, Alameda County Superior Court Judge
Winifred Smith ruled in favor of the Berkeley Police Association, which sued the
city five years ago to close the public hearings of the city's Police Review
Commission (PRC).

"(Berkeley police) appreciate that someone finally recognized that there should
be confidentiality,'' said Henry Wellington, the president of the Berkeley
Police Association. "We've all unanimously felt strongly that these aren't the
kind of things that should be disclosed to the general public.''

While police spokesman Ed Galvan called the decision a "huge day for law
enforcement in general,'' Berkeley Copwatch is mounting a campaign to become the
"main repository of information on police misconduct,'' said Copwatch member
Bram Draper.

"We will have to reconfigure our strategy because we refer people to the PRC ...
it's hard to say whether Copwatch, in good conscience, can continue to refer
people to private inquiries,'' Draper said.

The judge's decision, released to the public Monday, follows a California
Supreme Court decision last year that ruled all personnel matters involving
police, including misconduct cases, are not public.

That case involved a fired San Diego County sheriff's deputy who argued records
of the deputy's appeal to the county Civil Service Commission were confidential.

Berkeley, as well as Oakland and San Francisco, had stopped police review public
hearings following the Supreme Court ruling.

City Attorney Manuela Albuquerque, who called the decision a sad day for public
accountability, will meet with the City Council on Tuesday to discuss whether to
appeal.

In the meantime, the PRC is still a functioning board.

"We continue to fully investigate all complaints against Berkeley police, and we
continue to investigate the criminal intelligence and evidence theft policy
issues in the department,'' said PRC Officer Victoria Urbi.

Berkeley police have been looking at revising some department policies after a
police sergeant tampered with evidence for his personal drug use.

Berkeley City Councilman Kriss Worthington called the judge's decision a "step
backwards in public accountability.''

"The more obstacles we put in the way, the less likely people will raise their
legitimate complaints,'' Worthington said.

For 30 years, the PRC has been investigating complaints of excessive force,
improper arrest, search, stop and detention, discourtesy, discrimination,
improper citation or tow, and other issues during public meetings on Wednesday
nights.

The person who filed a complaint and anyone else could attend the meetings,
which are held at both the North and South Berkeley Senior Centers.

In 2006, the PRC received 34 cases, and 34 cases were closed, although some of
those were from the prior year.

Police don't object to the oversight process, only that the complaints aren't
handled privately.

Draper from Copwatch disagrees.

"We know that police officers in taking their jobs are vowing to be public
servants,'' Draper said. "Therefore, in taking on a public service job,
especially one that entails so much risk and power, it's known full well that
they are giving up some of their rights of privacy.''

Other government employees do not have misconduct cases aired in the public
arena. However, if allegations against them are found to be true and discipline
is imposed, some details of the case can be revealed under state law.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                               November 11, 1996

Clergy Hard Put To Get Sexual Misconduct Cover

BYLINE: BY STEPHANIE D. ESTERS

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT: PROFESSIONAL LIABILITY REVIEW; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 967 words


In September, a parochial school monsignor in Allentown, Pa., is charged with
trying to solicit sex from young boys.

A month later, a priest in Tampa, Fla., is charged with paying a 36-year-old man
$ 220,000 in hush money to quiet him about their sexual relationship.

Also this fall, a Brooklyn, N.Y. minister is charged with trying to rape a
15-year-old female congregant who had accompanied him on a fishing trip.

With news accounts frequently reporting alleged sexual transgressions of members
of the clergy, religious institutions are aware of the problem and generally
have coverage -- if inadequate -- for such occurrences, say industry leaders in
this area.

"I think there's awareness for the need, and there are companies out there
willing to provide it," said Donald C. Clark, Jr., a partner with Chicago-based
Clark and Degrand, who is a counsel to various religious groups. "The difficulty
comes in getting sufficient coverage, and you just simply may not be able to get
sufficient coverage because of the limitations of the coverages that are
offered."

Many houses of worship are able to secure coverage for sexual misconduct by
members of their clergy through attachments to their general liability policies,
said another legal expert.

"Many professional counsel liability policies will exclude sexual misconduct
because it's an intentional act, it's really a crime. There's a specific
exclusion for it," said John Cleary, general counsel of Merrill, Wis.-based
Church Mutual Ins. Co., one of the leading church insurers.

"Most of the church policies, the commercial multiperil policies written on
churches, exclude sexual misconduct and put it back in as a separate coverage
with a separate liability limit," Mr. Cleary said.

All of Church Mutual's insureds automatically get $ 50,000 of minimal coverage
in their general liability policies, but can buy additional coverage of up to $
300,000, Mr. Cleary said.

From his experience, almost all of the churches and religious institutions have
the coverage, he said.

"I'd say more buy it than don't buy it," Mr. Cleary said.

But a key problem remains adequate coverage for the insureds, maintained Mr.
Clark.

"Yes, there's no question but the coverage is an important coverage for
religious institutions to have," he said. "The difficulty is getting the
coverage in the first place and getting sufficient coverage from the insurance
industry."

In his experience, many insurance companies are no longer offering the coverage
or are withdrawing from providing such coverage for religious and non-profit
institutions, he said.

"One measure of the scope of the problem is the fact that insurance companies
are either no longer offering the coverage or only offering reduced or capped
limits," Mr. Clark said, "thereby suggesting that the potential threat of
adverse economic consequences for these types of manmade disasters are perhaps
more devastating than the consequences from natural disasters."

In addition to Church Mutual Ins., other insurers offering coverage for sexual
misconduct of its insureds include Preferred Risk of West Des Moines, Iowa, and
Lexington Ins. Co. of Boston.

Continental Casualty used to offer the coverage but does so no longer.

It was actually concern from some of its brokers that led Lexington to start
offering the coverage in January of this year, according to the insurer.

A major reason was state Appeals and Supreme Court rulings in Idaho and Ohio
declaring that sexual misconduct claims are not occurrences that trigger
coverage under a general liability policy, according to Rocco Modafferi, vice
president of general casualty for Lexington, a member company of New York-based
American International Group, Inc.

"The reason why I launched it was basically broker demand for a coverage that
was specifically tailored toward the needs of customers that have exposure of
children in the care of adults," Mr. Modafferi said of the coverage, which is
not exclusive to the religious community or members of the clergy. "What was
happening was the current general liability policy did not adequately provide
all the coverage that customers that had this exposure needed."

Lexington's policy is available throughout the United States with liability
limits of up to $ 25 million, including defense, according to the insurer. The
minimum policy premium is $ 25,000, Mr. Modafferi said.

Mr. Modafferi would not disclose the number of sexual misconduct claims the
insurer has received since offering the coverage.

One of the industry leaders in this area, Church Mutual, receives about five
claims a week, according to Mr. Cleary.

"There were no claims before 1984 for us, because nobody had figured out that
this was a lucrative area," Mr. Cleary said. Since 1984, Church Mutual has had
between 1,500 and 2,000 sexual misconduct claims, he noted.

"I think in the past when somebody would do something like that, they'd get
kicked out, they'd get fired, they'd go to jail, but people didn't automatically
hire a lawyer and sue for big money, but here was a big change back in the early
'80s," he said.

"We get some valid claims, but we don't see as many involving clergy as we used
to; that weeding-out process seems to been having some success," Mr. Cleary
added.

To keep such incidents in check, Mr. Clark suggested the religious community
continue to police itself.

"They should not adjudicate their response to this problem to the lawyers and
the insurance professionals. The church is still the church and they must be
true to their own calling," Mr. Clark said.

"In response to this problem, they will do a better job if first and foremost
they're true to their own faith's tenets," Mr. Clark concluded. "Good ministry
will make for good law."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1996 The National Underwriter Company

                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Statement Before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform

LENGTH: 1045  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Good morning Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the
committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss
the issues raised in the Inspector General's audit entitled "The Handling of
Sexual Harassment and Misconduct Allegations by the Department's Law Enforcement
Components."

The Federal Bureau of Investigation's (FBI) policy on sexual harassment and
sexual misconduct is simple. The FBI does not tolerate sexual harassment or
sexual misconduct. We are a law enforcement organization charged with enforcing
federal law and protecting the rights of all Americans. Our employees are
expected to make the workplace a respectful, professional environment free from
offensive behavior. A copy of the FBI's policy on sexual harassment is provided
to every employee and is displayed in every field office and division.

The FBI has a robust disciplinary process guided by well-established policies,
procedures and practices. It consists of trained special agents in the
Inspection Division's Internal Investigations Section who conduct thorough
investigations of employee misconduct. When the investigation is completed, a
team of experienced lawyers in the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility
(OPR) take over, reviewing the investigative materials to determine whether
applicable policies, rules, regulations, laws, or other legal standards were
violated, and, if so, what penalty should be imposed on the employee in
question--up to and including dismissal.

In addition, the Office of Inspector General (OIG) reviews all allegations of
misconduct at the FBI prior to any investigation being initiated and is given
the opportunity to conduct their own independent investigation of any misconduct
allegations, including all allegations of sexual misconduct or sexual
harassment. Similarly, all final adjudications of misconduct by the FBI are
reported to the OIG. As a result, there is independent oversight of our
disciplinary process and its determinations regarding all allegations of
misconduct.

OIG Audit Findings and FBI Responses

We are pleased that the Office of the Inspector General (OIG) found "relatively
few reported allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct in the
Department's law enforcement components for fiscal years 2009 through 2012."
Regarding the FBI, the OIG found that the "FBI had the lowest rate of this type
of misconduct" across the components. While we strive to have no cases of sexual
harassment or misconduct, we have and will continue to implement measures to
better address these types of allegations.

We are also pleased that the OIG's audit recognizes the FBI's coordination
between our Internal Investigations Section and our Security Division as a "best
practice" to ensure that misconduct allegations are evaluated for potential
security concerns, including continued eligibility to hold a security clearance.
We are also appreciative that the OIG noted the FBI has established criteria to
determine when an investigation involving allegations of sexual misconduct or
sexual harassment should be opened at Headquarters. We are further gratified
that the OIG found that the FBI has the largest number of offense codes among
the various components at the Department of Justice in order to address the many
factual scenarios that may present themselves when addressing sexual misconduct
and sexual harassment (including not just offense codes for sexual misconduct
and sexual harassment, but also offense codes for improper personal sexual
relationships with sources, witnesses, subjects, and subordinates). We are also
pleased that the OIG found that the FBI's offense table can serve as a model for
the other components in that it clearly addresses allegations of sexual
misconduct and sexual harassment.

Notwithstanding these findings, there are improvements to be made. We must
always look to improve and evolve as an organization, and we appreciate the
OIG's recommendations for making our process better. As a result, the FBI
concurs with the recommendations in the OIG's report.

First, we will remind all supervisors and managers that they must report
allegations of sexual misconduct and sexual harassment to Headquarters. To
ensure compliance, the FBI is considering whether such reporting will be made a
performance standard in annual evaluations.
    Second, the FBI agrees that we must follow our established criteria for
determining when alleged misconduct will be investigated at Headquarters. To
that end, the FBI will remind all employees within the Internal Investigations
Section that the FBI's criteria must be adhered to when evaluating whether an
allegation should be investigated at Headquarters or referred back to the
originating office to be handled as a management matter.
    Third, we agree that we should use the offense categories specifically
designed to best address the misconduct present in each instance.

Finally, we concur with the commitment made by the Office of the Deputy Attorney
General as it relates to the preservation of electronic communications,
especially when such communications implicate legal discovery obligations, and
to implement technology to be able to, when appropriate in the circumstances,
proactively monitor text message and image data for potential misconduct.

Access to Materials by the OIG

The FBI takes very seriously our obligation to enable Congress and the OIG to
conduct effective oversight of all of our activities. We work closely with the
OIG staff to ensure that we are responsive to their requests and that issues are
identified and promptly resolved.

To that end, our senior leadership has met personally with the Inspector General
to discuss his concerns. Senior leadership has also directed that our internal
business process consulting group rigorously evaluate our processes to make sure
that we are as effective and efficient as possible in providing the Inspector
General with requested documents in a timely fashion, consistent with the law.
We are confident that we provided the OIG all information relevant to this
review.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 21, 1984 Saturday

HOCKEY   Roller Derby   dies quietly

BYLINE: AL STRACHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 703 words


BY  AL STRACHAN
 THE NATIONAL Hockey League is quietly, but steadily, getting rid of the
 once-pervasive Roller Derby image. In a game between Detroit Red Wings and
 New York Rangers on Monday night, there were a few third-period fights. It
 was nothing earthshaking by old-time NHL standards, but, with two
 exceptions, referee Ron Wicks threw in a game misconduct for every player
 who got into a fight.

The two exceptions were given double game misconducts.

The league policy, which becomes obvious in well-publicized matters
 such as suspensions, is to get on with the game and minimize the
 scrapping. Even the incidental swinging of a stick now earns a six-game
 suspension, whereas three years ago you could carve an opponent to ribbons
 and get off with four games.

But you can also see the policy being enforced in more subtle manners,
 as exemplified by an incident in Toronto 10 days ago. Because the Maple
 Leafs' Jim Korn and Montreal Canadiens' Mario Tremblay continued to
 threaten each other while officials were trying to resume play, each was
 given a 10-minute misconduct.
   It will take a long time for Pittsburgh Penguins to rebuild, but they're
 on the right track. This year, for the first time in the club's history,
 they'll have two selections in the first round of the amateur draft. They
 acquired Philadelphia's first pick in the Rich Sutter deal. It's no great
 achievement because the Flyers' first pick probably will be about only six
 spots ahead of the Penguins' second choice. But at least it's a step in
 the right direction . . . The other side of the coin is in Los Angeles,
 where the first-round draft pick continues to burn a hole in the pocket of
 general manager George Maguire. A couple of weeks ago, Maguire came within
 a hair of trading his first-rounder to Minnesota North Stars for
 goaltender Don Beaupre. That deal fell through, but a similar deal may go
 through soon.
   Trivia: Who is the only player in the NHL with more than 200 goals who
 has never had a three-goal game? Want a hint? He plays for New York
 Islanders. Answer: Bob Bourne.
   Need a goalie for your industrial league team? Call David Poile in
 Washington at (301) 350-3400 and he'll send you Pat Riggin. The only
 problem is that you'll have to pay Riggin's huge salary.
   Winnipeg Jets, who have taken over the dubious distinction of leading
 the league in goals allowed, have a fine young goaltender in their system.
 He's Marc Behrend, who led University of Wisconsin Badgers to the National
 Collegiate Athletic Association title last spring and is now the goalie
 for the U.S. Olympic team. The Jets tried to borrow him for a few games -
 officially called a five-game trial - but U.S. coach Lou Vairo was so
 upset by the plan that the Jets decided not to push the matter. Behrend
 will be with the Jets in a month, though.
   And still on the subject of goalies, did anybody wonder why the Leafs'
 Allan Bester was going through so many sticks in Wednesday's game against
 the North Stars? It seems that Bester has developed a liking for light
 sticks, but the manufacturer hasn't been able to produce them to his
 specifications yet. In the meantime, Bester said, "I take the other sticks
 and shave them down. But they become too weak and break easily."
   Some disgruntled fans in Los Angeles tried to organize a boycott of a
 recent King game and, to that end, distributed pamphlets critical of owner
 Jerry Buss in the Forum parking lot. The pamphlet charged that the owner
 has produced a team "that sets new standards of ineptitude in every game"
 and asks, "Why does he allow the incompetent . . . head coach to destroy
 the team?" The pamphlet then provides the answer to the questions by
 charging that the owner "knows that . . . fans will pay his price no
 matter how bad a team he delivers." Sound familiar?
   Trade rumors that have Larry Robinson moving from the Canadiens to
 Edmonton Oilers are not new. However, they continue to surface, meaning
 that such a deal may yet come to fruition. Some Edmonton observers feel
 that the club will make a couple of deals right before the March 15
 trading deadline because it still has trouble against grinding teams. A 3-
 1 loss in Buffalo last Friday was a recent example of that difficulty.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1984 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

Elbowing penalty gets forward one-game ban

BYLINE: By Billy Byler< Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 767 words


Augusta RiverHawks coach Brad Ralph said forward Aaron McGill will sit out of
Thursday's game in Columbus due to a one-game suspension from the Southern
Professional Hockey League following an incident in Saturday night's loss to
Mississippi.

McGill was issued an elbowing major and a game misconduct for hitting a player
in the head in the third period of the game at James Brown Arena.

The league had yet to announce the suspension by Monday evening, but Ralph
confirmed the news.

"I don't think it was intentional," Ralph said. "But it was a blow to the head,
and that's something they want to be careful about."

The league also will reduce the infraction charged against forward Kevin Fukala
in the same game. The RiverHawks enforcer was given his second game misconduct
in as many weeks when he tried to continue a fight with an unwilling competitor.

When a linesman tried to restrain him, Fukala made multiple attempts to break
free and continue the fight.

SPHL vice president of hockey administration Doug Price said Monday afternoon
that Fukala wouldn't face a suspension and the incident will be downgraded to a
10-minute misconduct instead of a game misconduct.

Coming back?: Fukala signed with the ECHL's Florida Everblades over the weekend
and played in one game for his new team on the road in Charleston, S.C. Though
no official move had been announced, Ralph said Monday afternoon that Fukala did
not return to Florida with the Everblades and instead drove back to Augusta
after the game.

Former RiverHawks defenseman Ed Snetsinger, who signed with the Everblades a
week ago, did return to Florida to remain with his new ECHL team.

WINTER WORK: Coming off a 1-1 weekend, the RiverHawks won't get much time to
enjoy Friday's win and mull over Saturday's loss. They won't even have time for
a day off as Christmas approaches.

"There is no Christmas break for us this year," forward Ryan Olidis said.

"We've just got to focus on getting back on track here. It was a split weekend,
and obviously we would have liked a little bit better of an outcome. There are a
lot of games in the next 10 days here, so we're looking to capitalize and make
up some ground in the standings."

The year-end schedule for the expansion team sends the RiverHawks to five
different cities for seven games over a 10-day stretch starting Thursday in
Columbus, Ga. The team will travel to Fayetteville, N.C. for a game Christmas
night, then return home to play at James Brown Arena on Sunday.

The RiverHawks will also play Dec. 28 in Knoxville, Tenn., and Dec. 30 in
Biloxi, Miss. before playing at home on New Year's Eve and New Year's night.

"This is a very important time for us. We're going into this time of year where
the schedule is so compact," Ralph said. "No doubt, standings-wise we're trying
to make a big push here."

The RiverHawks (10-10) sit in fourth place in the eight-team league, eight
points out of first.

SURGING AHEAD: The Mississippi Surge handed Augusta a 4-3 loss Saturday night in
a game marred by 13 RiverHawks infractions and three game misconducts.

But lost in the home crowd's boos toward the officials was the play of
Mississippi, which moved to within two points of first place in the league on
sound defensive play and a 29-save effort from backup goalie Kyle McNulty.

The game marked the first time the RiverHawks had played the Surge. Now that
Augusta has faced all seven of the league's other teams, Mississippi has
impressed Ralph the most.

"They're a good team, They're the best team that we've seen," Ralph said.

"At least we made it difficult for them to come in here and take two points from
us. Whether or not I should have changed some decisions out there, it's
something I'll probably lose sleep over. But at the end of the day our guys
compete and they work hard. When they put their hearts on the line I think
everyone in the stands appreciates it."

The RiverHawks will face Mississippi twice in their stretch of games over the
holidays.

HELPING HANDS: An announcement made at James Brown Arena just before Saturday's
game asked fans to help team captain Matt Auffrey raise money for his cousin,
Nathaniel Bibaud, who was injured in a vehicle accident earlier this month.

Whitney Morrison, Auffrey's fiancee, led an effort during the game to help
collect donations for the Nathaniel Bibaud Recovery Foundation, which totaled a
little more than $1,000.

Morrison said fans will have another opportunity to give at Sunday's home game.

Bibaud's progress can be followed on Facebook by joining the group "Praying for
Nathaniel Bibaud."

Reach Billy Byler at (706) 823-3216

or billy.byler@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            October 23, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Investigate misconduct

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 380 words


The findings in an Associated Press investigation into sexual misconduct by
teachers are disturbing. The news organization, which looked at disciplinary
records in all 50 states and the District of Columbia, found that from 2001 to
2005, allegations of sexual misconduct by teachers led to action against the
licenses of 2,570 educators.

For the record, there are an estimated 3 million teachers working in America's
classrooms each day, so the 2,570 bad apples are only a tiny fraction of the
nation's dedicated teachers. However, one is too many, and we must keep in mind
that the cases reported by AP are only those documented by school districts.

Too often, such abuse is never reported or is too difficult to prove. And in
some cases, according to AP, suspected educators are allowed to quietly resign
and move on to other school districts. School administrators call it "passing on
your trash."

That reported practice is almost as disturbing as sexual misconduct. It's
unconscionable that administrators would look the other way as teachers who are
under a cloud of suspicion move into new jobs.

Fortunately, in the mid-1990s, North Carolina passed a law that requires school
district officials to report misconduct or risk losing their own licenses. As
one might imagine, the number of reports increased immediately.

While more states require background checks, fingerprinting and mandate
reporting of abuse, the AP found there is insufficient coordination among school
districts and states. That's troubling because it allows some bad teachers to go
unnoticed.

As the AP noted, there is ample room for improvement in dealing with these
sensitive cases. All states can and must do a better job protecting vulnerable
students from teachers who could harm them.

In North Carolina, the AP found that the state Board of Education took 123
actions against teachers' licenses, including revocations, surrenders or denial
of a license request. Sexual misconduct was involved in 91 of the cases. To put
that in perspective, in 2006 the board received 500 reports of teacher
misconduct but took action against only 25 licenses, 20 or so for acts of sexual
misconduct.

Those numbers signal that there are many false alarms. Still, each and every
allegation should be investigated thoroughly.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.

                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               January 31, 1996, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

METRO AND GEORGIA IN BRIEF;
Rising river slows search for body of 3-year-old boy

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 07B

LENGTH: 557 words


The Flint River rose so high Tuesday it threatened to swamp the Macon County
command post where authorities searched for the body of 3- year-old Joshua
Gipson.

"I expect by in the morning the river will be in the tent," said Macon County
Emergency Management Agency Director Gerald Abbott. But the search, which is in
its ninth day, will continue.

Authorities have charged Joshua's mother, LaSonya Olivia Gipson, with throwing
his twin sister, Latoshia, into the river Jan. 14. They believe she threw Joshua
in at the same time. Latoshia's body was found last Wednesday.

COURTS

-PRISONER GETS 10 YEARS: A career criminal had 10 years added to his prison time
Tuesday when a federal judge in Atlanta sentenced him for stabbing a fellow
inmate at the federal penitentiary in Atlanta on Aug. 24, 1994. Marcos
Castaneda, 51, of Pomona, Calif., serving a sentence for armed robbery, stabbed
Raymond Moreno seven times with a homemade knife, authorities said. Castaneda
now is sentenced to remain in prison until he is 80.

-NAVY SEALS' MURDER TRIALS: Trial dates have been set in Virginia Beach, Va. ,
for two Navy SEAL trainees charged with murder in the 1995 slaying of Emory
University pre-med student Jennifer Lea Evans. Billy J. Brown Jr., 23, of
Dayton, Ohio, will stand trial May 20 and Dustin A. Turner, 20, of Bloomington,
Ind., will be tried June 25, said Assistant Virginia Commonwealth Attorney
Albert Alberi. Evans, 21, of Tucker, disappeared from a nightclub early June 19.
The men face possible life terms. Alberi said he will not seek the death penalty
because the time between the abduction and the discovery of the body hampered
efforts to develop evidence of sexual assault.

POLICE

-'COPS BILL OF RIGHTS': Atlanta City Councilman Jared Samples has proposed a
"Police Officer's Bill of Rights" outline procedure for investigating police
officers for misconduct. Samples, chairman of the council's public safety
committee, said he wants officers accused of crimes to be treated fairly, but he
also wants to ensure public confidence in the police department. "When police
officers investigate other police officers, it can be perceived that someone
else should be doing the investigation," he said. The council will hold a work
session on the bill at 10 a.m. Thursday.

-APARTMENT SLAYING: A 25-year-old man was stabbed to death and a woman was
seriously injured Tuesday by someone who may have visited the man's Stone
Mountain apartment before, DeKalb police said. Police found Kelvin Banks' body
about 2 a.m. in his Country Pine apartment in the 4900 block of Central Drive.
Officers also found Patricia Drake, 24, of Huntsville, Ala., who had been
stabbed several times, at the apartment. Drake was reported in stable condition.


GOVERNMENT

-LATE FEE VOIDED: Georgia Power Co. will not have to pay a $ 263,000 late fee
that was levied after a $ 5 million check for property taxes was misplaced by
DeKalb County. Acting on a legal opinion from County Attorney Jonathan
Weintraub, DeKalb Tax Commissioner Tom Scott on Tuesday determined that Georgia
Power was not late in turning in its 1995 property tax bill because DeKalb CEO
Liane Levetan was acting as an agent of the county when she accepted the check
during a public ceremony. The check was left on a receptionist's desk for a
month.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Investment News
                                 Print Version

                                 March 14, 2016

Weeding out rogue brokers

SECTION: Pg. 8 Vol. 20

LENGTH: 576  words


A RECENT ACADEMIC paper revived the issue of rogue brokers, a problem the
industry has been struggling with for some time but has yet to solve.

The working paper comes from professors at the University of Minnesota and the
University of Chicago, who found that 7% of brokers have been disciplined for
misconduct that ranges from putting clients in unsuitable investments to trading
on client accounts without permission.

'IT'S PERVASIVE'

While many observers might not be surprised by that percentage, they may be
surprised by the names of the firms that have the highest misconduct rates in
the industry, according to the study. They include well-regarded companies such
as Wells Fargo Advisors (15.30%), UBS Financial Services (15.14%) and Raymond
James Financial (13.74%).

"It's everywhere, not just small firms; it's pervasive," said Amit Seru, a
finance professor at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business and a
co-author of the study.

Even more troubling than the incidence of misconduct is the fact that 44% of the
brokers fired for their transgressions are able to find new jobs in the industry
within a year of their termination. That is important because the study found
that prior offenders are five times more likely to repeat their misconduct than
the average broker.

A few days after the study was publicized, Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.,
questioned Richard Ketchum, chairman and chief executive of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority Inc., about the study's findings during a Senate
subcommittee hearing. When he told her Finra was addressing recidivism, she
countered, "You're looking at it, but you're not taking them off the street."

FIRM CULTURE

To be fair, Finra has not been standing idly by when it comes to reducing broker
misconduct. Last year, it permanently barred from the industry nearly 500
brokers and 25 firms, according to a spokesman. In May, it revised its sanction
guidelines, which included raising suggested suspensions from one year to two
for brokers making unsuitable investment recommendations. And just this year, it
declared that its top priority in exams will be reviewing each firm's compliance
culture to make sure advisers are being encouraged at every turn to put client
interests first. While Ms. Warren has a right to question Finra's results, the
fact of the matter is, the agency is trying.

Unfortunately, one of Finra's most important proposals to cut down on rogue
brokers was roundly rejected by the industry. Two years ago, the regulator had
proposed an early intervention system in which it would set up surveillance of
brokers rather than respond to complaints after investors had lost their money.
The proposal to implement the Comprehensive Automated Risk Data System, or
CARDS, was shelved after the industry complained it would be too costly for
firms and represented an invasion of their clients' privacy.

HIRING GUIDELINES

If the industry was really serious about getting rid of rogue brokers, it would
do more both individually and through Finra. Firms could establish
best-practices hiring guidelines that would preclude one of them from giving a
job to someone who had been booted from a competitor for egregious conduct that
had put investors at risk. More importantly, the industry could drop its
opposition to CARDS and give Finra the tools it needs to do its job. Weeding out
brokers before they can hurt investors is always preferable to cleaning up their
mess afterward.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IN


                      Copyright 2016 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Science journals' retractions often due to misdeeds

BYLINE: Monte Morin

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 371 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES - Fraud, plagiarism and other forms of misconduct are responsible
for the majority of retractions in biomedical journals, according to a new
study.

The finding, published online Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy
of Sciences, contradicts earlier studies that suggest most retractions are the
result of errors.

In a review of 2,047 retracted biomedical papers, study authors found that only
21 percent were withdrawn because of research error. But 67 percent were pulled
because of misconduct, including fraud or suspected fraud, duplicate
publication, and plagiarism. Miscellaneous or unknown reasons accounted for the
remaining 12 percent.

"Biomedical research has become a winner-take-all game - one with perverse
incentives that entice scientists to cut corners and, in some instances, falsify
data or commit other acts of misconduct," said senior author Arturo Casadevall,
a microbiologist and immunologist at New York's Albert Einstein College of
Medicine.

Competition for funding, prizes, recognition and job promotions were cited as
motivations for misconduct. The study found that those journals that were most
influential, or possessed what is known among scientists as a "high impact
factor," had particularly high rates of retraction.

While science journals do publish notices of retractions, Casadevall said, they
seldom cite the actual reason the study was pulled.

"Many of the notices are wrong," Casadevall said in a news release. "Authors
commonly write, 'We regret we have to retract our paper because the work is not
reproducible,' which is not exactly a lie. The work indeed was not reproducible
- because it was fraudulent. Researchers try to protect their labs and their
reputations, and these retractions are written in such a way that you often
don't know what really happened."

To determine the reasons for the retractions, study authors consulted the
federal Office of Research Integrity and Retraction Watch, a Web site that
investigates complaints of misconduct.

Study authors wrote that retractions for suspected fraud had increased tenfold
since 1975.

The study also found that 43 percent of all retractions came from just 38 labs -
out of thousands worldwide.

- Los Angeles Times

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Charges stacking up against Eau Claire attorney

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 295  words


An Eau Claire attorney who had originally faced a two-year suspension of his
Wisconsin law license now might instead see it revoked.

The Office of Lawyer Regulation filed an amended complaint on Wednesday asking
the Wisconsin Supreme Court to revoke Thad Gegner's license, alleging 47 counts
of misconduct related to 11 of his clients. The original complaint, filed Sept.
28, had asked the court to suspend Gegner's license for two years in response to
24 counts of misconduct.

The amended complaint stems from Gegner's representation of clients in an array
of legal matters, including divorce proceedings, traffic violations and criminal
allegations. The misconduct included failing to return unearned advance fees,
abandoning clients, failing to appear at hearings and failing to distribute a
settlement to an insurance company.

Also, according to the OLR, Gegner appeared in court on behalf of a client even
though his license had been temporarily suspended in June 2013 for failing to
complete continuing-education in ethics and professional responsibility.

The OLR had also originally asked the court in September to order Gegner to pay
more than $4,000 in restitution to clients. Now the OLR is asking for $12,000 in
restitution to clients and insurance companies.

Gegner graduated in 2002 from Hamline University School of Law, St. Paul, Minn.
He has been licensed to practice law in Wisconsin since 2003. He has not
previously been disciplined.

Gegner could not be immediately reached Thursday. The phone number listed for
him at the OLR and the State Bar has been disconnected.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 19, 2013 Saturday

Supreme Court suspends Kline's Kansas law license

BYLINE: Andy Marso and Rick Dean.

andy.marso@cjonline.com rick.dean@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 724 words


Former Kansas Attorney General Phill Kline, once the state's chief prosecutor,
has been suspended indefinitely from practicing law in the state of Kansas.

In a unanimous decision released Friday, the Kansas Supreme Court said Kline
engaged in unethical tactics and committed professional misconduct during his
investigations into abortion providers. Its 154-page decision found that Kline
committed 11 violations of the Kansas Rules of Professional Conduct during the
time he held public offices as attorney general and Johnson County district
attorney.

Kline hasn't practiced law in Kansas since being voted out of office as Johnson
County district attorney in 2008. He is now a visiting professor of law at
Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va.

A message left at Kline's office wasn't immediately returned.

In electing to suspend Kline's license to practice in Kansas, the Supreme Court
rejected the recommendation of the state's disciplinary administrator - who
prosecutes allegations of lawyer misconduct - that Kline be disbarred.

The court found that Kline committed professional misconduct as attorney general
when he ordered staff members to attach sealed documents to a publicly filed
brief in violation of a Supreme Court protective order. Kline later directed his
staff to file misleading information in a court pleading, the Supreme Court
ruled.

The court also said Kline, while Johnson County district attorney, provided
false information to a district court judge investigating how his office
obtained confidential patient medical records during a criminal investigation of
abortion providers. It said Kline also made misleading statements to the Supreme
Court regarding his handling of those records, which he said were needed for the
investigation.

"Kline's inability or refusal to acknowledge or address their significance is
particularly troubling in light of his service as the chief prosecuting attorney
for this state and its most populous county," the Supreme Court wrote.

The Supreme Court also found that Kline failed to properly advise a Johnson
County grand jury about applicable law in its investigation of whether abortion
providers were breaking the law by withholding information on the pregnancies of
underaged girls.

Under Supreme Court rules, Kline must wait at least three years to apply for
reinstatement of his Kansas law license. He would then be subject to a
reinstatement hearing in front of a three-members panel chosen by the chairman
of the Kansas Board for Discipline of Attorneys.

Tom Condit, Kline's attorney, said Friday that Kline reasserted that he never
intentionally lied or misled others in pursuit of his case. He and Kline were
reviewing the ruling and considering their next steps, Condit said.

Kline, a former Topeka radio personality and state legislator, rose to statewide
prominence when he was elected attorney general in 2002. He immediately began
aggressively pursuing prosecution of a Planned Parenthood clinic in metropolitan
Kansas City and Wichita abortion provider George Tiller, who was later shot and
killed by an anti-abortion activist.

As Johnson County district attorney in 2007, Kline filed 107 criminal charges
against the Planned Parenthood clinic, accusing it of performing illegal
abortions and falsifying records. The last of those charges were dropped in
August 2012.

As attorney general, Kline became a lightning rod within a Republican Party
increasingly split between conservatives and moderates. He was defeated soundly
in his 2006 re-election bid by Democrat Paul Morrison, who had switched parties
to run against him.

Johnson County Republican precinct leaders promptly chose Kline to finish out
the last two years of Morrison's term as their county's district attorney,
furthering the rifts within the party. Stephen Howe defeated Kline in the
Johnson County district attorney Republican primary two years later with 60
percent of the vote.

Five members of the Kansas Supreme Court recused themselves from hearing the
case: Chief Justice Lawton Nuss and Justices Marla Luckert, Carol Beier, Eric
Rosen, and Lee Johnson. Presiding Justice Dan Biles appointed two Court of
Appeals judges, Henry W. Green Jr. and Karen Arnold-Burger, and three district
court judges - Edward Bouker, Bruce Gatterman, and Michael Malone - to hear the
case. Justice Nancy Moritz also heard the case.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JUNE 27, 2003 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Harassment without consequences;
Testimony from a sex-discrimination case indicates state
police officials escaped punishment for misconduct.

BYLINE: Chris Gray and Larry King INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 907 words


Pennsylvania State Police Commissioner Jeffrey Miller has denied that the
department overlooked sexual misconduct by troopers and employees.

"The state police has never pushed anything under the carpet," he said at a news
conference Wednesday.

But testimony in the case of Barbara Wilhelm - who last year won a
sex-discrimination suit against the state police after 21 years in the
department - suggests uneven treatment of female employees and those alleged to
have abused them, even by supervisors responsible for rooting out misconduct.
For example:

In the mid-1990s, the supervisor of the department's Bureau of Professional
Responsibility - which investigates reports of employee misconduct - sexually
harassed a female worker in the commissioner's office by touching her buttocks.
He was transferred, but not otherwise disciplined, a top official testified.

Last year, Miller gave Wilhelm's vacant desk to the head of food services for
the police academy, who had been accused of sexually harassing a coworker by
pressing his crotch against her forearm. The man retired five days before
criminal harassment charges against him were filed, protecting his benefits and
pension.

A female sergeant said she didn't report sex discrimination in the late 1980s
for fear of retaliation. Some troopers still resist taking orders from women
supervisors, she said in a March 2002 deposition.

Transferring sexual-harassment offenders and allowing them to retire without
appropriate discipline does little to change sex bias and, in fact, encourages
it, said Penny Harrington, founder of the National Center for Women and
Policing.

"They go to great lengths to avoid firing these guys, but why would you want a
guy like this on your department?" said Harrington, a former police chief in
Portland, Ore. "If he's going to treat the women in the department this way, how
is he going to treat the woman on the street?"

*

Maj. Paul Woodring became head of the Bureau of Professional Responsibility in
the mid-1990s, according to Thomas Coury, former deputy commissioner of
operations. Court depositions say that Woodring, while he led the bureau,
touched the buttocks of a secretary in the state police executive offices.

The woman, who still works for the state police and did not want to talk about
the incident, did not file a complaint about Woodring's unwanted behavior. But
she testified that she told a friend, the secretary for then-Commissioner Paul
Evanko, who reported it to her boss.

Evanko called the woman into his office, told her "that was not acceptable
behavior," and said officials would look into it, she said. Soon afterward,
Woodring became Area Five Commander for the Turnpike and kept his rank as major,
the woman testified.

No other disciplinary actions against Woodring were taken, Coury testified.
Yesterday, the state police would not confirm or deny whether Woodring was
punished further.

Woodring retired from the force in 1999, state police spokeswoman Linette Quinn
said. He did not return a call for comment.

Robert Roebuck, the former food services manager of the Pennsylvania State
Police Training Academy in Hershey, also was allowed to retire from the force
with full pension and benefits at age 53, although he had been accused of sexual
harassment by an employee several months earlier.

In a criminal complaint filed in Dauphin County, the victim, then 32, said that
Roebuck pressed his crotch against her arm while they were both at the academy
in May 2002.

As police investigated the harassment allegations internally, Roebuck continued
making meal plans for the academy from Wilhelm's vacated desk in the Office of
Legislative Affairs, where Miller was director, Quinn said.

Miller, who attends church with Roebuck, said in an interview yesterday that he
hadn't known about the allegations against Roebuck. "I asked whether there was
anything I needed to know; anything I should be concerned about," Miller said
yesterday. "I was told, 'No, we just need a spot for him to work there.' "

Roebuck, who was unavailable for comment yesterday, retired from the state
police on Nov. 15, 2002. Five days later, the criminal complaint was filed, and
Roebuck pleaded guilty to the charge, paying $166 in fines and court costs.

In a deposition in the Wilhelm case, a female sergeant who said she was refused
a job in the 1980s because she was a "girl," testified that treatment of women
varied.

"I think it depends on the attitude of the area commander, troop commander,
station commander," Sgt. Janet McNeal said.

McNeal testified that she had heard comments from individual troopers who said
they wouldn't take orders from women, but she stressed that she didn't receive
blanket disrespect.

Miller said yesterday that troopers were expected to obey all commands from
ranking officers. "It is my position that the order of a superior must be
followed. It has nothing to do with the person's gender."

In the late 1980s, McNeal testified that a commander told her that she couldn't
have a job as an accident reconstructionist because "girls don't know anything
about cars." She said she didn't report his remarks.

"I was concerned that if I filed a complaint, all I would do is draw a lot of
attention to myself and make myself a target, you know, of ridicule from the
troopers," she testified.

Contact staff writer Chris Gray at 610-313-8108 or cgray@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
BOB WILLIAMS, Inquirer Suburban Staff
State Police Commissioner Jeffrey Miller said he didn't know of allegations
against a former agency official who retired days before being charged with
criminal sexual harassment.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 7, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

Two Howard County Officers Cleared Of Excessive Force Allegations in Arrest

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D7

LENGTH: 178 words


Two Howard County police officers were cleared Tuesday night of allegations of
misconduct and use of excessive force in the arrest last year of two brothers,
one of whom was found hanged several months after the incident.

The allegations against Officers Ricky Johnson and Victor Riemer stemmed from
the January 1990 arrest of Mickey and Jonathan Bowie at a Red Roof Inn in
Jessup.

The Bowie twins later accused Johnson and Riemer of brutality during the
arrests, in which the officers broke up a party at the motel.

Four months after the arrest, the body of Jonathan Bowie was found hanging from
a backstop at Oakland Mills High School in Columbia. A state police
investigation concluded that Bowie had committed suicide.

After hearings that ran sporadically from August through October, a trial board,
composed of three Howard police officers, ruled unanimously that neither Johnson
nor Riemer was guilty of misconduct. The board unanimously cleared Johnson of
using excessive force, and it acquitted Riemer of those allegations by a vote of
2 to 1.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 8, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Appeals Court Voids Millions in Damages In '86 T.W.A. Blast

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 7; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 312 words


A Federal appeals court in Manhattan has overturned a multimillion-dollar
damages award, ruling that Trans World Airlines was not guilty of willful
misconduct in failing to prevent a midair bomb explosion aboard a 1986 T.W.A.
flight in which four people were killed.

The bomb exploded aboard the Boeing 727 jet as it approached Athens on April 2,
1986, on a flight from Cairo. The pilot made an emergency landing.

A jury in Brooklyn had found T.W.A. guilty of willful misconduct in failing to
take adequate security precautions to prevent the explosion. The verdict,
reached on June 6, 1991, confirmed $2.8 million in damages that the jury had
awarded to the family of one of those killed and $250,000 to one of the injured.

If it had not found T.W.A. guilty of willful misconduct, the awards could have
been no more than $75,000 for each victim, the limit set by international law
when there is no such finding.

Lawyers for the victims charged that the explosion was a result of the failure
of the airline to search passengers and the cabin thoroughly enough to have
discovered the bomb.

A Split Decision

But Chief Judge Thomas J. Meskill, writing for a 2-to-1 majority in the United
States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, said T.W.A.'s procedures
complied with rules of the Federal Aviation Administration and international
rules under the Warsaw Convention.

"The test for willful misconduct is not 20-20 hindsight," he said in the
opinion, issued Thursday and supported by Judge George C. Pratt.

In a dissent, Judge Eugene H. Nickerson said the airline committed willful
misconduct when it failed to prevent a woman with "a known terrorist profile"
from boarding the plane without a thorough search. Authorities believe that the
woman, who held a Lebanese passport, brought the bomb aboard in her handbag on
an earlier leg of the flight.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company

                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              March 8, 2013 Friday

Juror conduct in flip case in question

BYLINE: MICHAEL BRAGA

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


TAMPA

RULING: With convictions at stake, U.S. judge calls for an evidentiary hearing

Acting quickly in response to recent allegations of jury misconduct during last
year's federal flipping fraud trial, U.S. District Court Judge Elizabeth
Kovachevich on Thursday ordered that an evidentiary hearing be held next week.

The March 13 hearing, which will be closed to the public, is expected to involve
testimony from at least two of the 12 jurors who deliberated on the case.

Kovachevich has imposed a gag order on attorneys involved, preventing them from
discussing any matters regarding juror misconduct until she tells them
otherwise.

"I've got to get this thing on the road," Kovachevich said in court on Thursday.
"We need to deal with this matter to ascertain whether we have to take dramatic
and serious action in this case."

The allegations raise the possibility that guilty verdicts against Paula
Hornberger, George Cavallo and Joel Streinz will be thrown out. The situation
arises from a female juror's alleged Internet research during deliberations.

That same juror was also coerced to change her vote from "not guilty" to
"guilty" by a second juror, who threatened to expose the searches.

"The fact that the judge has acted so quickly means she's taking this very
seriously," said Arthur Patterson, a Sarasota psychologist who serves as an
expert witness in juror misconduct cases. "A lot of judges don't like to do
this. They don't want to hear anything that may cause a mistrial."

Hornberger, Cavallo and Streinz were sentenced to prison in October for their
roles in a decadelong flipping fraud conspiracy headed by former Sarasota real
estate agent Craig Adams and his chief lieutenant, Rich Bobka, following a
three-month trial.

Hornberger, who is married to Cavallo, is incarcerated in Seattle's Sea Tac
federal penitentiary, while Streinz is a prisoner in a federal facility in Yazoo
City, Miss.

Cavallo is not expected to turn himself in to federal Bureau of Prisons
officials until June.

All three are appealing the verdicts against them.

The scheduling of the evidentiary hearing comes just 15 days after juror Patrick
"PJ" George sent an email to Karen Unger, a Washington state attorney who
represented Cavallo and Hornberger at trial.

In the email, George wrote that he and an unnamed female juror from Tarpon
Springs were the only members of the panel who wanted to acquit the defendants.

Unable to achieve unanimity consensus, the jury foreman informed Kovachevich
that there was a hung jury.

Rather than accept that lack of decision, Kovachevich ordered the jury back to
the jury room to deliberate further.

George wrote that he was willing to change his vote, to guilty, if most of the
charges against the defendants were dropped. The unnamed juror, however, held
firm.

George later surmised that she had used the Internet to research the case and
told other jurors he would turn her in unless she changed her mind.

"I guess they convinced her I was serious," George wrote in his email. "She then
voted to convict along with the rest."

Kovachevich said in court Thursday that she wants to get to the bottom of the
matter as quickly as possible. She also told attorneys to prepare questions that
she would ask witnesses next week.

"I will be doing the inquiry," Kovachevich said. "I don't know how long it will
take. If we can't finish on Wednesday, we'll keep going."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Christopher Tuite reminded Kovachevich in court Thursday
that Cavallo and his attorney may have broken Florida law in the way they
obtained the email from George. But Kochachevich said there was nothing she
could do about that now.

The law prevents attorneys from interviewing jurors directly or indirectly after
a trial.

"The intent of the rule is to prevent one side or the other from bothering
jurors," Patterson said. "But now that the allegations have been made, the judge
has decided she wants to hear what happened."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: George Cavallo, Paula Hornberger and Joel Streinz during sentencing in
Tampa federal court on Oct. 26, 2012. <USDEFAULT>The three were found guilty of
participating in a decadelong flipping fraud conspiracy. SKETCH BY DOUGLAS A.
LAND

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 24, 2009 Saturday

Allegations of prosecutorial misconduct mar another trial

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 742 words


An Army veteran's robbery of a Mountain View pharmacy has become the latest
Santa Clara County case marred by allegations that a prosecutor withheld
evidence that could have helped the defense.

There was never any dispute in the case that the veteran, Sargent Binkley, had
robbed the pharmacy. But the jury convicted Binkley last month of using a gun to
commit the robbery   a finding that makes the crime far more serious   after
prosecutor Deborah Medved told jurors they could use the grainy photographs from
a store surveillance camera to help reach that verdict.

Now, a Santa Clara County crime lab examiner has come forward to testify that a
day before Medved made that closing argument, he told her that he was unable to
detect a gun in any of the photographs, after examining them at Medved's
request.

The examiner, Christopher Corpora, described their conversation under oath
during a post-trial hearing earlier this month. Medved has responded, in a sworn
declaration, that she has no recollection of Corpora telling her his conclusion
during that conversation   creating an odd sworn dispute between two officials
who both work for District Attorney Dolores Carr.

Binkley's defense attorneys are relying upon Corpora's testimony to contend that
Medved committed misconduct in the case. Superior Court Judge Linda Condron
refused to order a new trial, after hearing Corpora testify at the post-trial
hearing, ruling the verdict was justified because there was enough other
evidence that Binkley brandished an unloaded service revolver that he had with
him at the time. But the attorneys now have renewed their contention of
misconduct in the hope it will reduce the time that Binkley is held.

"It's unethical and it's misconduct for a prosecutor to knowingly mislead on an
issue of fact,'' defense attorney Charles J. Smith said in an interview.

The impact of the jury's verdict   that Binkley used the gun in a menacing
manner as he committed the robbery   has been lessened somewhat by the jury's
later conclusion that the veteran, who suffers from post-traumatic stress
disorder, was insane at the time of the incident and therefore subject to
treatment or confinement at a state hospital, rather than prison. A gun
enhancement normally makes prison mandatory, and left Binkley facing at least a
12-year sentence. Smith and co-counsel Ed Fernandez hope that a ruling in the
veteran's favor would diminish the fear that he could be confined in the state
mental health system for as long as 12 years.

Medved, in an interview, reiterated her sworn declaration that she does not
recall Corpora mentioning that he did not see a gun in Binkley's hand: "I have
zero recollection of that."

The case has drawn wide attention because of the potentially precedent-setting
way in which the jury viewed Binkley's stress disorder.

It is also the latest case to raise questions about local authorities'
compliance with their legal duty to turn over any evidence it gathers that could
potentially help the defense contest the defendant's guilt.

The District Attorney's Office is currently reviewing some 3,300 videotapes of
medical exams of alleged child sex abuse victims dating back to 1991 that never
were turned over to defense attorneys, after one case was overturned based on an
appellate court finding that the prosecutors had a duty to provide copies of
those videotapes to the defendant.

Deputy District Attorney Peter Waite became the first Santa Clara County
prosecutor in memory to be publicly disciplined when the state bar issued a
public reproval against him last week for withholding from the defense in 1999
an exculpatory medical opinion as to the sanity of a defendant who killed his
mother.

And Ben Field, a high-profile prosecutor, is in the midst of rare disciplinary
proceedings by the state bar, with charges that include his failure to turn over
evidence potentially favorable to defense attorneys.

In her declaration, Medved contends that she had talked to Corpora to prepare
for cross-examination of a defense witness who argued the photographs did not
establish that Binkley was holding a gun. Corpora wrote a report dated Jan. 5,
days after the verdict, reiterating the findings that he said he told Medved
during trial. His written report was turned over to defense attorneys on Jan.
15, after Condron directed Medved to make certain it was turned over without
further delay.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at taplan@mercurynews.com or (408) 278-3482.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 26, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RETURNS ON IRS INVESTIGATION SHOW 'WIDESPREAD MISCONDUCT'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1134 words


WASHINGTON - A yearlong congressional investigation of the Internal Revenue
Service has found that senior IRS officials repeatedly ignored evidence of
misconduct by employees and that agents who report wrongdoing frequently face
retaliation from their superiors.  The investigation, conducted by the House
Government Operations Subcommittee on Commerce, Consumer and Monetary Affairs,
revealed an agency characterized by ''widespread misconduct by senior managers''
and ''significant erosion of ethical standards among many at the highest levels
of the service,'' according to testimony Tuesday by subcommittee investigator
Richard Stana.  The testimony came in the first of three days of hearings. IRS
officials are scheduled to testify today and Thursday.  Stana said subcommittee
investigators were hindered or prevented from getting much of the information
they needed by a federal law - passed in the wake of Watergate - which bars the
release of tax return information except in extremely narrow circumstances.  The
effect of this law, Stana said, ''has been to shield the Service from efficient
. . . committee oversight.'' Leonard Bernard, another subcommittee investigator,
said later that the hardest part of the probe was finding a way around this law.
Comparing the problems in the IRS' recent conduct to Watergate, Rep. Albert
Bustamante, D-Texas, said agency employers were guilty of ''greed, seduction,
cover-up, the victimization of innocent citizens by intimidation and
retaliation, obstruction of justice and criminal activity.'' Among the
investigation's main conclusions: ''There has been a serious failure on the part
of IRS' National Office to effectively manage employee integrity programs,''
Stana said. He added that a computer system set up to monitor employee conduct
was ''riddled with erroneous data and has little value.'' ''A pervasive fear
exists among many IRS employees that reporting the misconduct of their superiors
. . . will result in retaliation against them,'' Stana said. Investigators, he
said, discovered that ''instances of retaliation against those reporting
wrongdoing outnumber by far the instances of punishment of the wrongdoer.''
There are ''inadequate checks and balances on IRS criminal investigative
activities,'' Stana told the panel, noting that misconduct by a top-ranking IRS
official in Los Angeles ''went virtually unchecked.'' Much of the testimony
Tuesday involved a dispute between the owners of the Guess? and Jordache jeans
companies and the conduct of Ronald Saranow, the chief of the IRS' Criminal
Investigation Division in Los Angeles.  According to Bernard, the Marciano
brothers, the originators and 50 percent owners of Guess?, alleged tax fraud
against their business partners, the Nakash brothers of New York who also own
Jordache. Then, ''by cultivating a strong personal and social relationship with
(Saranow and by offering him a job with a six-figure salary,'' they convinced
Saranow to begin an aggressive investigation of their claim that took two years,
Bernard said.  Saranow, according to Bernard, became the IRS ''front man'' for
the Marcianos, at the same time the four brothers were suing the Nakash brothers
for control of Guess?.  In addition, Bernard said that agents working on the
case knew of Saranow's personal interest in the Marcianos and that this
influenced the way they handled the case.  The way the investigation was
conducted, according to Bernard, ''appeared to be more a function of the
Marcianos' preferences than IRS' needs'' and an effort to influence their civil
suit, in which ''hundreds of millions of dollars'' were at stake.  Attempts by
IRS investigators to look into Saranow's conduct were repeatedly suppressed by
higher-ranking agency officials, Bernard said, and staffers were afraid to speak
to IRS investigators for fear of retaliation.  One IRS agent told subcommittee
investigators that Saranow's actions would never have been examined if it were
not for an article in Forbes magazine in November 1987.  Saranow retired from
the IRS last year and never took a job with Guess?. No criminal violations were
charged against the Nakash brothers.  The eight cases cited by the subcommittee
included three involving Saranow and five others involving some senior officials
from all seven IRS regions, including an unidentified official who allegedly
used an IRS undercover boat for a Fourth of July beer party, improperly paid for
with government money.  In all, more than 200 interviews were conducted and more
than 25,000 documents examined, the investigator s said.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    June 4, 1997, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Group: Troubled doctors on job

BYLINE: From our news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 510 words


Nearly four out of every 10 doctors disciplined by medical boards for sexual
misconduct continue to practice medicine, a consumer advocacy group said today.

A survey released by Public Citizen's Health Research Group examined 542
physicians who were disciplined for sex-related offenses since 1981. Of that
group, 39.9 percent were licensed to practice in the region they were
disciplined. Another 9.2 percent had suspended licenses and could possibly be
reinstated, Public Citizen said.

Sexual misconduct, as defined in the report, includes public indecency, sexual
harassment of a patient and sexual contact with patients.

Among the examples of misconduct cited in the report:

A doctor found guilty of sexually abusing his teenage psychiatric patients.

A physician who drugged a patient unconscious before sexually abusing her.

A pediatrician who had sex with her 13-year-old son.

Dr. Sidney Wolfe, co-author of the report and director of the research group,
called for more non-physician representation on disciplinary boards and for all
states to enact criminal laws forbidding any sexual contact between physicians
and their patients.

Brenda Craine, a spokeswoman for the American Medical Association in Washington,
said she had not seen the report and could not comment.

MILITARY Boxing on hold

The Marines have suspended boxing at boot camp after one recruit died of a head
injury and another was seriously injured. Recruits will continue to learn
fighting techniques but will not punch each other until a seven-member committee
reviews the training, Maj. Rick Long, a spokesman for the Marine training base
at Parris Island, S.C., said Tuesday. The punching part of "combat hitting
skills" consists of recruits fighting three or four 15-second rounds while
wearing boxing gloves, mouthpieces and head and groin protection.

POLITICS Nominee under fire

U.S. Sen. Jesse Helms told an interviewer Tuesday that Gov. William F. Weld is
not "ambassador quality" and predicted the Massachusetts Republican won't be
confirmed as ambassador to Mexico. Helms (R-N.C.) is chairman of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee, which must review Weld's appointment. It must then
be confirmed by a vote of the entire U.S. Senate. Helms made his latest comments
Tuesday during the taping of the Fox News program "Fox on Politics," which was
to air today. Weld responded calmly, saying criticism is an expected part of the
nomination process.

CRIME Art galleries probed

Federal investigators have subpoenaed sales documents and other records from
prominent New York art galleries and auction houses in a probe of alleged
price-fixing, dealers said Tuesday. Justice Department spokeswoman Jennifer Rose
confirmed that the department's Antitrust Division was investigating "the
possibility of anti-competitive practices in the fine art auction industry." The
investigation reportedly is focused on whether art dealers engaged in collusion
to keep auction bids low so that works could be sold later at inflated prices.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution

                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 2, 2012 Friday

BRIEF: Submariners being investigated for financial misconduct

BYLINE: Jennifer McDermott, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 194 words


March 02--GROTON -- Three of the first female submariners are being taken off
their submarines because of alleged financial misconduct.

The alleged travel claim fraud occurred prior to the women, who are supply
officers, reporting to their submarines, according to Cmdr. Monica Rousselow,
spokeswoman for the commander of the submarine force.

Their reassignments are part of an ongoing investigation, she said today.

"The integration of women on submarines will be minimally impacted," she said.
"Overall the process has gone smoothly with positive results."

Rousselow said that other Navy personnel are involved in the alleged misconduct
but they are not assigned to submarines and she could not say how many.

The women are being temporarily reassigned to Submarine Group 10.

Rousselow said the submarine force is looking at the different options for
replacing the women on the three submarine crews.

The Navy officially lifted its ban in 2010 and began preparing to bring female
officers aboard ballistic-missile and guided-missile submarines.

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120302-NL-BRF-Submariners-being-investigated-for-financial-misconduct
-0302-20120302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day

                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

Maine supreme court sees troubling number of prosecutorial misconduct
allegations

BYLINE: Judy Harrison BDN Staff

LENGTH: 710 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Oral arguments before the Maine Supreme Judicial Court in a
domestic violence case out of Hancock County took an odd turn last week when a
Down East prosecutor told justices that too many appeals in criminal cases
accused prosecutors of misconduct.


More than one justice Thursday told Paul Cavanaugh, first assistant district
attorney for Hancock County, that when they see a problem, they point it out in
their opinions.


"I don't know the number of criminal convictions that are under appeal, but my
guess is that 90 percent have an allegation of prosecutorial misconduct,"
Cavanaugh said. "It is a troubling trend. Either there's a problem and we need
to address it, or there isn't and you need to address that, too."


Cavanaugh brought up the subject of prosecutorial misconduct during oral
arguments in the appeal of Vladek Filler, 42, of Atlanta from a conviction for a
misdemeanor assault involving his former wife when the couple lived in
Gouldsboro. It was the second time the state's high court had heard an appeal in
the case. The first time, justices upheld the trial judge's decision to grant
Filler a new trial based on statements made by Cavanaugh's colleague, Assistant
District Attorney Mary Kellett, during closing arguments.


"Let me suggest to you that the truth of [whether prosecutorial misconduct has
occurred or not] is deducible from the record," Chief Justice Leigh I. Saufley
said last week. "State prosecutors and judges have high ethical duties and we do
see a lot of claims of prosecutorial misconduct, but to a certain extent, it is
the nature of the beast."


Justice Ellen Gorman said the court was doing as Cavanaugh suggested.


"When we do see it, we deal with it," she said. "When we don't see misconduct,
we don't point it out."


Justice Donald Alexander told Cavanaugh he seemed to be too sensitive to the
issue.


"Maybe you ought to grow a thicker skin," the justice said.


Filler's attorney, Stephen Smith of Bangor, filed the second appeal after his
client was convicted May 27, 2011, of misdemeanor assault and acquitted of five
counts of gross sexual assault and another assault charge in the second trial.
Cavanaugh replaced Kellett as prosecutor for the retrial. Filler was sentenced
last August to 21 days in jail.


Superior Court Justice Robert Murray stayed the imposition of the sentence
pending the outcome of the appeal.


Smith argued last week that Filler deserved a third trial because, among other
things, Cavanaugh compared the situation Filler's ex-wife was in when she left
one of their three children with him at their Gouldsboro home to "Sophie's
Choice." Smith said that comparing the Fillers' family situation to the book and
film in which a woman was forced to choose which one of her children would be
killed by a Nazi soldier was unfairly prejudicial.


Justice Jon Levy said that for a juror familiar with the book or movie, the
reference could bring up images of the Holocaust and Hitler's extermination of
the Jews.


"Why use it?" Levy asked.


Cavanaugh said that he used a cultural reference he thought jurors would be more
familiar with, instead of an older reference, such as Hobson's Choice.


That expression is not from literature but has been traced to Thomas Hobson, who
ran a thriving horse rental business in Cambridge, England, around the turn of
the 17th century, according to the Phrase Finder website. Hobson rented out
horses, mainly to Cambridge University students, but refused to hire them out
other than in the order he chose. The choice his customers were given was "this
or none," according to information on the website.


"I wanted the jury to understand that this was an impossible choice," Cavanaugh
told Levy. "To me, it was an idiom. I expect in the future, we'll be using
idioms like LOL in front of juries."


LOL stands for "laughing out loud" and is used in text messages and emails.


Smith argued that in his closing argument to the jury in the second trial,
Cavanaugh asked the jury "to punish the defendant for the divorce findings, the
child custody dispute and relocation of the children," rather than for alleged
criminal conduct.


The Fillers divorced in 2010, according to a previously published report. Vladek
FIller was granted sole custody of the children and relocated to Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News

                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

BRIEF: Ex-police officer charged in TBI misconduct investigation

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 201 words


July 21--NASHVILLE -- Tennessee Bureau of Investigation agents received
indictments for a former Nolensville Police Department officer accused of
misconduct.

At the request of 21st District Attorney General Kim Helper, TBI special agents
started an investigation involving Charles Nathan Terry on April 23, 2013.
During the investigation, agents said they developed information that in 2012
and 2013, Terry solicited and received inappropriate images of a minor female on
his cellphone.

After TBI and FBI agents interviewed Terry, investigators said they learned he
attempted to have the child's cellphone destroyed so the text messages and
images could not be collected as evidence in the case. Terry subsequently
resigned his position with the department May 16, 2013.

On July 14, a Williamson County grand jury returned indictments for Terry,
charging the Hendersonville man with one count of official misconduct and one
count of solicitation of tampering with evidence. Terry was booked into the
Williamson County Jail on Monday and released after posting $5,000 bond.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140721-1LD-BRF-Ex-police-officer-charged-in-TBI-misconduct
-investigation-0721-20140721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014

                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            February 4, 2013 Monday

Purple pride in Anne Arundel County

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG, Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 550  words


EDITOR'S NOTE: Ever want someone to growl on your behalf? The Watchdog wants to
know about your consumer dilemmas and civic complaints. Each week she'll select
one of your issues, take a bite through the red tape of bureaucracy, and bark up
the trees of local government, institutions and businesses. Where there's a
remedy, reason or recourse, there's The 'Dog.

Much of Central Maryland was painted purple and black last week as the Baltimore
Ravens prepared to play in their first Super Bowl in 12 years.

Anne Arundel County was no exception, and one local resident noted the "very
expertly done" Ravens logos drawn in chalk outside many county buildings.

A waste of government resources? Kathleen Freeland thought so.

"Our tax dollars at work," Freeland wrote in an email to the Watchdog. "A
picture of this monumental stupidity is attached."

Freeland said she thought the logos appeared the day before John R. Leopold's
trial on charges of misconduct and misappropriation began in Anne Arundel
Circuit Court. Leopold was convicted last week of two counts of misconduct and
resigned from office Friday.

"Sorry, but I find the timing of this idiocy a tiny bit suspect," said Freeland,
who noticed the logos at county libraries.

Full disclosure: Regular readers of the Watchdog probably know she is a Steelers
fan. But she promises that hasn't motivated her to try to sniff out the source
of these logos.

And she has to chalk this one up to hasty assumptions.

The county's central services officer, Fred Schram, told the Watchdog taxpayers
- no matter what team they root for - didn't foot the bill for the logos.

"I could appreciate (her concern) if it was costing the county money, but it was
not," Schram said.

When the Ravens were in the playoffs, a representative of the team contacted
county officials to see if they wanted the materials to draw the logos.

They were all for it. And so Schram and other volunteers went out after work and
drew the birds outside about 15 county facilities, including county government
headquarters.

Schram said he's a die-hard Ravens fan: "I bleed purple."

Even though Baltimore won Sunday night, don't expect the logos to be around for
much longer.

The rain and snow already have washed away parts of the logos, Schram said, and
he expects the elements to clear them away completely over the next couple of
weeks.

Tax scheme

Maryland Comptroller Peter Franchot warned residents last week of a scam
involving fraudulent notices to estate tax filers from a company purporting to
be a collections firm.

The letters, from a business claiming to be based in Annapolis named IRFS, are
being sent to personal representatives of estates. The notices say the estate
filed delinquently and owes unpaid tax and interest, and provides payment
coupons for the alleged liability.

The notices also advise the representative to obtain a loan or other financing
to pay off the outstanding balance, or a lien will be placed on the taxpayer's
bank account and his or her wages will be garnished. A phone number linked to a
voicemail box is listed on the letter.

Anyone who receives such a notice should call 1-800-MD-TAXES or email
taxhelp@comp.state.md.us, Franchot said.

For a copy of the Maryland Taxpayer's Bill of Rights, visit
www.marylandtaxes.com/taxpayerrights/taxpayer-bill-of-rights_web.pdf.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Much of Central Maryland was painted purple and black last week as the
Baltimore Ravens prepared to play in their first Super Bowl in 12 years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 7, 1994 Tuesday 1ST EDITION

Methodists to form sex conduct team

BYLINE: Virginia Culver, Denver Post Religion Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 351 words


Regional United Methodists will establish an intervention team to handle reports
of clergy sexual misconduct.

The plan, which will cost $ 10,000, will go into effect July 1 and the team will
work in Colorado, southern Wyoming and Utah, which is the Rocky Mountain Annual
Conference of the Church.

The conference voted on the "intervention and response team" proposal yesterday,
the final day of its annual session in Fort Collins.

The resolution on forming the team was part of a package of legislation that had
been recommended by a conference committee. There was no discussion among the
nearly 800 clergy and lay delegates at the session, which was on the campus of
Colorado State University.

The response team was recommended by the conference Ethical and Education
Procedures Committee, which has held 28 seminars throughout the conference,
instructing local congregations on sexual misconduct issues.

The committee, which includes therapists, also has sent members to meet with
congregations after reports of misconduct to help members deal with divisions,
anger and frustration.

Both the team and the ethical committee were established partly due to the
number of clergy misconduct cases facing the church in the past several months.

During the Annual Conference, two ministers were put on voluntary indefinite
leave after admitting to marital infidelity. They had been on suspension since
last fall.

Another minister asked for retirement. He lost a civil suit last winter in
Denver District court. A woman who filed sexual harassment charges against him
was awarded $ 163,000. That case has been appealed.

Another case likely to be appealed is a civil suit against a former Greeley
minister who admitted to child molestation. The accuser was awarded more than $
700,000 in Denver District Court this spring.

The resolution calling for an intervention team stated, in part, "Past history
has made us painfully aware of the need for a team to provide assesment,
intervention and healing."

Details, such as who will appoint the team and its exact duties, haven't been
announced.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 12, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NORTH STARS SING THE BLUES AFTER KEY LOSS AT THE ARENA

BYLINE: Jeff Gordon Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 653 words


North Stars center Bobby Smith didn't need a calculator to compute the damage of
Minnesota's 5-1 loss to the Blues on Sunday night at The Arena.  The loss
dropped the North Stars to fifth place in the Norris Division, one point behind
the Blues with two games to go. A victory would have kept them in fourth place
by three points.  "We could have really tipped things in our favor," Smith said.
"We would have needed one point in our last two games to make the playoffs. Now,
four points might not be enough." The North Stars finish the season by playing
Chicago and Detroit on the road. The Blues go to Toronto, then finish up at home
against the expansion Tampa Bay Lightning.  To make the playoffs, Minnesota will
likely need to win its last two games and get some help Tuesday night from the
Leafs - who are 3-0-3 against the Blues this season.  "We have to win both games
now, for sure," checker Gaetan Duchesne said.  "It's very desperate," Smith
said. "Especially keeping in mind the St.  Louis game with Tampa. We have to
play two very tough teams. Chicago hasn't wrapped up first place yet; they'd
like to do that against us Tuesday night." And, Smith noted, Toronto can't
advance into second place by beating the Blues.  "We have to win the game
Tuesday night," he said. "That's all we can concentrate on." The Stars finished
the season 3-5-1 against the Blues, which would give the second tie-breaker
advantage to the Blues. Should the teams finish with the same number of points,
the first tie-breaker would be total victories. Both teams currently have 36.
"For sure, it's going to be hard," Duchesne said. "We can put pressure on them
Tuesday. We hope Toronto beats them. We can still control our own destiny. It's
going to come down, I think, to the last game." Complicating Minnesota's bid is
the potential lost of defenseman Jim Johnson, who injured his knee Sunday, plus
defenseman Derian Hatcher and enforcer Shane Churla - who could be suspended
Tuesday for accumulated game misconducts.  Bob Gainey, North Stars coach and
general manager, said the club will appeal the game misconducts that Hatcher and
Churla got Sunday night from referee Andy vanHellemond.  "I don't know why we
had game misconducts," Gainey said. "I didn't see any misconducts. Why should
Churla have a game misconduct (for instigating)? He was face to face with
(Stephane) Quintal. If they were going to fight, I don't know. Then another
player jumped in." The North Stars lamented their poor start Sunday night
against the Blues.  They were down 2-0 just 2 minutes 51 seconds into the game
and were down 3-0 less then 10 minutes later.  "We knew that they would come out
playing strong," Duchesne said. "We talked about it before we went out for the
first period. They came out like we talked about." To Gainey's chagrin, the
Stars didn't react well.  "After the first 10 minutes, the outcome was
determined," Gainey said. "We expected them to come at us hard early in the
game, and they did." Gainey said that he didn't play a matchup game to keep his
less-robust players away from the Blues body-checking lines.  "I decided to give
our players a test," he said. "I put the players out there to see if they could
withstand it, and they broke down." On Saturday night, the Stars fell behind 2-0
but rallied for a 4-3 victory.  There was no comeback Sunday night.  "We fell
behind 5-0 in the first period those two games," North Stars center Neal Broten
said. "Especially with the type of team we have, it's not what we wanted to do."
The North Stars certainly weren't outskated - they bombed Blues goaltender
Curtis Joseph with 47 shots - but they fell into an early hole and couldn't
shoot their way out of it.  "There were a lot of quality chances, too," winger
Ulf Dahlen said. "Some of them I don't think he knew he stopped. He's a hot
goaltender.  "We couldn't lose . . . we couldn't be more disappointed."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by Wes Paz/Post-Dispatch - The Blues' Philippe Bozon hits
the ice after checking Minnesota's Richard Matvichuk against the boards.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                                January 23, 2006

Michigan Supreme Court Orders: January 23, 2006

BYLINE: Michigan Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 5403  words


Judicial Tenure Commission

In the Matter of the Honorable Dana Fortinberry, Judge, 52nd District Court. SC:
128666; JTC: Formal Complaint No. 78. Before the Judicial Tenure Commission.

On order of the Court, the Judicial Tenure Commission has issued a Decision and
Recommendation for Discipline, and the Honorable Dana Fortinberry has consented
to the commission's findings of fact, conclusions of law and recommendation of
public censure.

As we conduct our de novo review of this matter, we are mindful of the standards
set forth in In re Brown, 461 Mich 1291, 1292-1293 (2000):

[E]verything else being equal:

(1) misconduct that is part of a pattern or practice is more serious than an
isolated instance of misconduct;

(2) misconduct on the bench is usually more serious than the same misconduct off
the bench;

(3) misconduct that is prejudicial to the actual administration of justice is
more serious than misconduct that is prejudicial only to the appearance of
propriety;

(4) misconduct that does not implicate the actual administration of justice, or
its appearance of impropriety, is less serious than misconduct that does;

(5) misconduct that occurs spontaneously is less serious than misconduct that is
premeditated or deliberated;

(6) misconduct that undermines the ability of the justice system to discover the
truth of what occurred in a legal controversy, or to reach the most just result
in such a case, is more serious than misconduct that merely delays such
discovery;

(7) misconduct that involves the unequal application of justice on the basis of
such considerations as race, color, ethnic background, gender, or religion are
more serious than breaches of justice that do not disparage the integrity of the
system on the basis of a class of citizenship.

The JTC should consider these and other appropriate standards that it may
develop in its expertise, when it offers its recommendations.

In this case those standards are being applied to the following findings and
conclusions of the Judicial Tenure Commission, which we adopt as our own:

1. Respondent has been a judge of the 52nd District Court, 2nd Division, since
January 1, 2003.

2. Kelley Kostin (n}e Ott), an attorney and former magistrate in the 52nd
District Court, is married to Robert Kostin, a local attorney. Mr. Kostin was
previously married to Judith Kostin.

3. Judith Kostin died on September 17, 1989, while still married to Robert
Kostin.

4. Following a postmortem examination on September 18, 1989, the Oakland County
Medical Examiner, Dr. Bill Brooks, specifically determined the cause of death to
be carbon monoxide intoxication, and the manner of death to be suicide. Dr.
Brooks wrote in his report, which was incorporated into the White Lake Township
police report:

We believe that Judith Kostin, a 46-year-old white female, died as the direct
result of carbon monoxide intoxication and that this event was self-inflicted.
Scene circumstance investigation was entirely consistent with such an act with a
note consisting of a series of entries implying suicidal intent. Apparently,
this individual was involved in domestic problems. There was no evidence of
trauma or of assault upon the body inconsistent with the terminal event. The
deceased appeared to be in otherwise good health. Toxicologic examination of
body fluids reserved at the time of the autopsy are separately appended. No
additional autopsy or postmortem investigation is anticipated by this office at
this time.

5. Kelley Kostin was a candidate for an open seat on the 52nd District Court in
the 2004 primary election.

6. Colleen Murphy, who at that time was a magistrate in the 52nd District Court,
was a candidate for the same seat as Kelley Kostin.

7. Respondent supported Colleen Murphy for the position of judge of the 52-2
District Court.

8. On July 20, 2004, respondent sent a five-page letter to Dave Curtis, Vice
President of the Oakland County Deputy Sheriff's Association.

9. The letter concerned the association's endorsement of Kelley Kostin in the
judicial primary for the 52nd District Court.

10. In that letter, respondent made the following statements:

There is another factor that your members should know about in evaluating the
legitimacy of the endorsement recommended by [Deputies] Hubanks and McClure. I
know they could not have informed your members of this issue, because I am
certain that the [Oakland County Deputy Sheriff's Association] would not have
endorsed as it did if the facts had been fully explained. These are the facts:

In 1989, Kelley Ott was a law clerk at Oakland County Circuit Court, and she had
a sexual affair with attorney Bob Kostin, who was at that time living in White
Lake with his third wife [Judith Kostin]. The previous Mrs. Kostin [Judith
Kostin] found out about the affair, and shortly thereafter was found dead at
their home. Due to the circumstances of the death, a police investigation was
launched, albeit quietly because the then-and-current White Lake Township Police
Chief, Ron Stephens, was a neighbor and friend of Bob Kostin. The investigation
was inconclusive, and the case was closed as a suicide. Chief Stephens sealed
the records of the investigation and they remain sealed to this day. According
to another neighbor, Kelley Ott moved into Bob Kostin's home less than a month
after Mrs. Kostin's death. Kelley Ott and Bob Kostin married in the mid-1990's.

The questions raised by these facts are obvious, but the most important question
is what such facts say about the moral fiber of Mr. and Mrs. Kostin. Is this the
type of person your members want as a judge? I chose not to publicize the above
incident during the 2002 campaign because I wanted to win on my own merits.
Colleen Murphy has chosen not to bring it up for the same reason. As law
enforcement officers, however, you deserve to know the truth.

11. Respondent asserted as "fact":

a. Kelley Ott (while a law clerk in Oakland County Circuit Court) had a sexual
affair with Robert Kostin in 1989, when he was married to another woman (Judith
Kostin);

b. Judith Kostin found out about the affair shortly before she was found dead in
her home;

c. The circumstances of the death launched a police investigation, which was
conducted "quietly" as the White Lake Township Police Chief, Ron Stephens, was a
neighbor and friend of Grievant;

d. The police investigation was inconclusive and the case was closed as a
suicide. Chief Stephens sealed the records regarding the investigation and they
remained sealed to the day Respondent issued the letter; and

e. A neighbor stated that Kelley Ott had moved into Bob Kostin's house less than
a month after his wife's death.

12. If a hearing were held, White Lake Township Police Chief Ronald Stephens
would testify that the police investigation regarding the death of Judith Kostin
was not done "quietly," and in fact was conducted as a standard investigation by
the White Lake Township Police Department.

13. If a hearing were held, White Lake Township Police Chief Ronald Stephens
would testify that he and Robert Kostin were not friends or neighbors at the
time of the investigation.

14. If a hearing were held, White Lake Township Police Chief Ronald Stephens
would testify that no aspect of the police investigation was "sealed" by the
White Lake Township Police Department or Chief Stephens.

15. The police investigation into the death of Judy Kostin was not
"inconclusive," as there was an official determination that her death resulted
from self-inflicted carbon monoxide intoxication.

16. Respondent had no first-hand knowledge of the truth or falsity of the facts
stated in paragraphs 12, 13, 14, and 15, above, or of the representations
described in subparagraphs 11(c) and 11(d), above.

17. Respondent did not undertake to independently verify the truth or falsity of
the representations made in her July 20, 2004, letter.

18. Respondent intended the representations in her July 20, 2004, letter to
raise questions regarding the moral fiber of both Robert Kostin and Kelley Ott
Kostin.

19. Respondent admits that her conduct was imprudent, and she deeply regrets any
resulting embarrassment she may have brought to the judiciary.

These standards set forth in Brown are also being applied to the conclusion of
the Judicial Tenure Commission, which we adopt as our own:

Respondent's conduct as admitted and described above constitutes:

(a) Failure to personally observe high standards of conduct so that the
integrity and independence of the judiciary may be preserved, contrary to the
Code of Judicial Conduct, Canon 1;

(b) failure to avoid all impropriety and appearances of impropriety to ensure
that public confidence in the judiciary was not eroded, contrary to the Code of
Judicial Conduct, Canon 2(A); and

(c) failure to conduct oneself at all times in a manner which would promote the
public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the judiciary, contrary
to the Code of Judicial Conduct, Canon 2(B).

After reviewing the recommendation of the Judicial Tenure Commission, the
respondent's consent, the standards set forth in Brown, and the above findings
and conclusions, we order that the Honorable Dana Fortinberry be publicly
censured. This order stands as our public censure.

Leave Granted

McDowell v. City of Detroit. SC: 127660; COA: 246294; Wayne CC: 00-039668-NO. On
December 15, 2005, the Court heard oral argument on the application for leave to
appeal the November 9, 2004 judgment of the Court of Appeals. On order of the
Court, the motion to disqualify is DENIED. The application for leave to appeal
is again considered, and it is GRANTED. MCR 7.302(G)(1). The general issue
presented is whether a fire occurring within the wall of leased premises
constitutes an "intrusion" into plaintiff's leased premises sufficient to bring
it within the trespass-nuisance exception to governmental immunity as discussed
in Hadfield v Oakland County Drain Commissioner, 430 Mich 139 (1988). The
parties are directed to include among the issues briefed: (1) whether, in
general, a lease includes both the inner and outer walls of the leased premises,
see, e.g., Forbes v Gorman, 159 Mich 291, 294 (1909), and (2) whether the
general rule was modified by the portion of the subject lease that limited the
tenant's right to make "alterations or repairs or redecoration to the interior
of the Premises or to install additional equipment or major appliances without
the written consent of Management. "

The Real Property Law Section of the State Bar of Michigan, the Michigan
Association of Realtors, and the Insurance Institute of Michigan are invited to
file briefs amicus curiae. Other persons or groups interested in the
determination of the questions presented in this case may move the Court for
permission to file briefs amicus curiae.

Kelly, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part states as follows: While I
agree to grant leave to appeal, I do not participate in the decision to deny the
motion to disqualify. I agree with Justice Weaver in urging the Court to
establish a particularized procedure to handle motions to disqualify a Supreme
Court Justice from participation in a case.

Cavanagh, J., would deny leave to appeal.

Weaver, J., dissents and states as follows: I am opposed to the entry of the
order denying the motion to disqualify and granting leave to appeal in this case
at this time.

I would hold this case in abeyance until this Court publishes proposals for
public comment, places the issue on a public hearing for administrative matters,
resolves, and makes clear for all to know the proper procedures for handling
motions for the disqualification of Supreme Court Justices from participation in
a case. This Court opened an administrative file on the question on May 20,
2003, but has yet to address the matter further. See ADM 2003-26.

The question regarding the participation or nonparticipation of Justices
frequently recurs and is a matter of public significance because even one
Justice's decision to participate or not participate can affect the decision and
outcome in a case. See Advocacy Org for Patients & Providers v Auto Club Ins
Ass'n, 472 Mich 91 (2005) (Weaver, J., concurring).

People v. Hernandez-Garcia. SC: 129038; COA: 252516; Kent CC: 02-000104-FH. On
order of the Court, the application for leave to appeal the May 10, 2005,
judgment of the Court of Appeals is considered, and it is GRANTED. The parties
are directed to include among the issues briefed the possible relevance of the
mens rea principle recognized in People v Tombs, 472 Mich 446, 454-459 (2005),
to the claim that MCL 750.227(2) should be interpreted to include a momentary
innocent possession defense.

Haynes v. Neshewat. SC: 129206; COA: 249848; Wayne CC: 01-137330-NO. On order of
the Court, the application for leave to appeal the June 23, 2005 judgment of the
Court of Appeals is considered, and it is GRANTED.

The Michigan Department of Civil Rights and the Michigan Civil Rights Commission
are invited to file briefs amicus curiae. Other persons or groups interested in
the determination of the question presented in this case may move the Court for
permission to file briefs amicus curiae.

Tate v. City of Dearborn. SC: 129241; COA: 261950; Wayne CC: 04-404500-NO. On
order of the Court, the application for leave to appeal the May 17, 2005 order
of the Court of Appeals is considered, and it is GRANTED. The parties are
directed to include among the issues to be briefed: (1) whether application of
the rule of Pierson Sand & Gravel, Inc v Keeler Brass Co, 460 Mich 372 (1999),
to this case tends to encourage gamesmanship by giving plaintiffs an incentive
to fail to plead a theory in federal court, with the hope of later litigating
that theory in state court, because it was arguably possible, or even probable,
that the federal court would have declined to exercise its jurisdiction; (2)
whether there are distinguishing factors between this case and Pierson, supra;
(3) whether, if a plaintiff wants to preserve state law claims based on the same
facts as an action it has brought in federal court, it should be obligated to
plead them, or at least attempt to plead them, in the federal court; and (4)
whether the interests of federalism or state sovereignty are implicated by this
case.

City of Mt. Pleasant v. State Tax Comm'n. SC: 129453; COA: 253744; MTT:
00-191496, 196247, 238596, 240992, 240993, 240994, and 240995. On order of the
Court, the application for leave to appeal the June 21, 2005 judgment of the
Court of Appeals is considered, and it is GRANTED, limited to whether MCL 211.7m
exempts property from taxation on the basis that it is "used for public
purposes" within the meaning of that statutory provision when the property is
owned by a city after having been acquired to allow the area to be annexed to
that city and is being assembled and prepared with infrastructure for eventual
sale for economic development purposes that have been determined by the city to
be in the public interest. The parties are DIRECTED to include in their briefs a
discussion of (1) the time period(s) that petitioner owned the property at issue
or parts thereof, (2) the nature of any improvements to or other use of the
property by petitioner during those periods, and (3) whether, by virtue of such
improvements or uses, the property was "used for public purposes" within the
meaning of MCL 211.7m.

The Charter County of Wayne's motion for leave to file brief amicus curiae is
GRANTED. Other persons or groups interested in the determination of the question
presented in this case may move the Court for permission to file briefs amicus
curiae.

In Re Vanconett, Estate. SC: 126758; COA: 247516; Saginaw PC: 01-111943-DE. On
December 1, 2005, the Court heard oral argument on plaintiffs' application for
leave to appeal the July 1, 2004 judgment of the Court of Appeals. Plaintiffs'
application for leave to appeal is again considered, and it is GRANTED. The
parties shall include among the issues to be briefed: (1) whether MCL 700.2514
has displaced the case law that predated the adoption of the Estates and
Protected and Individuals Code, MCL 700.1101 et seq. (EPIC), under MCL
700.1203(1), (2) whether the mere fact that Herbert and Ila VanConett entered
into a mutual will imposes restrictions on the surviving spouse's power of
disposal despite the absence of express contractual or testamentary limitations
on the power of alienation, (3) the source and nature of such a restraint if it
is contended that Herbert VanConett was so restrained from disposing of his
estate, and (4) whether any secondary authority in wills and estates law (e.g.
hornbooks and treatises), or practice in the field, supports the proposition
that a mutual will imposes restrictions on the surviving spouse's power of
disposal in the absence of express contractual language or testamentary
limitations on the power of alienation.

The Real Property Law and Probate and Estate Planning Sections of the State Bar
of Michigan are invited to file briefs amicus curiae. Other persons or groups
interested in the determination of the questions presented may move the Court
for permission to file briefs amicus curiae.

Reversals And Remands

People v. Postley. SC: 130272; COA: 266826; Calhoun CC: 2005-03191-FC;
2005-003140-FC; 2005-002906-FC. On January 9, 2006, this Court granted a motion
for immediate consideration and stayed the proceedings in the Calhoun Circuit
Court. On order of the Court, the application for leave to appeal the January 6,
2006 order of the Court of Appeals is again considered and, pursuant to MCR
7.302(G)(1), in lieu of granting leave to appeal, we REMAND this case to the
Court of Appeals as on leave granted, and DIRECT that court to decide the case
on an expedited basis.

We further ORDER that the stay issued by this Court on January 9, 2006, remains
in effect until completion of this appeal. On motion of a party or on its own
motion, the Court of Appeals may modify, set aside, or place conditions on the
stay if it appears that the appeal is not being vigorously prosecuted or if
other appropriate grounds appear.

Third Judicial Circuit Court v. The Judicial Attorneys Ass'n. SC: 129500-1; COA:
262586, 263413; Wayne CC: 00-004468-CK. On order of the Court, the motions for
leave to file brief amicus curiae are GRANTED. The application for leave to
appeal the September 15, 2005 orders of the Court of Appeals is considered and,
pursuant to MCR 7.302(G)(1), in lieu of granting leave to appeal, we REMAND this
case to the Court of Appeals for consideration as on leave granted. We further
ORDER that the stay entered by this Court on September 29, 2005 remains in
effect until completion of this appeal. The motion to vacate or reconsider is
DENIED as moot.

We retain jurisdiction.

Cavanagh, Weaver, and Kelly, JJ., would deny leave to appeal.

Harris v. Rahman. SC: 126922; COA: 247253; Wayne CC: 01-116038-NO. On December
8, 2005, the Court heard oral argument on the application for leave to appeal
the July 22, 2004 judgment of the Court of Appeals. On order of the Court, the
application is again considered. MCR 7.302(G)(1). In lieu of granting leave to
appeal, we REVERSE the Court of Appeals determination that there is a genuine
issue of material fact as to whether defendant county health department employee
Maciejewski was grossly negligent, and we REMAND this case to the Wayne Circuit
Court for entry of an order granting defendant Maciejewski's motion for summary
disposition. Plaintiff did not present documentary evidence that defendant
Maciejewski knew the quantity of mercury involved when he first spoke with
plaintiff on the telephone, or that defendant Maciejewski's statements directly
contradicted the advice of the Poison Control Center. No reasonable juror could
honestly conclude that defendant Maciejewski's conduct amounted to reckless
conduct showing a substantial lack of concern whether injury would result. See
Stanton v City of Battle Creek, 466 Mich 611, 620-621 (2002); Jackson v Saginaw
County, 458 Mich 141, 146 (1998). Thus, plaintiff has failed to demonstrate that
defendant Maciejewski's conduct constituted gross negligence under MCL
691.1407(2)(c).

Cavanagh, J., would deny leave to appeal.

Kelly, J., dissents and states as follows: I would deny leave to appeal and
remand this case to the circuit court for trial. The trial court properly denied
the motion for summary disposition by defendant Henry Maciejewski and the Court
of Appeals correctly affirmed the decision.

Plaintiff's children found a one-pound can of dental mercury in a house they had
recently rented. They played with it for about two days before plaintiff called
the poison control center. She was told to evacuate the house until she was
contacted again. The family stayed in the yard the rest of the day. But no one
contacted plaintiff, and she could not reach the county health department, so
the family went back into the house.

The next day, July 2, 1998, plaintiff called the Wayne County Health Department.
She spoke with defendant Maciejewski, the hazardous materials manager. As a
trained expert, he knew that mercury is dangerous. He told plaintiff that he
needed to get a mercury vapor detection meter before he could do anything to
assist her and advised her to contact a private environmental consulting firm.
About two weeks later, plaintiff again spoke with Maciejewski. By that time, he
knew that the children had been tested and that their blood mercury levels were,
in his words, "scary. " He told plaintiff he was still working on getting the
testing equipment.

Defendant Maciejewski tested plaintiff's home 2 1/2 weeks after she first
contacted him. Although the meter readings were in the "unsafe" range, he did
not advise plaintiff to evacuate her home. He contacted the Environmental
Protection Agency (EPA), the state health department, and local city government.
Finally, on July 23, 1998, 21 days after plaintiff had first contacted
defendant, plaintiff's family was evacuated from the house and the house
padlocked. The EPA oversaw the cleanup.

Plaintiff sued several defendants. This appeal concerns only the summary
disposition issued in favor of defendant Maciejewski.

Plaintiff alleges that Maciejewski was grossly negligent for failing to require
immediate evacuation of the house and for not providing testing until over two
weeks after plaintiff's first call. Plaintiff claims this gross negligence was
the proximate cause of her children's injuries.

At the hearing on defendant's motion for summary disposition, the trial judge
found that there was a factual dispute with regard to the issue of causation. It
was unknown at that stage of the proceeding whether prolonged exposure causes
more damage than the first contact with mercury. He anticipated that there would
be expert testimony regarding the issue.

He also found a question of fact regarding the issue of gross negligence. He
viewed the evidence in the light most favorable to plaintiff. He then concluded
that reasonable minds could differ on whether defendant's conduct was so
reckless as to demonstrate a substantial lack of concern for whether an injury
resulted. He noted defendant's knowledge that mercury was very dangerous and
disperses into the air at room temperature.

In reviewing a grant of summary disposition, an appellate court views the
evidence in the light most favorable to the nonmoving party. In this case, the
Court of Appeals properly reviewed the parties' documentary evidence de novo. It
wrote:

Defendant, meeting the initial burden of showing that no genuine issue of
material fact exists as to the element of gross negligence, presented evidence
that: (1) he did not initially know how much mercury was involved; (2) he
immediately informed [plaintiff] that she should call an environmental
consulting firm, since he did not have the equipment necessary to conduct the
testing, and provided [her] with the name of such a firm; (3) at the time he
tested [plaintiff's] home he was informed by plaintiff that some professional
cleanup had already been completed; and (4) he had advised [plaintiff] that
additional cleanup should be done to get rid of certain furniture saturated with
mercury, as well as to keep the household pets out of the most highly
contaminated areas. Defendant further presented evidence that even at the time
he contacted the Environmental Protection Agency to get it involved in the case
he still did not believe that it was necessary for [plaintiff's] family to
evacuate their home, because he did not believe that the readings he obtained
during his testing were accurate.

Plaintiff presented evidence that: (1) defendant knew at the time of the spill
at [plaintiff's] home that the amount of mercury involved in a spill was an
important factor because the greater the spill the greater the danger of
vaporization and, therefore, poisoning; (2) before the time of the spill at
[plaintiff's] home, defendant believed that when one pound of elemental mercury
was involved in a spill immediate evacuation of the contaminated area was
necessary; (3) defendant was informed during his first conversation with
[plaintiff] that one pound of mercury was involved and that the Poison Control
Center had advised the family to evacuate the home; (4) although defendant's
testing had revealed levels of mercury contamination within the legal limits for
industrial sites, this legal limit was higher than was safe in a residential
area because it was based on time of exposure; (5) and that defendant had
recommended that [plaintiffs] keep their family pets away from the most heavily
contaminated areas for the safety of the pets. Plaintiff further presented
evidence that, despite all of the above, not only did defendant not advise
[plaintiff's] family to evacuate the home, but he directly contradicted the
advice given the family by the Poison Control Center in telling them that it was
mere speculation that the levels of mercury in the home were dangerous.
[Unpublished opinion per curiam of the Court of Appeals, issued July 22, 2004
(Docket No. 247253, slip op at 3-4].

I believe the Court of Appeals summary of facts to be accurate, and I agree with
the panel's conclusions. The trial court correctly determined that a genuine
issue of material fact exists regarding whether defendant was grossly negligent
in connection with the injuries suffered by plaintiff's children. Thus,
plaintiff's claim is not statutorily barred by governmental immunity.

Leave to appeal should be denied, and the case should be remanded to the circuit
court for trial.

Behnke v. Auto Owners Ins. Co. SC: 127459; COA: 248107; Chippewa CC:
01-005523-NI. On December 14, 2005, the Court heard oral argument on the
application for leave to appeal the September 16, 2004 judgment of the Court of
Appeals. On order of the Court, the application is again considered. MCR
7.302(G)(1). In lieu of granting leave to appeal, we REVERSE the judgment of the
Court of Appeals and REINSTATE the judgment of the Chippewa Circuit Court for
the reasons stated by Court of Appeals Judge Griffin in Part III of his dissent:

III. General Ability to Lead His Normal Life

Regarding the third prong, the Kreiner [v Fischer, 471 Mich 109 (2004)] Court
offered the following guidance:

Determining whether the impairment affects a plaintiff's "general ability" to
lead his normal life requires considering whether the plaintiff is "generally
able" to lead his normal life. If he is generally able to do so, then his
general ability to lead his normal life has not been affected by the impairment.
[Kreiner, supra, slip op, p 24; emphasis added.]

In the present case, the trial judge found that plaintiff was "generally able"
to lead his normal life, despite occasional headaches and neck pain. In
particular, the court made the following findings of fact:

As a result of the accident plaintiff was never hospitalized nor underwent
surgery. He was off work for eight weeks, but has since worked full time both as
a welder and a sawyer. He went to physical therapy on one occasion and did not
return. No doctor has placed plaintiff on medical or work restrictions. Further,
the headaches and neck pain do not limit range of motion other than such motion
normally associated with headaches and occasional neck pain. Currently,
plaintiff takes non-prescription medication for his headaches.

* * *

The evidence established that plaintiff has continuing intermittent neck pain
and headaches. However, his ability to work has not been medically restricted,
even though the pain sometimes causes him to take additional breaks. Plaintiff
has no physician-imposed restrictions on his daily activities and plaintiff is
still able to work, drive, socialize, travel, take care of himself and otherwise
engage in the normal activities of life. Plaintiff testified that when the
headaches and neck pain occur, he is less active and limits his usual
activities. At that point, he self-medicates with over the counter pain
medications. Plaintiff also testified that while engaging in sexual relations
with his wife, he occasionally experiences severe spasms. But, plaintiff also
testified he has a very good intimate relationship with his wife despite these
recurring spasms. Although these minor lifestyle changes are undoubtedly
frustrating, they do not affect plaintiff's ability to lead his normal life.
[Emphasis added.]

Based on the evidence presented, these findings of fact are not clearly
erroneous. MCR 2.613(C). Further, after applying Kreiner to these facts, I would
hold that the lower court did not err in concluding that plaintiff is generally
able to lead his normal life.[2]

[2] "Absent an outcome-determinative genuine factual dispute, the issue of
threshold injury is now a question of law for the court. MCL 500.3135. " Kern [v
Blethen-Coluni, 240 Mich App 333 (2000)], supra at 341. Here, the trial court's
finding of fact is reviewed for clear error, MCR 2.613(C), while its ultimate
legal conclusion is reviewed de novo. Id. at 344 n 3.

Weaver, J., concurs and states as follows: Although I dissented from the
decision in Kreiner v Fischer, 471 Mich 109 (2004), under the facts of this case
I concur in the decision to reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals and
reinstate the judgment of the circuit court.

Cavanagh and Kelly, JJ., would deny leave to appeal.

Bentfield v. Brandon's Landing Boat Bar. SC: 127515; COA: 248795; Oakland CC:
2002-039613-NO. On December 14, 2005, the Court heard oral argument on the
application for leave to appeal the August 31, 2004 judgment of the Court of
Appeals. On order of the Court, the application is again considered. MCR
7.302(G)(1). In lieu of granting leave to appeal, we REVERSE Part III of the
Court of Appeals opinion and REINSTATE the Oakland Circuit Court's order denying
plaintiff's motion for reconsideration. For the reasons stated in the partially
dissenting opinion in the Court of Appeals, the trial judge did not abuse her
discretion when she denied plaintiff's motion for reconsideration.

Cavanagh, J., would deny leave to appeal.

Markman, J., dissents and states as follows: I would deny leave to appeal. In
denying plaintiff's motion for reconsideration, the trial court held that
plaintiff "merely present[ed] the same issues ruled upon previously by this
Court .... " This statement was an error because plaintiff argued for the first
time in his motion for reconsideration that defendant was liable under MCL
554.139. The dissent in the Court of Appeals, upon which the majority relies,
asserted that "'[w]e find no abuse of discretion in denying a motion resting on
a legal theory and facts which could have been pled or argued prior to the trial
court's original order. '" Bentfield v Brandon's Landing Boat Bar, unpublished
opinion per curiam of the Court of Appeals, issued August 31, 2004 (Docket No.
248795) (Meter, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part), quoting
Charbeneau v Wayne Co Gen Hosp, 158 Mich App 730, 733 (1987). However, it also
would not necessarily have been an abuse of discretion to have considered a
motion for reconsideration resting upon a new legal theory. See MCR 2.119(F)(3).
The trial court simply failed to recognize that plaintiff was raising a new
legal theory and, as a result, failed to exercise its discretion to consider (or
not consider) plaintiff's argument. The trial court's failure to exercise its
discretion was itself an abuse of discretion.

Kelly, J., joins the statement of Markman, J.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 21, 2009 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 974 words


LETTER OF THE DAY: Viewers of Woodstock film should leave cynicism at home

I wasn't at Woodstock, but everything Dick Polman wrote that supposedly wasn't
in the documentary ("The utopia that never was," Aug. 15) was, in fact, in the
documentary. Obviously, he has never seen the doc, or it has been a long time
since he has, or maybe his mind is still clouded from the festival.

I distinctly remember seeing the toothless stage manager announcing to the crowd
that help was needed in the medical tents "because a lot of people are freakin'
out over some bad acid out there." And, "Be sure to keep an eye on your
neighbor." As far as the political content of the film goes, virtually every
song was political in nature. In fact, it was one of the most truthful
documentaries I've ever seen.

I'm a 60-year-old journalist and I haven't read Polman's work before, nor have I
ever heard of him despite his appearances on cable TV. But he seems like an
arrogant, bitter, cynical old man, no matter what his age or political leanings
might be. Like a poor man's George Will.

As with Will's and a few other columns printed on the Star Tribune's Opinion
Exchange page, I'll know to ignore Polman's because I already know what his
angle will be.

KEVIN DRISCOLL, ST. PAUL

POLICE AT WORK

Accidents, misconduct, but much improvement

I concur with almost everything in the Aug. 19 editorial entitled "The troubling
arrest of Derryl Jenkins." I share the concerns regarding Minneapolis police
training and reporting on this incident, and I have taken recent actions in
those areas. However, there is one statistic I need to correct. The city of
Minneapolis has not paid over $14 million in police misconduct claims since
2000. The amount for police misconduct claims is actually much lower.

The city owns the responsibility for the reporting error. A graph on the city's
website entitled "Police -- Total Liability Payouts" shows that some major
settlements, such as the $4.5 million for Duy Ngo, were labeled "Police
Misconduct." The reality is that some of these cases were terrible accidents not
due to any misconduct by police officers. I know, just off the top of my head,
of over $7 million in settlements in the last five years for unfortunate
accidents. There are likely more.

In the realities of police work, accidents do happen. Police are driving
vehicles, sometimes at high rates of speed to respond to emergencies and calls.
We are dealing with dangerous situations in which officers have only an instant
to make decisions. We also have incidents of misconduct. I think we have been
making great strides to reduce liabilities and injuries in both categories, and
I know our liability payments for misconduct have gone down steadily during my
tenure as chief.

We will make sure the city corrects the website, and the Minneapolis Police
Department will continue to work hard to "Protect with Courage and Serve with
Compassion."

POLICE CHIEF TIMOTHY J. DOLAN,

MINNEAPOLIS

HEALTH CARE IN AMERICA

Look around -- it's possible to do a lot better

An Aug. 15 letter writer appears to be a doctor without the ability to see the
cure in front of him. He states it is mathematically impossible to do more for
people at less cost. Yet he ignores these facts: Every other industrialized
country in the world is doing more at a lower cost. The United States ranks 37th
in a World Health Organization ranking of overall health care (just behind Costa
Rica and just ahead of Slovenia). The United States ranks dead last among
industrialized countries in the treatment of preventable diseases.

By improving the treatment of preventable diseases we can lower our costs by
helping people before they end up in the emergency room with advanced stages of
sickness and disease. Our neighbors to the north, who spend just over half of
what we do for health care (per capita), have overwhelmingly declared in a
recent survey that they would not be willing to trade their health care for the
system (or lack thereof) we have in the United States.

WARREN BLECHERT, EXCELSIOR

PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES

Get to know them, and get past the fears

As CEO for Arc Greater Twin Cities, a nonprofit serving people with intellectual
and developmental disabilities and their families, I cannot express my sadness
as I read "Neighbors turn group home away" (Aug. 15).

Arc has worked for over 60 years for laws that protect the rights of people with
disabilities. But attitudes cannot be legislated -- and we know there are those
who harbor fears about people with disabilities, whether they perceive a threat
to their safety or their property values.

If you do not have the gift of someone with a disability in your life, let us at
Arc introduce you to some stellar community citizens who may change your
attitudes and your lives!

KIM KEPRIOS, ST. PAUL

JENKINS' ARREST

The officer should have explained himself

In response to the Aug. 19 letter about "complying with cops": Either the
officer should have announced immediately why he pulled Derryl Jenkins over,
then asked for his license, or answered the question when asked. Had he done so,
Jenkins would have handed his license over and the resulting beating would not
have taken place. This I know for sure because I know Derryl.

I am so disgusted and tired of hearing about people in authority taking
advantage of and abusing everyday people.

MARY HUSAK, EAGAN

TOWN HALL MEETINGS

What's next? A patriot taking a pot shot?

Now come Obama haters brandishing firearms under the guise of the Second
Amendment, true patriotic Americans indeed. Armed health care reform opponents
is like pouring gasoline on an already violent -- even hateful -- protest
movement.

Chances are, some wild-eyed patriot will take a shot at the president, and just
could show the world that killing our presidents is how we Americans settle our
disputes. What a country!

JOHN HELGERSON, VICTORIA

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday

'Purgatory' well-managed, audit finds

BYLINE: By Mark Havnes The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: AUTOMOTIVE; News; Breaking

LENGTH: 407 words


Posted: 10:44 AM- ST. GEORGE - While there is room for improvement in hiring,
training and supervision, the jail in Washington County is generally well-run,
according to an audit released Tuesday.

The audit of the Purgatory Correctional Facility was requested by Sheriff Kirk
Smith after five male correctional officers resigned in connection with alleged
sexual misconduct with female inmates beginning in January 2005.

Three of those officers were charged criminally.

The 105-page audit, compiled by the consulting firm of DeLand and Associates at
a cost of $10,000, was requested by the sheriff and County Commission last June.

The audit found the hiring and training practices by the sheriff's office to be
mostly competent and comprehensive.

"The actions of the officers involved in the sexual misconduct were not caused
or permitted to occur due to any dysfunction in hiring process or procedures
utilized by Washington County," the audit states.

Training procedures at the jail were also vindicated.

"There is no basis for a conclusion that training deficiencies caused the sexual
misconduct which prompted this audit," the audit states.

Gary DeLand, who headed the Utah Department of Corrections from 1985 to 1992 and
authored the audit, noted that corrections officers faces challenges and
temptations in guarding prisoners.

There is no perfect screening process to identify applicants who might make a
mistake or succumb to temptation, he said.

"A lack of misconduct in a [applicant] is not necessarily a great predictor for
how a person will respond in an environment where prisoners and staff interact
on a constant basis and in close proximity."

Of 94 law-enforcement officials to have had their certification revoked between
2000 and 2005, DeLand writes, 43 were for sexual misconduct.

The audit did make suggestions for improvements, but none that would have
necessarily prevented the sexual misconduct.

Allegations of the misconduct came to light after a substance abuse counselor
informed Smith that a former female inmate confided she had a relationship with
a guard.

Sgt. Charles Mrvicka, 58, and Officer Brian Stubbs, 32, both pleaded guilty in
May 2006 to one count of custodial sexual relations, a third-degree felony, and
one count of custodial sexual misconduct, a class A misdemeanor, and have been
sentenced to jail time and probation.

A third officer, Michael Ballard has also been charged and is awaiting trial.

mhavnes@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            December 17, 2004 Friday
                                National Edition

Krispy Kreme shares rise after legal report: No misconduct found

BYLINE: Nichola Groom, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES - Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. said yesterday a law firm found no
intentional misconduct by the doughnut shop chain regarding an accounting error
in a franchise acquisition, sending its stock up nearly 9%.

The announcement was the latest to address how the one-time darling of Wall
Street accounts for repurchased franchises, an issue that is also the subject of
investigations by both the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and a special
committee formed by the company.

One industry analyst said the results were promising in light of the company's
myriad troubles, which include a sharp slowdown in sales of its signature glazed
doughnuts.

"Surviving one investigation intact supports the argument for the validity of
past financial statements and will likely promote continued management tenure
despite the dramatic deceleration in business fundamentals," J.P. Morgan analyst
John Ivankoe said in a note to clients.

Winston-Salem, N.C.-based Krispy Kreme has 437 stores in 45 U.S. states. Its
stock, which traded at nearly $50US in August 2003, hit a record low of $9US.37
in late November.

Krispy Kreme hired the law firm in August to investigate a matter related to a
fiscal 2004 acquisition. The company said in September the firm found no
evidence of misconduct, but was performing "additional procedures" to review
certain electronic files at the request of the company's outside auditor,
PriceWaterhouseCoopers.

Pending the results of the probe by the special committee, Krispy Kreme said
errors in accounting for the buy-backs of its Northern California and Michigan
franchises would reduce net income for the year ended in January by 2.7%. But
depending on the treatment of certain accounting adjustments, earnings for
fiscal 2004 could be cut by as much as 7.6%, the company said.

In addition to examining its accounting for franchise buy-backs, Krispy Kreme is
also probing the timing of the consolidation of KremeKo Inc., its area developer
for parts of Canada.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Richard Sheinwald, Bloomberg News; Krispy Kreme
doughnuts in production: The company has experienced a sharp slowdown in sales.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2004 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2008 Friday

Ex-judge slipped broad misconduct probe: Resignation ends investigation into
allegations against Edward Nottingham.

BYLINE: Robert Boczkiewicz, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Oct. 31--DENVER -- The federal court system disclosed Thursday its misconduct
proceedings against the former chief judge of the U.S. District Court for
Colorado were broader than previously known.

The disclosure came in the court system's decision to end the proceedings on
grounds the misconduct allegations "are moot" because Edward Nottingham no
longer is a judge as the result of his resignation that took effect on
Wednesday.

Nottingham resigned his lifetime judgeship on Oct. 21 at a critical point in the
secret proceedings into misconduct allegations against him.

Thursday's disclosure showed he resigned less than three weeks after the court
system notified him of the broader scope of the proceedings. They included an
Oct. 1 complaint by the chief judge of the Denver-based federal appeals court
alleging Nottingham had misused his court-owned cell phone to make calls to
prostitutes and that he had lied during the investigation into several
allegations against him.

A court source told The Pueblo Chieftain the wider scope of the internal court
system proceedings against Nottingham seemed to be a factor in his decision to
resign rather than continuing to fight the proceedings. The source said
Nottingham resigned just two or three days before the court system was to meet
to decide what action to take against him and that Nottingham feared what the
action would be.

Meanwhile, The Chieftain has learned the Colorado Supreme Court's attorney
regulation office has given an attorney for Nottingham 20 days to respond to a
request that the agency investigate Nottingham for misconduct.

The request was made by Sean Harrington, who posted the agency's response on his
Web site, KnowYourCourts.com.

Thursday's final report did not disclose the findings and conclusions of the
investigation and proceedings.

The report said the investigation "included numerous interviews, review of
credit card, telephone and computer usage records, and inspection of computer
hard drives."

Because of Nottingham's resignation, the federal court system ended its
proceedings against him, leaving the validity of the allegations unknown.

When Nottingham's resignation was announced, an attorney for him said they would
have no future comment.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081031-PB-Ex-judge-slipped-broad-misconduct-probe-1031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2008 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Prosecutor with checkered record is training legal watchdogs

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The agency in charge of disciplining California's lawyers has the pick of the
litter when it comes to contracting with legal specialists. So the State Bar's
decision to hire a Bay Area attorney with a checkered record is raising
eyebrows.

Alfred F. Giannini, a retired San Mateo County deputy district attorney, has
been criticized by the Northern California Innocence Project for committing
misconduct in three murder trials that led to a reversal or a mistrial.

Now he's coaching trial attorneys on how to win cases against lawyers the State
Bar accuses of stealing, cheating or lying.

"It's a bizarre choice. He's like the poster boy of misconduct," said Kathleen
M. Ridolfi, the project's former director, who teaches at Santa Clara
University's law school. "It's a very sad statement about the Bar in
California.''

But Giannini vigorously defended his record in an interview with this newspaper,
offering detailed explanations for each problematic case and criticizing the
Innocence Project's research in annual reports about prosecutorial misconduct as
incomplete. The reports, which cover a period from 2009 through 2011, document
the failure of the justice system, including judges and the State Bar itself, to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

"It's troubling that the people who claim to be in the ethics business are as
careless with the facts as they seem to be," Giannini said of the Innocence
Project. "It's a shame because there's real prosecutorial misconduct out there
for them to go after.''

The Bar hired Giannini last spring to spend 10 hours a week at $75 an hour
training its litigators under a year-long contract. He retired from the San
Mateo County District Attorney's Office after 33 years as a prosecutor there and
in San Francisco.

Laura Ernde, a spokeswoman for the Bar, said Friday that the agency would have
no immediate comment on the decision to hire him because most of the staff was
out of town at a conference. She did say, however, "there are no plans to renew"
Giannini's contract when it expires in May.

Giannini said he was asked to train the attorneys by his former boss, retired
San Mateo County District Attorney James P. Fox, who serves on the Bar's board
of trustees. He could not immediately be reached for comment.

Giannini said he handled about 100 trials during his career, including about 50
homicide cases. In one of those cases, the Innocence Project reported that he
failed to turn over evidence about a payment to an informant, prompting a
Superior Court judge to order a new trial for a man convicted of murder in San
Francisco.

But Giannini said the "informant'' was actually a 16-year-old boy who witnessed
two carloads of gang members shoot at a crowd, killing two people and wounding
at least eight. When the gang later shot up the witness' house, San Francisco
police inspectors moved him to a safer spot and paid his housing expenses.

Giannini said he was unaware that one of the inspectors also had gotten the boy
a job. But he said he takes responsibility as head of the prosecution team for
failing to turn over the information and regrets his mistake. The District
Attorney's Office declined to retry the gang member after the reversal, which
Giannini said was in 2008.

In a separate case, a federal appellate panel found that Giannini had
discriminated against an African-American woman during jury selection by not
choosing her to serve.

Giannini said he didn't choose her because she was reading a book during the
selection process. The appellate panel's decision came after a state appellate
court, the California Supreme Court and a federal district court found no racial
discrimination, he said.

He is particularly stung by criticism of his conduct in a 2010 murder case. The
judge in the case ruled that exculpatory evidence had not been turned over to
the defense, according to the Innocence Project report.

Giannini said the case was handed off to him by another prosecutor late in the
process. When one of the witnesses who hadn't been thoroughly interviewed wound
up providing more incriminating evidence against the defendant, Giannini said,
he quickly turned over the information.

It's true that the judge declared a mistrial, Giannini said, but he retried the
man for murder and won.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Bay Area prosecutor with checkered record is training legal watchdogs

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The agency in charge of disciplining California's lawyers has the pick of the
litter when it comes to contracting with legal specialists. So the State Bar's
decision to hire a Bay Area attorney with a checkered record is raising
eyebrows.

Alfred F. Giannini, a retired San Mateo County deputy district attorney, has
been criticized by the Northern California Innocence Project for committing
misconduct in three murder trials that led to a reversal or a mistrial.

Now he's coaching trial attorneys on how to win cases against lawyers the State
Bar accuses of stealing, cheating or lying.

"It's a bizarre choice. He's like the poster boy of misconduct," said Kathleen
M. Ridolfi, the project's former director, who teaches at Santa Clara
University's law school. "It's a very sad statement about the Bar in
California.''

But Giannini vigorously defended his record in an interview with this newspaper,
offering detailed explanations for each problematic case and criticizing the
Innocence Project's research in annual reports about prosecutorial misconduct as
incomplete. The reports, which cover a period from 2009 through 2011, document
the failure of the justice system, including judges and the State Bar itself, to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

"It's troubling that the people who claim to be in the ethics business are as
careless with the facts as they seem to be," Giannini said of the Innocence
Project. "It's a shame because there's real prosecutorial misconduct out there
for them to go after.''

The Bar hired Giannini last spring to spend 10 hours a week at $75 an hour
training its litigators under a year-long contract. He retired from the San
Mateo County District Attorney's Office after 33 years as a prosecutor there and
in San Francisco.

Laura Ernde, a spokeswoman for the Bar, said Friday that the agency would have
no immediate comment on the decision to hire him because most of the staff was
out of town at a conference. She did say, however, "there are no plans to renew"
Giannini's contract when it expires in May.

Giannini said he was asked to train the attorneys by his former boss, retired
San Mateo County District Attorney James P. Fox, who serves on the Bar's board
of trustees. He could not immediately be reached for comment.

Giannini said he handled about 100 trials during his career, including about 50
homicide cases. In one of those cases, the Innocence Project reported that he
failed to turn over evidence about a payment to an informant, prompting a
Superior Court judge to order a new trial for a man convicted of murder in San
Francisco.

But Giannini said the "informant'' was actually a 16-year-old boy who witnessed
two carloads of gang members shoot at a crowd, killing two people and wounding
at least eight. When the gang later shot up the witness' house, San Francisco
police inspectors moved him to a safer spot and paid his housing expenses.

Giannini said he was unaware that one of the inspectors also had gotten the boy
a job. But he said he takes responsibility as head of the prosecution team for
failing to turn over the information and regrets his mistake. The District
Attorney's Office declined to retry the gang member after the reversal, which
Giannini said was in 2008.

In a separate case, a federal appellate panel found that Giannini had
discriminated against an African-American woman during jury selection by not
choosing her to serve.

Giannini said he didn't choose her because she was reading a book during the
selection process. The appellate panel's decision came after a state appellate
court, the California Supreme Court and a federal district court found no racial
discrimination, he said.

He is particularly stung by criticism of his conduct in a 2010 murder case. The
judge in the case ruled that exculpatory evidence had not been turned over to
the defense, according to the Innocence Project report.

Giannini said the case was handed off to him by another prosecutor late in the
process. When one of the witnesses who hadn't been thoroughly interviewed wound
up providing more incriminating evidence against the defendant, Giannini said,
he quickly turned over the information.

It's true that the judge declared a mistrial, Giannini said, but he retried the
man for murder and won.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prosecutor Alfred Giannini, 2004. (Bay Area News Group archives)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Bay Area prosecutor with checkered record is training legal watchdogs

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The agency in charge of disciplining California's lawyers has the pick of the
litter when it comes to contracting with legal specialists. So the State Bar's
decision to hire a Bay Area attorney with a checkered record is raising
eyebrows.

Alfred F. Giannini, a retired San Mateo County deputy district attorney, has
been criticized by the Northern California Innocence Project for committing
misconduct in three murder trials that led to a reversal or a mistrial.

Now he's coaching trial attorneys on how to win cases against lawyers the State
Bar accuses of stealing, cheating or lying.

"It's a bizarre choice. He's like the poster boy of misconduct," said Kathleen
M. Ridolfi, the project's former director, who teaches at Santa Clara
University's law school. "It's a very sad statement about the Bar in
California.''

But Giannini vigorously defended his record in an interview with this newspaper,
offering detailed explanations for each problematic case and criticizing the
Innocence Project's research in annual reports about prosecutorial misconduct as
incomplete. The reports, which cover a period from 2009 through 2011, document
the failure of the justice system, including judges and the State Bar itself, to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

"It's troubling that the people who claim to be in the ethics business are as
careless with the facts as they seem to be," Giannini said of the Innocence
Project. "It's a shame because there's real prosecutorial misconduct out there
for them to go after.''

The Bar hired Giannini last spring to spend 10 hours a week at $75 an hour
training its litigators under a year-long contract. He retired from the San
Mateo County District Attorney's Office after 33 years as a prosecutor there and
in San Francisco.

Laura Ernde, a spokeswoman for the Bar, said Friday that the agency would have
no immediate comment on the decision to hire him because most of the staff was
out of town at a conference. She did say, however, "there are no plans to renew"
Giannini's contract when it expires in May.

Giannini said he was asked to train the attorneys by his former boss, retired
San Mateo County District Attorney James P. Fox, who serves on the Bar's board
of trustees. He could not immediately be reached for comment.

Giannini said he handled about 100 trials during his career, including about 50
homicide cases. In one of those cases, the Innocence Project reported that he
failed to turn over evidence about a payment to an informant, prompting a
Superior Court judge to order a new trial for a man convicted of murder in San
Francisco.

But Giannini said the "informant'' was actually a 16-year-old boy who witnessed
two carloads of gang members shoot at a crowd, killing two people and wounding
at least eight. When the gang later shot up the witness' house, San Francisco
police inspectors moved him to a safer spot and paid his housing expenses.

Giannini said he was unaware that one of the inspectors also had gotten the boy
a job. But he said he takes responsibility as head of the prosecution team for
failing to turn over the information and regrets his mistake. The District
Attorney's Office declined to retry the gang member after the reversal, which
Giannini said was in 2008.

In a separate case, a federal appellate panel found that Giannini had
discriminated against an African-American woman during jury selection by not
choosing her to serve.

Giannini said he didn't choose her because she was reading a book during the
selection process. The appellate panel's decision came after a state appellate
court, the California Supreme Court and a federal district court found no racial
discrimination, he said.

He is particularly stung by criticism of his conduct in a 2010 murder case. The
judge in the case ruled that exculpatory evidence had not been turned over to
the defense, according to the Innocence Project report.

Giannini said the case was handed off to him by another prosecutor late in the
process. When one of the witnesses who hadn't been thoroughly interviewed wound
up providing more incriminating evidence against the defendant, Giannini said,
he quickly turned over the information.

It's true that the judge declared a mistrial, Giannini said, but he retried the
man for murder and won.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prosecutor Alfred Giannini, 2004. (Bay Area News Group archives)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Prosecutor with checkered record is training legal watchdogs

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The agency in charge of disciplining California's lawyers has the pick of the
litter when it comes to contracting with legal specialists. So the State Bar's
decision to hire a Bay Area attorney with a checkered record is raising
eyebrows.

Alfred F. Giannini, a retired San Mateo County deputy district attorney, has
been criticized by the Northern California Innocence Project for committing
misconduct in three murder trials that led to a reversal or a mistrial.

Now he's coaching trial attorneys on how to win cases against lawyers the State
Bar accuses of stealing, cheating or lying.

"It's a bizarre choice. He's like the poster boy of misconduct," said Kathleen
M. Ridolfi, the project's former director, who teaches at Santa Clara
University's law school. "It's a very sad statement about the Bar in
California.''

But Giannini vigorously defended his record in an interview with this newspaper,
offering detailed explanations for each problematic case and criticizing the
Innocence Project's research in annual reports about prosecutorial misconduct as
incomplete. The reports, which cover a period from 2009 through 2011, document
the failure of the justice system, including judges and the State Bar itself, to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

"It's troubling that the people who claim to be in the ethics business are as
careless with the facts as they seem to be," Giannini said of the Innocence
Project. "It's a shame because there's real prosecutorial misconduct out there
for them to go after.''

The Bar hired Giannini last spring to spend 10 hours a week at $75 an hour
training its litigators under a year-long contract. He retired from the San
Mateo County District Attorney's Office after 33 years as a prosecutor there and
in San Francisco.

Laura Ernde, a spokeswoman for the Bar, said Friday that the agency would have
no immediate comment on the decision to hire him because most of the staff was
out of town at a conference. She did say, however, "there are no plans to renew"
Giannini's contract when it expires in May.

Giannini said he was asked to train the attorneys by his former boss, retired
San Mateo County District Attorney James P. Fox, who serves on the Bar's board
of trustees. He could not immediately be reached for comment.

Giannini said he handled about 100 trials during his career, including about 50
homicide cases. In one of those cases, the Innocence Project reported that he
failed to turn over evidence about a payment to an informant, prompting a
Superior Court judge to order a new trial for a man convicted of murder in San
Francisco.

But Giannini said the "informant'' was actually a 16-year-old boy who witnessed
two carloads of gang members shoot at a crowd, killing two people and wounding
at least eight. When the gang later shot up the witness' house, San Francisco
police inspectors moved him to a safer spot and paid his housing expenses.

Giannini said he was unaware that one of the inspectors also had gotten the boy
a job. But he said he takes responsibility as head of the prosecution team for
failing to turn over the information and regrets his mistake. The District
Attorney's Office declined to retry the gang member after the reversal, which
Giannini said was in 2008.

In a separate case, a federal appellate panel found that Giannini had
discriminated against an African-American woman during jury selection by not
choosing her to serve.

Giannini said he didn't choose her because she was reading a book during the
selection process. The appellate panel's decision came after a state appellate
court, the California Supreme Court and a federal district court found no racial
discrimination, he said.

He is particularly stung by criticism of his conduct in a 2010 murder case. The
judge in the case ruled that exculpatory evidence had not been turned over to
the defense, according to the Innocence Project report.

Giannini said the case was handed off to him by another prosecutor late in the
process. When one of the witnesses who hadn't been thoroughly interviewed wound
up providing more incriminating evidence against the defendant, Giannini said,
he quickly turned over the information.

It's true that the judge declared a mistrial, Giannini said, but he retried the
man for murder and won.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Bay Area prosecutor with checkered record is training legal watchdogs

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The agency in charge of disciplining California's lawyers has the pick of the
litter when it comes to contracting with legal specialists. So the State Bar's
decision to hire a Bay Area attorney with a checkered record is raising
eyebrows.

Alfred F. Giannini, a retired San Mateo County deputy district attorney, has
been criticized by the Northern California Innocence Project for committing
misconduct in three murder trials that led to a reversal or a mistrial.

Now he's coaching trial attorneys on how to win cases against lawyers the State
Bar accuses of stealing, cheating or lying.

"It's a bizarre choice. He's like the poster boy of misconduct," said Kathleen
M. Ridolfi, the project's former director, who teaches at Santa Clara
University's law school. "It's a very sad statement about the Bar in
California.''

But Giannini vigorously defended his record in an interview with this newspaper,
offering detailed explanations for each problematic case and criticizing the
Innocence Project's research in annual reports about prosecutorial misconduct as
incomplete. The reports, which cover a period from 2009 through 2011, document
the failure of the justice system, including judges and the State Bar itself, to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

"It's troubling that the people who claim to be in the ethics business are as
careless with the facts as they seem to be," Giannini said of the Innocence
Project. "It's a shame because there's real prosecutorial misconduct out there
for them to go after.''

The Bar hired Giannini last spring to spend 10 hours a week at $75 an hour
training its litigators under a year-long contract. He retired from the San
Mateo County District Attorney's Office after 33 years as a prosecutor there and
in San Francisco.

Laura Ernde, a spokeswoman for the Bar, said Friday that the agency would have
no immediate comment on the decision to hire him because most of the staff was
out of town at a conference. She did say, however, "there are no plans to renew"
Giannini's contract when it expires in May.

Giannini said he was asked to train the attorneys by his former boss, retired
San Mateo County District Attorney James P. Fox, who serves on the Bar's board
of trustees. He could not immediately be reached for comment.

Giannini said he handled about 100 trials during his career, including about 50
homicide cases. In one of those cases, the Innocence Project reported that he
failed to turn over evidence about a payment to an informant, prompting a
Superior Court judge to order a new trial for a man convicted of murder in San
Francisco.

But Giannini said the "informant'' was actually a 16-year-old boy who witnessed
two carloads of gang members shoot at a crowd, killing two people and wounding
at least eight. When the gang later shot up the witness' house, San Francisco
police inspectors moved him to a safer spot and paid his housing expenses.

Giannini said he was unaware that one of the inspectors also had gotten the boy
a job. But he said he takes responsibility as head of the prosecution team for
failing to turn over the information and regrets his mistake. The District
Attorney's Office declined to retry the gang member after the reversal, which
Giannini said was in 2008.

In a separate case, a federal appellate panel found that Giannini had
discriminated against an African-American woman during jury selection by not
choosing her to serve.

Giannini said he didn't choose her because she was reading a book during the
selection process. The appellate panel's decision came after a state appellate
court, the California Supreme Court and a federal district court found no racial
discrimination, he said.

He is particularly stung by criticism of his conduct in a 2010 murder case. The
judge in the case ruled that exculpatory evidence had not been turned over to
the defense, according to the Innocence Project report.

Giannini said the case was handed off to him by another prosecutor late in the
process. When one of the witnesses who hadn't been thoroughly interviewed wound
up providing more incriminating evidence against the defendant, Giannini said,
he quickly turned over the information.

It's true that the judge declared a mistrial, Giannini said, but he retried the
man for murder and won.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prosecutor Alfred Giannini, 2004. (Bay Area News Group archives)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Prosecutor with checkered record is training legal watchdogs

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 726 words


The agency in charge of disciplining California's lawyers has the pick of the
litter when it comes to contracting with legal specialists. So the State Bar's
decision to hire a Bay Area attorney with a checkered record is raising
eyebrows.

Alfred F. Giannini, a retired San Mateo County deputy district attorney, has
been criticized by the Northern California Innocence Project for committing
misconduct in three murder trials that led to a reversal or a mistrial.

Now he's coaching trial attorneys on how to win cases against lawyers the State
Bar accuses of stealing, cheating or lying.

"It's a bizarre choice. He's like the poster boy of misconduct," said Kathleen
M. Ridolfi, the project's former director, who teaches at Santa Clara
University's law school. "It's a very sad statement about the Bar in
California.''

But Giannini vigorously defended his record in an interview with this newspaper,
offering detailed explanations for each problematic case and criticizing the
Innocence Project's research in annual reports about prosecutorial misconduct as
incomplete. The reports, which cover a period from 2009 through 2011, document
the failure of the justice system, including judges and the State Bar itself, to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

"It's troubling that the people who claim to be in the ethics business are as
careless with the facts as they seem to be," Giannini said of the Innocence
Project. "It's a shame because there's real prosecutorial misconduct out there
for them to go after.''

The Bar hired Giannini last spring to spend 10 hours a week at $75 an hour
training its litigators under a year-long contract. He retired from the San
Mateo County District Attorney's Office after 33 years as a prosecutor there and
in San Francisco.

Laura Ernde, a spokeswoman for the Bar, said Friday that the agency would have
no immediate comment on the decision to hire him because most of the staff was
out of town at a conference. She did say, however, "there are no plans to renew"
Giannini's contract when it expires in May.

Giannini said he was asked to train the attorneys by his former boss, retired
San Mateo County District Attorney James P. Fox, who serves on the Bar's board
of trustees. He could not immediately be reached for comment.

Giannini said he handled about 100 trials during his career, including about 50
homicide cases. In one of those cases, the Innocence Project reported that he
failed to turn over evidence about a payment to an informant, prompting a
Superior Court judge to order a new trial for a man convicted of murder in San
Francisco.

But Giannini said the "informant'' was actually a 16-year-old boy who witnessed
two carloads of gang members shoot at a crowd, killing two people and wounding
at least eight. When the gang later shot up the witness' house, San Francisco
police inspectors moved him to a safer spot and paid his housing expenses.

Giannini said he was unaware that one of the inspectors also had gotten the boy
a job. But he said he takes responsibility as head of the prosecution team for
failing to turn over the information and regrets his mistake. The District
Attorney's Office declined to retry the gang member after the reversal, which
Giannini said was in 2008.

In a separate case, a federal appellate panel found that Giannini had
discriminated against an African-American woman during jury selection by not
choosing her to serve.

Giannini said he didn't choose her because she was reading a book during the
selection process. The appellate panel's decision came after a state appellate
court, the California Supreme Court and a federal district court found no racial
discrimination, he said.

He is particularly stung by criticism of his conduct in a 2010 murder case. The
judge in the case ruled that exculpatory evidence had not been turned over to
the defense, according to the Innocence Project report.

Giannini said the case was handed off to him by another prosecutor late in the
process. When one of the witnesses who hadn't been thoroughly interviewed wound
up providing more incriminating evidence against the defendant, Giannini said,
he quickly turned over the information.

It's true that the judge declared a mistrial, Giannini said, but he retried the
man for murder and won.

Contact Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prosecutor Alfred Giannini, 2004. (Bay Area News Group archives)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         May 12, 2000 Friday 2D EDITION

COLORADO SPRINGS Ex-gaming officer pleads no contest to misconduct

BYLINE: By Erin Emery, Denver Post Southern Colorado Bureau,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-04

LENGTH: 542 words


The former lead investigator in the state gaming office in  Cripple Creek has
pleaded no contest to second-degree official  misconduct for helping friends who
happened to have a gaming  license locate a piece of real estate in Cripple
Creek.

Craig Bridgmon, 49, of Woodland Park, pleaded no contest  Wednesday to the
misdemeanor charge before El Paso County Judge  Barney Iuppa. He was fined $ 500
and ordered to do 60 hours  community service. Bridgmon was fired from his $
80,000-a-year job  last month following a three-week internal investigation.

According to special prosecutor David Bergin, a deputy  district attorney in
Canon City, Bridgmon received a used car,  worth $ 17,000 in 1997, for helping
two of his friends, Gary Finley  and James Gulbrandsen, find property in Cripple
Creek.

Bridgmon told Finley and Gulbrandsen, who had been previous  owners of Womack's
Casino, that land near the Double Eagle Hotel  was available. The land has not
been developed and is a parking  lot. At the time Bridgmon helped the men find
the property, they  had sold their interest in Womack's but both men still held
gaming  licenses, Bergin said.

'They were people who had gaming licenses in the past. He  thought that because
they had sold out their interests in the  casino that they no longer had gaming
licenses, but they still had  licenses. He basically made a big mistake,' Bergin
said.

Under Colorado law, anyone who works for the Division of  Gaming is prohibited
from owning any property other than a primary  residence in Teller or Gilpin
counties, possessing a financial  interest in the gaming business, having a
felony conviction or any  conviction on a gaming offense or accepting money,
gifts,  employment or anything of value from anyone associated with gaming  or
participating in gaming.

'Craig Bridgmon's role was that if he didn't know these people  had a license,
he certainly should have,' said Tom Kitts, director  of the Colorado Department
of Gaming. 'He had every opportunity to  know.'

'Our position is you can't accept anything of value from a  licensee. Certainly
these policies are not foreign to any gaming  employee. They know what's allowed
and what's expected of them,'  Kitts said.

Bergin said that had Bridgmon not been a gaming employee,  there would have been
no investigation.

'Assuming both were private citizens, there wasn't anything  illegal about it,'
Bergin said. 'He basically told them about the  availability of this property.'

Bergin said the used car 'was kind of an off-handed  commission. He wasn't
normally in the business of real estate.  They apparently did this deal and
decided to give him a  commission. He didn't solicit it.'

Gaming officials discovered that Bridgmon had offered the  real-estate tip
during a routine investigation early this year.  Bridgmon was fired because he
violated strict laws that govern  conflicts of interest in the industry.

'I think he just screwed up,' Bergin said. 'I don't think he  was really doing
anything intentionally to violate the statute.'

Bridgmon - the godfather to one of Finley's children - did not  return a call
from The Denver Post.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Witnesses testify to San Jose prosecutor's good character in misconduct trial

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 333 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- An illustrious group of judges and lawyers testified or
submitted written declarations Thursday on behalf of Troy Benson, the Santa
Clara County prosecutor charged with misconduct.

Such strong testimonials to Benson's good character from members of the local
legal community could affect Judge Patrice McElroy's decision -- or at least
lead her to recommend a more lenient penalty. The State Bar of California, which
licenses lawyers, wants the judge to strip Benson of his right to practice law
for at least a year, a career-killing punishment.

In a bad sign for Benson, however, his attorney gave up on asking McElroy to
dismiss the charges this week because he said he could tell from her comments
that she was poised to find Benson was culpable for most of the acts the bar
alleges he committed.

Benson is charged with suppressing evidence, failure to comply with laws,
incompetence, moral turpitude and misleading a judge.

The next step in the case is the submission by State Bar prosecutor Manuel
Jimenez and Benson's lawyer Jonathan Arons of their closing arguments in
writing.

McElroy has 90 days after the case is formally submitted to issue a decision. If
she finds Benson committed misconduct, she recommends a punishment to the state
Supreme Court. Benson can appeal to a panel of State Bar Court judges. If the
panel upholds such a misconduct decision, Benson can appeal to the California
Supreme Court.

The 25 or so character witnesses for Benson include retired Judge Jerome Brock,
Judge Griffin Bonini, alternate deputy public defender Jessica Delgado, Gilroy
police detective Michael Bolton and a host of defense attorneys, including James
E. Leininger. They described Benson as one of the most honest, cooperative,
forthcoming, well-prepared and reasonable prosecutors they ever dealt with.

"The allegations against him are totally inconsistent with the ethics of the man
I know," Brock testified.

Follow Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her atTwitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Witnesses testify to San Jose prosecutor's good character in misconduct trial

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 333 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- An illustrious group of judges and lawyers testified or
submitted written declarations Thursday on behalf of Troy Benson, the Santa
Clara County prosecutor charged with misconduct.

Such strong testimonials to Benson's good character from members of the local
legal community could affect Judge Patrice McElroy's decision -- or at least
lead her to recommend a more lenient penalty. The State Bar of California, which
licenses lawyers, wants the judge to strip Benson of his right to practice law
for at least a year, a career-killing punishment.

In a bad sign for Benson, however, his attorney gave up on asking McElroy to
dismiss the charges this week because he said he could tell from her comments
that she was poised to find Benson was culpable for most of the acts the bar
alleges he committed.

Benson is charged with suppressing evidence, failure to comply with laws,
incompetence, moral turpitude and misleading a judge.

The next step in the case is the submission by State Bar prosecutor Manuel
Jimenez and Benson's lawyer Jonathan Arons of their closing arguments in
writing.

McElroy has 90 days after the case is formally submitted to issue a decision. If
she finds Benson committed misconduct, she recommends a punishment to the state
Supreme Court. Benson can appeal to a panel of State Bar Court judges. If the
panel upholds such a misconduct decision, Benson can appeal to the California
Supreme Court.

The 25 or so character witnesses for Benson include retired Judge Jerome Brock,
Judge Griffin Bonini, alternate deputy public defender Jessica Delgado, Gilroy
police detective Michael Bolton and a host of defense attorneys, including James
E. Leininger. They described Benson as one of the most honest, cooperative,
forthcoming, well-prepared and reasonable prosecutors they ever dealt with.

"The allegations against him are totally inconsistent with the ethics of the man
I know," Brock testified.

Follow Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her atTwitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 4, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Mindful of an Officer's Crime, Police Recruits Say They Want to Set a Better
Example

BYLINE: By MARIA NEWMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 778 words


When Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani addressed 811 police recruits yesterday at Queens
College, he never mentioned the name of Francis X. Livoti, a former officer
recently convicted of violating a Bronx man's civil rights. But an awareness of
Mr. Livoti's troubles and of other recent reports of police misconduct was
apparent at yesterday's ceremony.

"All of your reputations rest on one single member of your class or your
department," the Mayor said to the recruits, who are about to enter a six-month
training program in the Police Academy before they begin patrolling the streets.
"It's not fair, but that's the way it is. Honor your badges, because the
reputations of all of you depend on you."

This class, and the one inducted six months ago, has more members of minority
groups, more women, more city residents and more college-educated recruits than
previous classes, police officials said. They attributed the change to policies
adopted by the city after reports of police misconduct and complaints that the
Police Department had too few minority officers and too many officers who were
insensitive to the communities they patrolled.

Some of the recruits said they believed that Mr. Livoti's actions -- and other
allegations of police misconduct -- would taint the department for a long time.

"We hope to change the perception the citizens have of us," said Jessica
Villalona, 25. "We're not going to act like that. A lot of people are paying for
his mistakes, a lot of police officers."

Ms. Villalona, who lives in Manhattan and has an associate's degree in early
childhood education, said her class was part of a change for the better.

"We're more educated," she said, "so we're capable of thinking twice before
taking action. With education comes maturity."
 Police Commissioner Howard Safir pointed out that new requirements for recruits
include 60 hours of college credit or two years of military service. Recruits
must be at least 22 to enter the academy, up from the previous minimum age of
20, and while there they must maintain a grade average of 75 percent, up from 70
percent.

He also said 37 percent of the recruits in this class are members of minority
groups, compared with 27 percent of the overall force; 133 are women and 678
men.

Before the ceremony, Mr. Safir said reports of police misconduct have not kept
the city from recruiting good people. Even after the department raised its
standards and requirements, about 20,000 people took a test in May to qualify
for the academy, he said.

The city's success in reducing the rate of violent crime to its lowest levels in
six years, Mr. Safir said, is the best recruiting tool.

"That's attributable to the 95 percent of the police officers -- those officers
the media never writes about -- who serve the public every day," he said.

In his remarks to the recruits, Mr. Safir emphasized the importance of
understanding the communities within the city, where 130 languages are spoken.

"We'll teach you how to fire your weapons," he said. "We'll show you how to use
handcuffs. We'll also teach you about cultural diversity. We'll teach you how to
relate to people. We'll teach you verbal judo.

"All of that is aimed at one thing.  Not just to reduce crime, but also to learn
how to serve this city better."

Ms. Villalona and her fellow recruits said the higher standards will bring in
more officers year after year with better ethics and relationships with their
communities.

"It'll change the attitudes in the department, to change whatever's wrong in the
whole system," said Erika Guerra, 23, of the Bronx, who has a bachelor's degree
in political science.

Ms. Villalona said having more officers who are from New York City will also
improve community relations, because officers will have more in common with the
citizens they see.

"We encountered the same problems, the same prejudices that they did," she said.

Marilyn Bernardino, 27, who is from Manhattan and has an associate's degree in
human services, agreed. "They can count on us to do something," she said.

Two other recruits, who were waiting for a city bus after the ceremony,
predicted that the department would look different in a few years.

"I don't mean any disrespect to anyone, but if you're not from around here, or
have any kind of standing, how can you really police people who live there?"
said Kevin Grayson, 33, who is from the Bronx and has degrees from Westchester
Community College and Ramapo College in New Jersey. "You can know CPR, but if
you haven't grown up in the same way, how can you know what they've been
through? If you're not from the ghetto, you're not from the ghetto."

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: More than 800 police recruits were sworn in during a ceremony at
Queens College yesterday. Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and Police Commissioner
Howard Safir administered the oath of office to the new class of recruits.
(Nancy Siesel/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      January 14, 2017 Saturday 00:00 EST

Efforts to Curb Police Abuses Have Mixed Record, and Uncertain Future

BYLINE: SHAILA DEWAN and RICHARD A. OPPEL Jr.

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 942 words



HIGHLIGHT: As Chicago agrees to revamp its policing, settlements with police
departments known as consent decrees may face a threat in the Trump
administration.


Looking to the federal government to rein in police excesses can be an exercise
in managed expectations.

On Friday, Chicago agreed to revamp its police department after the Justice
Department found routine use of excessive force, and the mayor said he would
negotiate a court-enforced settlement, known as a consent decree. But that is no
guarantee of results - and not just because the man most likely to be the next
attorney general has said he is skeptical of such endeavors.

Attempts to force change in police departments have met with mixed success even
under the Obama administration, which made police reform a signature issue. It
has opened 25 investigations into law enforcement agencies over issues like
excessive force, racial bias and poor supervision, issuing reports choking with
outrage.

Los Angeles, which was under aconsent decree for 11 years, is regarded as one of
the great success stories. "Los Angeles is a different place today because of
the consent decree and the leadership of the department," said Chuck Wexler, the
executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum, a Washington think
tank. In Detroit, which emerged from a 13-year consent decree last year, officer
shootings and warrantless arrests have declined significantly.

But Pittsburgh, the target of the first consent decree based on a Justice
Department finding of a "pattern and practice" of misconduct, later backslid
after changes in leadership, said Samuel Walker, a criminal justice professor at
the University of Nebraska at Omaha. And while Miami reduced police shootings to
zero for 20 months after a federal investigation in 2002 that was later closed
with no settlement, the Justice Department in 2013 reinvestigated and found a
pattern of excessive force with firearms, underscoring some experts' view that
consent decrees or other settlements are needed for enduring improvements. Last
year, Miami settled the 2013 inquiry by agreeing to improve supervision,
training and internal investigations.

The "pattern and practice" approach developed after the Rodney King beating in
Los Angeles in 1991 forced a period of national introspection over how to curb
misconduct if individual officers could not be held accountable. A jury's
decision not to convict the four officers charged in the attack on Mr. King
incited deadly riots.

Since the early attempts, Mr. Walker said, consent decrees have evolved to be
more sophisticated and comprehensive. "The general pattern is that there is some
backsliding on some issues," he said, "but I don't think there's a case where a
department has completely collapsed back to where it was before."

Still, Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama and the nominee for attorney
general under President-elect Donald J. Trump, called them "dangerous," writing
in 2008 that they "constitute an end run around the democratic process." At his
confirmation hearing this past week, he softened that critique, saying there
were some circumstances that legitimately demanded consent decrees and that
those already in place would be enforced.

But, Mr. Sessions said, lawsuits could unfairly target whole police departments
for the misdeeds of a few bad actors. "These lawsuits undermine the respect for
police officers and create an impression that the entire department is not doing
their work consistent with fidelity to law and fairness," he said.

His critique did not extend to how well consent decrees actually work. But
experts say that even systemic changes, like greater oversight of officers' use
of force, can be slow to yield results.

"They change the 'inputs' through training, record keeping, community
involvement and other internal reforms, but the inputs don't necessarily
translate into changes in 'outputs' including racial disparities, use of force,
or other constitutional issues," wrote Jeff Fagan, a Columbia University law
professor, in an email. "The results have been quite variable."

Consent decrees can span years and many of the Obama administration's key
settlements have just begun, including those in Cleveland and Albuquerque. So it
would be premature to assess their success.

Some reform advocates have expressed fears that the Trump administration will
fail to investigate police departments or enforce consent decrees, robbing them
of what they view as a crucial lever to compel change.

Even some police chiefs might mourn a retreat from consent decrees. Baltimore's
police commissioner, Kevin Davis, has said that a consent decree would aid
community relations. Charles H. Ramsey, who as Washington's police chief invited
the Justice Department to review his department, said, "The DOJ gives legitimacy
to the changes that you're making."

Chiefs may want consent decrees in order to insulate them from political and
union opposition to change, as well as make it easier to demand money to pay for
reforms.

Mr. Sessions wrote in his critique of consent decrees in 2008 that he is aware
of that strategy.

"Such decrees are particularly offensive when certain governmental agencies
secretly delight in being sued because they hope a settlement will be reached
resulting in the agency receiving more money," he wrote. "Thus, the taxpayers
ultimately fund the settlement enacted through this undemocratic process."

PHOTO: Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago spoke about abuses by the city's police
officers and plans for reform at a news conference on Friday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
SCOTT OLSON/GETTY IMAGES)

Related Articles


     ·    Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept. Says
     ·    Obama Races to Overhaul Police in Baltimore and Chicago Before Trump
          Era
     ·    Chicago Ends Year With 762 Killings, the Most in 2 Decades


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                          November 23, 1996, Saturday

FORTS JACKSON, BLISS; Army has sex problems at 2 more sites

BYLINE: L.A. Times News Service

SECTION: Nation/World; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 367 words


WASHINGTON - The Army's sexual harassment scandal continued to expand across the
nation Friday as officials at Fort Jackson, S.C., disclosed two new sexual
misconduct investigations and women employees at Fort Bliss, Texas, filed suit
charging the Army with sex discrimination.

Fort Jackson officials also reported that the base had received reports about 30
alleged incidents of sexual misconduct there over the last year, some 27 of
which have proved to have merit.

In El Paso, 13 current or former civilian employees at nearby Fort Bliss sued
the Army for $ 3.9 million Friday, claiming they were fondled, subjected to
crude sexual remarks, and unfairly passed over for promotions,

The federal class-action suit filed in El Paso complained of years of harassment
and discrimination by military and civilian officials at Fort Bliss.

The report about Fort Jackson did not include any details about the two new
cases there. Officials of the Rape Crisis Network in Columbia, S.C., said they
have been called to Fort Jackson five times in 16 months to investigate charges
of rape. They said three of the incidents involved drill sergeants.

The latest disclosures added to a growing number of incidents being reported at
Army bases across the nation after the Army announced two weeks ago it had
charged a captain and five drill sergeants with misconduct - and in some cases,
rape - of female recruits at Aberdeen, Md.

The developments came as top Army officials formally launched a wide-ranging
review of sexual misconduct in its ranks, including how effectively its senior
chain of command has been carrying out its responsibility to crack down on and
prevent sexual harassment.

In a series of actions, Army Secretary Togo West named a nine-member panel to
look into the problem and recommend ways to overcome deficiencies. The group,
composed of retired officers and senior political appointees, will report back
in May.

At the same time, Mr. West ordered the Army's inspector general to take over a
service-wide investigation of training bases in the wake of sexual misconduct
that has come to light recently at training facilities in Aberdeen and Fort
Leonard Wood.


LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: West (mug shot)

                   Copyright 1996 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.

                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     October 6, 1995, Friday, DAILY EDITION

WORLD NEWS: United States

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 2, WORLD NEWS: United States

LENGTH: 227 words


OPAL DEATH TOLL HITS SIX IN U.S., 10 IN MEXICO

The U.S. death toll from Hurricane Opal rose to six yesterday after a couple in
Alabama, two men in Georgia and another in North Carolina were crushed to death
by trees toppled by the storm, officials said. Another U.S. death occurred
Wednesday, when tornadoes generated by the hurricane's outer winds killed an
elderly resident of a mobile home in Florida. Ten people died in Mexico last
weekend. The storm weakened as it moved north into Alabama, Georgia and
Tennessee.

PROBE SET FOR POLICE MISCONDUCT CHARGES

Attorney General Janet Reno said yesterday the Justice Department's civil rights
unit is investigating allegations of police misconduct raised at the O.J.
Simpson murder trial. ''We would look at specific allegations and take
appropriate action,'' Reno told reporters, commenting on the inquiry that had
been first disclosed five weeks ago. At issue are incidents described in tape
recordings by former Los Angeles detective Mark Fuhrman that were played at the
trial. Simpson was acquitted Tuesday on charges of killing his ex-wife and her
friend. Justice Department spokesman Carl Stern said the investigation sought to
determine whether Los Angeles police officers engaged in a ''pattern or
practice'' of violating the civil rights of blacks and would not focus only on
Fuhrman.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.

                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Navy ship ordered home after 'misconduct';
Review launched after sailors involved in three incidents while docked in San
Diego

BYLINE: Bruce Campion-Smith Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Canada's navy has launched a review of how sailors behave ashore after a warship
was ordered home from a major international exercise following allegations of
misconduct by its crew members during a port visit.

The HMCS Whitehorse was ordered back to Canada after three separate incidents
involving sailors while it was docked in San Diego earlier this month.

Vice-Admiral Mark Norman, head of the Royal Canadian Navy, says he personally
ordered the ship back to its port in British Columbia with "great
disappointment."

And he suggested that the alleged misbehaviour of the sailors was not an
isolated incident for the navy.

"I am troubled that across the (Royal Canadian Navy) a small number of our
personnel have fallen short of the timeless expectations of naval service and
have failed in their roles as ambassadors of their navy and country," Norman
wrote in an internal message obtained by The Canadian Press.

In a statement, the navy said the ship was ordered back to its home port at CFB
Esquimalt, near Victoria, because Norman had "lost confidence in the ship's
ability to meet its current mission due to personal misconduct while in port."

The navy said there was evidence of misconduct "contrary to the Code of Service
Discipline." That includes reports that one sailor was arrested by police in San
Diego.

Commander Hubert Genest, a spokesperson for the navy, said he could not discuss
the incidents because of ongoing investigations.

CBC News reported that the misconduct involved allegations of drunkenness,
shoplifting and sexual misconduct.

HMCS Whitehorse is a coastal defence vessel crewed by 35 to 40 personnel that
includes both regular force sailors and reservists.

The ship's abrupt return to port three weeks earlier than planned cut short its
participation in the Rim of the Pacific exercise, a massive military gathering
involving Pacific nations held every two years. This year's exercise involves 22
nations and 25,000 military personnel.

But Genest said these most recent incidents, along with others involving
sailors, were a "wake-up call" and prompted the firm action by Norman.

"They have been other incidents and now he is saying enough is enough," Genest
said in an interview Tuesday. "This serves as a message on its own to the rest
of the fleet."

"This is a national institution. We have a reputation. Canadians expect us to
behave with the highest standard, especially when we are overseas as ambassadors
of Canada," he said.

Norman says he has accelerated a previously planned review of how sailors
conduct themselves ashore.

"Given recent incidents, and in order to ensure that the navy stays focused on
our mission, I have expedited this process," Norman said in a statement provided
to the Star.

Commodore Craig Baines, commander of the Canadian Fleet, will oversee the
internal view of policies and procedures that govern sailors' conduct when they
go ashore.

"His task will be to ensure that we are doing everything we can to provide clear
expectations and directions for all personnel as it relates to professionalism
and conduct and responsibility ashore, both on and off-duty," Norman said.

Preliminary findings are expected this fall.

Despite the black eye left by the HMCS Whitehorse, Norman said most sailors "set
a high standard of conduct."

"While instances have arisen that have fallen short of these standards, the vast
majority of our personnel serve with distinction and professionalism," he said.

In addition to the navy participation in RIMPAC 2014, aircraft and personnel
from the Royal Canadian Air Force are also taking part, including CF-18
fighters, CP-140 patrol aircraft and CC-150 Polaris transports, which also serve
as refuelling aircraft.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited

                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                National Edition

NHL looks to punish staged fights; Misconduct penalty; 'We are concerned about
the perception of it'

BYLINE: Dave Gross, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 581  words


The National Hockey League's general managers are recommending players involved
in staged fights -- ones that occur immediately after a faceoff -- be handed
extra punishment.

The new rule would add 10-minute misconduct penalties to the combatants, at the
discretion of the officials. The NHL reports that 21.6% of fights this season
fall under the staged classification.

"I think the recommendations the working group [of eight league GMs] made are
very sensible," Toronto's Brian Burke said to NHL.comyesterday as the general
managers' meetings in Naples, Fla., wrapped up. "I think if [the staged fights]
are distasteful to the public than we should slap a misconduct on those guys ...
my prediction [though] is they'll just figure a way to skate around for 30
seconds, then they're still going to fight." "I predict whatever we do here from
a prophylactic standpoint is going to be a waste of time, but let's try it,''
Burke added.

Officials would also have the ability to punish frequent fighters engaged in
what the league calls 'appointment fights,' ones set up between enforcers prior
to the game.

Not surprisingly, fighting dominated the discussion at the meetings, stemming
from the death of Ontario senior league player Don Sanderson during a fight in
January.

NHL senior executive vice-president of hockey operations Colin Campbell says the
perception of hockey took a hit.

"Sometimes the perception isn't really what it is. Fighting has been in our game
for a long time and there are aspects of it that, I think -- call it essential,
call it important -- if it's a way to release anger as two players fight because
they are mad, but when it becomes staged, when it becomes an act, as one GM said
why don't we do it between periods then?

"We are concerned about the perception of it," Campbell told NHL.com.Also
endorsed by the general managers is a more stringent adherence to the league's
instigator rule -- particularly when a fight occurs following a legal bodycheck.
The NHL reports that 20% of fights this season started after a clean hit.

"Clearly when a guy has a hit, he has no intentions of fighting, but he might be
forced to fight. Now he doesn't have to," said Minnesota's Doug Risebrough.

"From a personal standpoint, I'd like to see the officials a little more
aggressive in terms of calling the instigator, especially now where there's
legal hits and players go on right away and come to the defence and there's a
fight, and maybe that should be a more aggressive instigator rule there, and we
call that because legal hits are a big part of our game," added Penguins GM Ray
Shero.

League statistics show that there are 0.6 fights per game this season, as
opposed to approximately 0.4 fights per game in the previous two campaigns.

The recommendations aren't getting glowing reviews from everyone. Montreal
Canadiens' heavyweight Georges Laraque described the GMs' ideas as "the
stupidest thing ever."

"I think it's a joke," he said to TSN.

TSN reports there have been more fighting majors at this point this season than
in all of last season.

The general managers did not render a decision on the issue of players removing
their helmets before or during a fight, but will continue to discuss it.
No-touch icing was also on the agenda, but no decisions were made.

The recommendations coming out of the meetings will go the NHL's competition
committee before being voted on by the board of governor's. If instituted, the
new rules would not come into effect until next season.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Mike Blake, Reuters; If the new rule is instituted, players
participating in a staged fight -- one which occurs immediately after a faceoff
-- will be slapped with a 10-minute misconduct penalty. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           October 20, 2007 Saturday

Allegations are costly, but victims pay price

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 524 words


By Deborah Baker

Associated Press

SANTA FE -- Sexual misconduct by teachers in New Mexico is costly, not only to
taxpayers but also to its young victims.

Ask Terry Pearson, an ex-policeman and ex-magistrate whose granddaughter was
molested in first grade by a substitute teacher.

"It can be devastating. There's no other word for it. It takes your whole world
and it turns it upside down," said the Farmington man.

During the past decade, at least $8.6 million has been paid out for sexual-
misconduct claims in 20 of New Mexico's 89 school districts.

And more claims are in the pipeline. The New Mexico Public Schools Insurance
Authority, which covers every school district but Albuquerque, accounts for $8.1
million of those payouts. But the authority estimates that figure could grow to
as much as $14 million, once pending cases are settled.

Albuquerque Public Schools has paid out about $550,000 over the past decade,
according to an estimate from its Risk Management Department, which couldn't
provide more precise numbers because of a recent switch in computer systems.

And recent incidents -- such as an Albuquerque former substitute teacher accused
of videotaping up the skirt of an elementary-school student -- could lead to yet
more claims. Two parents have filed a civil lawsuit against the district.

"If you're a predator, you want to go where there's prey, meaning schools," said
Santa Fe psychologist Ned Siegel, who evaluates sex offenders and testifies in
court.

Across the country, allegations of sexual misconduct led states to take action
against the licenses of 2,570 educators during 2001-05. That includes licenses
that were revoked, denied and surrendered.

In New Mexico, 14 of the 55 actions against educators' licenses during that
period involved allegations of sexual misconduct, according to the Public
Education Department.

New Mexico's problems have been worsened by a disconnect between school
districts and state officials. Districts until recently were not explicitly
required to tell the Public Education Department about teacher misconduct,
according to Education Secretary Veronica Garcia.

Moreover, some districts signed confidentiality agreements with problem teachers
allowing them to move on to other districts without disclosure of their
misdeeds.

"It's referred to as 'passing the trash,' " said Sammy Quintana, executive
director of New Mexico Public Schools Insurance Authority, which is required by
law to defend such teachers in civil cases.

A law that took effect June 15 attempts to plug those loopholes. Districts must
investigate alleged misconduct by school workers who are fired or quit, and then
report to the Public Education Department, which can suspend or revoke licenses.
Confidentiality agreements are out.

The department has also stopped its longtime practice of waiting until after
criminal convictions to revoke licenses. Now, it's yanking them sooner. "We've
been a lot more aggressive about that, and changed our practice," Garcia said.

The Public Schools Insurance Authority trains school workers about what conduct
is appropriate and how to spot molesters, and encourages them to report
problems.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved

                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             March 11, 2008 Tuesday

State Farm workers fined for misconduct

BYLINE: By Pantagraph staff

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 253 words


BLOOMINGTON - State Farm representatives who cheated on continuing education
requirements were fined and suspended last week, though no local employees were
involved.

The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority disciplined 16 current and former
registered representatives of State Farm VP Management Corp., one entity under
Bloomington-based parent company State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. that
sells mutual funds and variable products.

Some of the company's supervisors directed or allowed subordinates to take a
proficiency test for them or other representatives around September 2005,
according to FINRA.

Three of the supervisors received $10,000 fines and six-month suspensions. Seven
others received $5,000 fines and 60-day suspensions. Six people who completed
the proficiency tests for their superiors received $5,000 fines and 30-day
suspensions.

One person from northern Illinois was involved in the misconduct, a State Farm
spokesman said. Other representatives involved were from Alabama, California,
Texas, Tennessee, Ohio, Oregon and Michigan, FINRA reported.

State Farm reported the misconduct to FINRA after it uncovered test-taking
irregularities in one of its regions and conducted a preliminary investigation.
State Farm then expanded its internal investigation nationwide and provided
FINRA with the findings.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Pantagraph

                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

VILLA SUSPECTED BY JOHN DOE INVESTIGATORS OF MISCONDUCT

BYLINE:  MOLLY BECK, MATTHEW DeFOUR and MARK SOMMERHAUSER  Wisconsin State
Journal

SECTION: LOCAL; On the Capitol; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 796 words


A former aide to Gov. Scott Walker who is now a top University of Wisconsin
official was under investigation for several suspected felonies as part of the
now-closed John Doe investigation into Walker's Milwaukee County executive
office.

No charges were filed against Jim Villa, the UW System's vice president of
university relations. But sworn statements released this week show investigators
sought a search warrant for Villa's home and office. At the time, he was
president of the Commercial Association of Realtors Wisconsin, and he was
previously Walker's chief of staff.

To justify the warrants, investigators wrote that they suspected Villa had
broken several laws, including misconduct in public office and solicitation of
public employees to commit misconduct. They presented evidence of Villa's
involvement in both an alleged bid-rigging scheme and a political action
committee that Walker aide Tim Russell was suspected of doing work for while on
county time.

Russell was convicted of embezzling money from a veterans fund. Kelly
Rindfleisch, a Walker aide convicted of campaigning on taxpayer time, was
staying at Villa's home and previously disclosed that it had been searched. The
records released don't include warrants or the results of any search that was
conducted of Villa's property.

The September 2011 affidavit were previously sealed under a John Doe secrecy
order but were released with the permission of John Doe Judge Neal Nettesheim by
the defendants in a lawsuit brought by Cindy Archer, another former Walker aide
who was also under investigation but never charged.

UW hired Villa in March 2014 from a pool of five candidates at a salary of
$178,000. Villa didn't respond to a request for comment.

G-A-B easy as F-E-C?

Some Assembly Republicans are looking to Washington, D.C., for inspiration to
overhaul Wisconsin's elections and ethics agency, the Government Accountability
Board.

But critics say the model those lawmakers cite, the Federal Election Commission,
is not one of effective campaign oversight.

Rather, they say, it's one of gridlock and dysfunction.

"It's like setting up a disaster-relief agency and saying you're going to use
the FEMA handling of Hurricane Katrina as your model," said Larry Noble, former
general counsel to the Federal Election Commission. Noble now is senior counsel
at pro-regulation advocacy group, the Campaign Legal Center.

Assembly Republicans such as Rep. Joe Sanfelippo say they're looking to the
commission, or FEC, as a model for overhauling Wisconsin's Government
Accountability Board, or GAB. Republicans who control the Legislature have said
for months that a major shakeup of the GAB is in the offing but haven't yet
unveiled their proposal to do so.

Sanfelippo, R-New Berlin, and other Assembly Republicans ? including Rep. Dean
Knudson, R-Hudson, named by Assembly Speaker Robin Vos as the lawmaker who will
shepherd a GAB overhaul bill ? want to change the GAB to have the same structure
as the FEC. The federal commission has six members: three Democrats and three
Republicans.

The GAB is nonpartisan, made up of six former judges appointed by the governor
and confirmed by the state Senate.

But Republicans such as Knudson and Sanfelippo say the board's nonpartisan label
is a farce. They say it's biased toward Democrats, citing examples such as the
board's assistance to county prosecutors in the John Doe investigation of
alleged coordination between Walker's gubernatorial campaign and conservative
outside groups in the 2012 recall election.

That investigation was ended by the state Supreme Court in July.

Sanfelippo, writing in a recent op-ed that ran in the State Journal and other
outlets, said shifting the GAB to an FEC model would "encourage greater
accountability and professionalism."

"If it works for the Federal Election Commission, there's no reason it won't for
Wisconsin as well," Sanfelippo wrote.

Call him ?Harley'

Walker didn't impress many pundits during the second presidential debate, but
the home audience certainly appreciated his touting of a Wisconsin brand as his
would-be Secret Service code name.

"Harley," Walker said when asked the lighthearted question at the end of the
more than three-hour debate. "I love riding Harleys."

Other examples included Rand Paul's "Justice Never Sleeps," Donald Trump's
"Humble," and Chris Christie's "True Heart," which is also the name of a Care
Bear.

The company behind those cute, cuddly 1980s toys told TMZ Christie and True
Heart are both "kind, affectionate, attentive and obviously, very huggable!"

A Harley-Davidson spokeswoman said in response to Walker's nickname, "Walker has
made no secret of the fact that he's passionate about our brand," but the
company has no official relationship with Walker and remains neutral in
political campaigns.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Your Views

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 453 words


Backward, ridiculousRegarding "Some question Oklahoma Corrections Department use
of early-release credits" (Oklahoma Watch, Dec. 14): This is the most backward
and ridiculous policy change imaginable. First, an inmate with a history of
disregard, disrespect and violence inside prison is certainly no candidate for
society's rules and behavior expectations outside those walls.

He's endangering society further with this approach.Also of concern is the death
blow this change has dealt to morale inside the correctional
facilities.Thousands of nonviolent offenders exist in the system with no need
for restored credits for misconducts. My fiance has 12 years without a single
misconduct. He and others watch with incredulity as inmates with horrible
histories of misconduct are given their credits back and fast-tracked to
freedom. It defies logic. The state releases them while aging, nonviolent,
well-behaved inmates remain incarcerated!Corrections Director Robert Patton is
misguided in his decisions for dealing with the 110 percent overcrowding and the
jail backups. Someone needs to stop him and find a way to do it right. Let the
parole board do its job, and let the commutation appeals from these decent men
and women who've done amazing amounts of time just be heard. Release those
deserving of release!Susan Denis, Tucson, Ariz.Renewing our awarenessCities and
towns must strive to ensure that police forces reflect the cultural identity of
the communities served. Cultural differences are a major factor in the recent
rash of police encounters resulting in death. Even though giant steps were made
because of the Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and 1968, it appears that we're taking
broad steps backward to the days of blatant and brutal racism.We all want to
believe that America has succeeded in bridging the gap in racial relations.
Sadly, racism still exists and is tolerated. Legislated opportunities in the
jobs sector and housing have lulled society into believing that equality and
justice for all is the norm. It's now apparent to the world, thanks to global
media outlets, that there is still work to be done.Training is needed for the
police force and the community. Young people today lack respect for others and
authority. Although it's true that some police officers are misusing authority,
many deaths could be avoided if only the victims had complied with an officer's
commands. Just doing what's asked could mean being able to go home alive.Society
can easily be blamed for this disconnect between the community and authority.
Renewing our awareness of where we came from, and encouraging diversity, could
go a long way in achieving understanding. Lives are at stake!Vanessa Tyce
Harris, Midwest City

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             January 7, 1980 Monday

Chicago 3,   Vancouver 1

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: Chicago IL


Goals by Terry Ruskowski, Ted Bulley and Grant Mulvey, backed by
 near-perfect goaltending by Tony Esposito, lifted Chicago Black Hawks to
 a 3-1 victory over Vancouver Canucks at Chicago.

Esposito lost his bid for his 73rd career shutout when Vancouver's
 Chris Oddleifson kicked the puck into the net at 6:59 of the second
 period while Chicago defenceman Doug Wilson held his stick. Referee Dave
 Newell allowed the goal.

Esposito made a number of spectacular saves, including two on Denis
 Kerns and stopped close-in shots by Rickey Vaide and Billy Derlago.
                           Chicago 3, Vancouver 1
                                 AT CHICAGO
                                First Period
  1. Chicago, Ruskowski 10th (Mulvey) 4:19.
    2. Chicago, Bulley 8th (Kerr, Bordeleau) 10:23.
 Penalty - Lindgren (V) 2:10.
                               Second Period
  3. Vancouver, Oddleifson 7th (Manery, Snepsts) 6:19.
    4. Chicago, Mulvey 21th (Wilson, Murray) 12:11.

Penalties - Ruskowski (C) triple minor, major, game misconduct, Smyl
 (V), Prescott (C) minors, majors, misconducts, game misconducts, Gillis
 (V) minor, major, game misconduct 5:37; Lever (V) misconduct 6:48; Hanlon
 (V) (served by Vaive) 10:40; Lever (V) misconduct, McCarthy (V) 11:56.
                                Third Period
  Scoring - None.

Penalties - McCarthy (V), Bulley (C) majors, Hughes (V) misconduct;
 Kerr (C) 1:53; Ribble (C) 5:29.
                               Shots on goal
 Vancouver                                                     9 16 13 - 38
 Chicago                                                      15 16 10 - 41
  Goaltenders - Vancouver, Hanlon; Chicago, Esposito.
 Attendance - 13,852.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     June 20, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Critics seek crackdown on science cheaters

BYLINE: MARIAN UHLMAN; KNIGHT-RIDDER NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: CAREERS AND EDUCATION; Pg. I8

LENGTH: 1244 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


A pathology professor at the University of Southern California lifted the text
from another researcher's grant application. At Dartmouth College, a psychology
graduate student admitted misrepresenting data on tests involving animals. And a
research-program co-ordinator at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine
got into trouble by fabricating interviews with cancer patients.

About 15 medical researchers a year are found by the U.S. federal Office of
Research Integrity, or ORI, to have committed scientific misconduct - a finding
that can strip researchers of federal funds and bar them from serving on
government boards.

But some question whether that number accurately reflects the degree of
scientific misconduct in the United States that goes on in medical research,
given that hundreds of allegations of cheating and falsifying are made each
year. Some allegations are groundless, but critics say that many legitimate
cases never emerge from their institutions and that ignoring them damages the
scientific process and wastes tax-funded research dollars.

"It is a serious issue," said Robert L. Sprague, a professor of psychology,
special education and community health at the University of Illinois and a
national expert on scientific misconduct. "Often, things are not adjudicated
fairly, justly, thoroughly, in an unbiased way."

ORI, a branch of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services responsible
for overseeing the truthfulness of taxpayer-supported medical research, is now
reviewing a case from Thomas Jefferson University, where allegations of
scientific misconduct involving a high-profile AIDS-research project have been
raised.

After learning about the allegations, Jefferson launched an internal probe that
identified serious problems in the research, but the problems did not amount to
scientific misconduct, according to the Jefferson investigators.

Under ORI policy, misconduct is reserved for serious breaches in scientific
behaviour. The evidence must show that a researcher fabricated, falsified or
plagiarized research. Moreover, the fraud must be found to have been a
"deliberate" act - not an "accident or error."

"For many people in the scientific community, a public finding of scientific
misconduct is equivalent to the death penalty," said Chris Pascal, ORI's acting
director. "They consider it an extremely serious sanction that can ruin a career
for life."

The restrictive definition is one reason that relatively few researchers are
found to have engaged in scientific misconduct, according to some observers.
Another reason, they say, is the investigation process. Research institutions,
under ORI guidelines, are responsible for policing the integrity of their
scientific work. Such an arrangement, critics say, can be tricky because a
finding of misconduct can harm colleagues' careers, damage the institution's
reputation, and jeopardize government funding. "No one likes to deal with
misconduct. Everyone likes to define it so whatever is in front of you is not
misconduct," said Dr. John Bailar, chairman of health studies at the University
of Chicago and an advocate of expanding the term's definition.

ORI's definition of scientific misconduct has been a source of controversy. Many
scientists want it tightly drawn so that inadvertent mistakes do not balloon
into career-threatening incidents. Other observers worry that the definition
excludes offenses that should be covered. Bailar, for instance, is concerned
that scientists might repeat experiments until they get the desired answer or
might neglect to disclose problems in data or analysis.

Plagiarism is another issue. ORI excludes many authorship disputes between
collaborators. These cases do not fall under ORI's definition because joint
contribution implies joint ownership, Pascal said. Others say plagiarism is a
problem in science and should be dealt with more forcefully.

"If it is accepted that one can take credit for the work of another, it erodes
the integrity of the system," said C.K. Gunsalus, associate provost at the
University of Illinois, who has served on several national groups examining
scientific misconduct.

Jefferson opened its investigation after a former researcher cast doubt on the
premise of a gene-therapy project. He singled out Lingxun Duan, a rising star in
the AIDS lab who headed the project. The therapy was built around a gene
designed to produce antibodies that would kill an essential protein of the AIDS
virus. Without the protein, the AIDS virus cannot reproduce.

The allegations questioned whether the gene was what Jefferson researchers
purported it to be. The internal probe concluded that it was "very questionable"
that the gene worked as reported. Investigators described the research as
fraught with "sloppy" science. The committee recommended that Duan be fired for
careless science and misleading testimony. They cleared him of scientific
misconduct, because they found no "direct evidence" that he had wilfully
falsified data. Duan stands by his work, saying the science will ultimately
vindicate him.

The ORI has 10 people on its staff of 37 who review cases like Jefferson's. They
often wade through thousands of pages of documents on each case to determine
whether the conclusions are appropriate. (The National Science Foundation, the
Veterans Administration, the Department of Agriculture, and other agencies also
have systems for reviewing misconduct allegations.)

Cases typically become public only when ORI renders a decision of scientific
misconduct. A defendant can appeal the ruling. The confidential nature of such
cases has led ORI to decline to confirm or deny whether it is reviewing the
Jefferson case.

The policing of scientific misconduct has come a long way since the early 1980s,
when government and research institutions had few policies and resources to deal
with the problem. A series of highly publicized cases, including one involving
the discovery of the AIDS virus, spurred reform.

ORI now requires research institutions to develop and adhere to a misconduct
policy if they want to receive public-health money. Jefferson officials said
they implemented their first such policy in 1992. "We look at it as being an
agent for the federal government," said Alan Kelly, university counsel for
Jefferson. "And you have a tremendous amount of oversight by ORI."

In Jefferson's recent case, Kelly said, an enormous amount of work went into
examining the misconduct allegations. The university had two committees evaluate
them, and the committees heard from more than a dozen witnesses, looked over
documents and scientists' notebooks, and ordered lab tests.

Jefferson's policy is not much different from those of other research
institutions.

"When the process first started, many institutions were reluctant to put in a
good effort," Pascal said. "(Today) most of the institutions are trying to do a
reasonable job."

But, critics say, it is daunting for anyone inside a research institution to
come forward and allege misconduct against a colleague. There is a fear of
reprisals, despite new laws aimed at protecting whistle-blowers. "No one teaches
you how to have a professional dispute and survive it," Gunsalus said.

Once the cases are adjudicated, junior researchers are about twice as likely as
their bosses to be found responsible for committing scientific misconduct,
according to ORI statistics.


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                              SUN REGIONAL Edition

Former marshal pleads guilty to misconduct

BYLINE: Jesse Paul

SECTION: DTW; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 283 words


The former marshal of a small, southwestern Colorado town who resigned late last
year pleaded guilty Thursday to official misconduct.

Court records show John L. Cox was also sentenced by a Montezuma County judge to
six months of probation in the case.

Cox was the top law enforcement officer in Mancos until November, when he
resigned following an arrest for driving under the influence. Days later, he was
charged in a separate case with perjury, false reporting and a computer crime.

Prosecutors said Cox falsified a speeding ticket, used a computer system without
authorization and abused his power as a law officer.

Cox was investigated by the Colorado Bureau of Investigation, and officials say
his alleged crimes while working as the Mancos marshal spanned Aug. 1 to
October.

He was charged with six counts in the case, including the official misconduct
charge a petty offense that he admitted to.

William Furse, 22nd Judicial District attorney, said Friday that as part of
Cox's plea, he was ordered to pay $224 restitution to a woman who authorities
say he falsely ticketed for speeding in a school zone. That fee represents the
cost of her ticket.

Cox was also ordered to write a letter of apology to the town of Mancos, Furse
said.

Cox served as the town's marshal for roughly two years. He worked as an officer
in Indiana before being appointed in Mancos.

The DUI arrest came Nov. 10 in La Plata County, six days after he was placed on
leave from being town marshal. He pleaded guilty in the DUI case this month.

Cox resigned as marshal on Nov. 16.

Mancos is a Montezuma County town of about 1,400, northwest of Durango and near
Four Corners.

Jesse Paul: 303 954 1733, jpaul@denverpost.com or @JesseAPaul

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John L. Cox was the marshal of Mancos for two years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Lincolnshire Echo

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 283  words


A surgeon accused of carrying out a breast examination on a female medical
student in her bedroom   has had his suspension ended early.

Dr Alaa Abdel-Rahman, who works at the Pilgrim Hospital in Boston, faced a
medical tribunal relating to alleged misconduct in May 2013, when he was a locum
consultant in breast surgery.

He was suspended for three months following a hearing earlier this year. This
was ended two weeks early following a second hearing.

A statement following the outcome said: "The tribunal is mindful that there is
no evidence that you are anything other than a competent breast surgeon and
that, prior to the finding of misconduct, you have had an unblemished career.

"It has borne in mind that it should not restrict the registration of an
otherwise competent doctor for any longer than is necessary, whilst marking
appropriately the seriousness of his misconduct."

The surgeon was said to have carried out a breast examination on the woman in
the bedroom of her flat after he invited himself around for lunch.

During the lesson, he had also wanted her to examine his abdomen.

A tribunal in Manchester found allegations proven that he asked the woman to
undress her upper body, told her "to be professional and not to be shy" despite
her feeling uncomfortable, and he failed to leave the room as she undressed when
she asked him to.

A fourth allegation was also proved - that he was not fully clothed when he
examined the woman, having stripped to a vest because the plan was for her to
examine his stomach first.

But the Medical Practitioners' Tribunal in Manchester did not find his conduct
was sexually motivated, rather that his approach to colleagues of all grades was
over-familiarity.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                      July 2, 2003 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

MISTRIAL IS DENIED IN THE CASE OF THE RIDERS;
DEFENDING LAWYERS FILE MOTIONS ABOUT ALLEGED JUROR MISCONDUCT, BUT THE JUDGE
ONLY GIVES WARNING

BYLINE: BRIAN ANDERSON, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 696 words

DATELINE: OAKLAND


OAKLAND An Alameda County judge Tuesday rejected a motion from lawyers for three
former Oakland police officers accused of criminal wrongdoing to declare a
mistrial amid allegations of juror misconduct.

In a brief hearing after a day of legal twists and turns, Judge Leo Dorado told
the panel to return Monday to continue deliberations. He warned jurors to
refrain from name-calling, rudeness and antisocial behavior and to deliberate
with mutual respect, a caution that defense lawyers declined to link to their
misconduct charges.

Last week, after 16 days of deliberating the fate of fired officers Clarence
"Chuck" Mabanag, 37, Jude Siapno, 34, and Matthew Hornung, 31, the jury
delivered a note to Judge Vern Nakahara, who was standing in for Dorado. The
contents of the note have not been revealed and were quickly sealed, but defense
lawyers immediately made a motion for mistrial and asked Nakahara to talk to
jurors.

Nakahara denied the request, deciding instead to wait until Dorado could take up
the issue Tuesday.

Citing concerns over the secrecy of discussions between jurors, Dorado barred
reporters and members of the public from the courtroom as a prosecutor and
lawyers for the men known as the "Riders" worked through the matter.

Dorado could have granted the mistrial, which would have forced prosecutors to
decide if they'd seek another trial. Or he could have decided to replace a juror
or jurors with alternates and order that deliberations begin anew.

Trying the case again would have been a monumental task, given that the current
trial began in September and is widely believed to be the longest-running in
Alameda County history.

Mabanag, Siapno and Hornung collectively face 26 felony and misdemeanor charges
accusing them of beating suspects, lying in police reports and conspiracy, among
other things.

The men, along with a fourth officer, were fired after rookie Keith Batt, now
with the Pleasanton police, told his superiors the four had acted illegally
during a two-week period working the tough streets of West Oakland two years
ago.

Lawyers spent Tuesday behind closed doors determining how to handle the matter,
a hearing that unfairly kept reporters from witnessing the proceedings first
hand, said lawyers for Associated Press, the Times and three other newspapers.

Dorado "does not want the proceeding open to the public because he thinks it
will chill the deliberations process even though there are alternatives we have
heard," said lawyer Mary Duffy Carolan. "It was done without an opportunity or
an adequate notice to be heard and without, in our view, fulfilling the
procedural and substantive requirements for closure of a proceeding and
therefore we think it's unconstitutional."

But late Tuesday afternoon, Dorado allowed waiting reporters into court where he
announced his decision denying the motion. He told jurors the incident should
not factor into their deliberations.

San Francisco attorney Karl Olson, who represents the Times, Recorder,
Sacramento Bee and San Francisco Chronicle, said an appeal of the judge's
decision could come as early as today.

While Dorado's decision was made public, he barred the release of a transcript
of the proceeding, an exceptional move that would be the focus of the appeal,
Olson said.

"We believe he was wrong and is still wrong and we should have access to the
transcripts," Olson said, adding that the judge could reconsider his decision
keeping the transcripts confidential. Additionally, he said, newspaper lawyers
might fight to have the note disclosed.

Pleasant Hill attorney Michael Rains, who represents Mabanag, said he respected
Dorado's decision to deny the motion for mistrial.

"We saw in that communication something that required the court's attention and
required us to make this motion," Rains said outside the courtroom. "It was a
serious motion, it was a necessary motion."

Prosecutor David Hollister said he's confident jurors will be able to reach a
decision. "I had and have complete faith in the jury system in every case,
especially this one," Hollister said.

Reach Brian Anderson at 510-763-5418 or banderson2@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, media attorney Duffy Carolan. (Dan Honda, Times)

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Valley Times

                      July 2, 2003 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

MISTRIAL IS DENIED IN CASE OF THE RIDERS;
DEFENDANTS' LAWYERS FILE MOTIONS ABOUT ALLEGED JUROR MISCONDUCT, BUT THE JUDGE
ONLY GIVES WARNING

BYLINE: BRIAN ANDERSON,, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 699 words

DATELINE: OAKLAND


OAKLAND - An Alameda County judge Tuesday rejected a motion from lawyers for
three former Oakland police officers accused of criminal wrongdoing to declare a
mistrial amid allegations of juror misconduct.

In a brief hearing after a day of legal twists and turns, Judge Leo Dorado told
the panel to return Monday to continue deliberations. He also warned jurors to
refrain from name calling, rudeness and antisocial behavior and to deliberate
with mutual respect, a caution that defense lawyers declined to link to their
misconduct charges.

Last week, after 16 days of deliberating the fate of fired officers Clarence
"Chuck" Mabanag, 37, Jude Siapno,34, and Matthew Hornung, 31, the jury delivered
a note to Judge Vern Nakahara, who was standing in for Dorado. The contents of
the note have not been revealed and were quickly sealed, but defense lawyers
immediately made a motion for mistrial and asked Nakahara to talk to jurors.

Nakahara denied the request, deciding instead to wait until Dorado could take up
the issue Tuesday.

Citing concerns over the secrecy of discussions between jurors, Dorado barred
reporters and members of the public from the courtroom as a prosecutor and
lawyers for the men known as the "Riders" worked through the matter.

Dorado could have granted the mistrial, which would have forced prosecutors to
decide whether to launch another trial. Or he could have decided to replace a
juror or jurors with alternates and order that deliberations begin anew.

Trying the case again would have been a monumental task, given that the current
trial began in September and is widely believed to be the longest-running in
Alameda County history.

Mabanag, Siapno and Hornung collectively face 26 felony and misdemeanor charges
accusing them of beating suspects, lying in police reports and conspiracy, among
other things.

The men, along with a fourth officer, were fired after rookie Keith Batt, now
with the Pleasanton police, told his superiors the four had acted illegally
during a two-week period working the tough streets of West Oakland two years
ago.

Lawyers spent Tuesday behind closed doors determining how to handle the matter,
a hearing that unfairly kept reporters from witnessing the proceedings first
hand, said lawyers for the Associated Press, the Times and three other
newspapers.

"(Dorado) does not want the proceeding open to the public because he thinks it
will chill the deliberations process even though there are alternatives we have
heard," said lawyer Mary Duffy Carolan. "It was done without an opportunity or
an adequate notice to be heard and without, in our view, fulfilling the
procedural and substantive requirements for closure of a proceeding and
therefore we think it's unconstitutional."

But late Tuesday afternoon, Dorado allowed waiting reporters into court where he
announced his decision denying the motion. He told jurors the incident should
not factor into their deliberations.

San Francisco attorney Karl Olson, who represents the Times, Recorder,
Sacramento Bee and San Francisco Chronicle, said an appeal of the judge's
decision could come as early as today.

While Dorado's decision was made public, he barred the release of a transcript
of the proceeding, an exceptional move that would be the focus of the appeal,
Olson said.

"We believe he was wrong and is still wrong and we should have access to the
transcripts," Olson said, adding that the judge could reconsider his decision
keeping the transcripts confidential. Additionally, he said, newspaper lawyers
might fight to have the note disclosed.

Pleasant Hill attorney Michael Rains, who represents Mabanag, said he respected
Dorado's decision to deny the motion for mistrial.

"We saw in that communication something that required the court's attention and
required us to make this motion," Rains said outside the courtroom. "It was a
serious motion, it was a necessary motion."

Prosecutor David Hollister said he's confident jurors will be able to reach a
decision. "I had and have complete faith in the jury system in every case,
especially this one," Hollister said.

Reach Brian Anderson at 510-763-5418 or banderson2@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo-Michael Rains (Dan Honda, Times)

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 17, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

20 in Precinct Accused of Sex With Prostitutes

BYLINE: By AMY WALDMAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 971 words


Nineteen police officers and one sergeant working in the Midtown South Precinct
face disciplinary action after being accused of having sex with prostitutes
while on the job, Police Commissioner Howard Safir said last night. In addition,
the top two commanders and another high ranking officer in the precinct are
being transferred to other jobs because of what Mr. Safir called a "breakdown of
supervision."

Mr. Safir said that investigators believe that the liaisons with the prostitutes
occurred during the day shift in a brothel, somewhere within the precinct
boundaries. The precinct stretches from Lexington to Eighth Avenues, and from
29th Street to 45th Street.

The officers, he said, would disappear from the job for extended stretches of
time. He said they were still investigating whether there were any monetary
arrangements between the officers and the prostitutes, and he declined to
specify how often the officers were seeing the prostitutes.

The commissioner also suggested that the misconduct had been a dubious tradition
of sorts at Midtown South. He said officials apparently were frequenting
prostitutes for as long as a decade. "Our investigation thus far indicates that
a pattern of similar misconduct by other officers may date back 10 years," he
said.

He added: "We believe that the active members being scrutinized have been using
an apartment as a hangout commonly referred to in police jargon as a coop, when
in fact they should have been on patrol," he said.

Mr. Safir said the disciplinary moves followed an investigation of a year and a
half by the Internal Affairs Bureau. The inquiry began after Internal Affairs
investigators apparently found out about the alleged misconduct by questioning
prostitutes after they were arrested.

Four of the officers under investigation were placed on modified duty last week:
Stephen Buscarino, 34, a 12-year veteran; James Trout, 34, a 7-year veteran,
Lawrence Levine, 36, a 13-year veteran, and James Gombach, 37, a 14-year
veteran. He said the department is in the process of placing the others on
modified duty. Officers on modified duty are still paid, but work desk jobs.
Their guns and shields are taken by the department while Internal Affairs
officers continue to investigate the case.

Commanding Officer Joseph McKeever is to be transferred, Mr. Safir said, along
with the precinct's executive officer, Capt. Robert King, and Lieut. Richard
Kiernan. Captain King is the No. 2 officer in the precinct. Mr. Safir said the
transfers were necessary to "maintain confidence in our integrity."

Asked to characterize the records of the officers under scrutiny, Mr. Safir
said, "The best way I can describe the record of most of these officers is
unremarkable." He said he did not believe the police officers were receiving
protection money from the brothel. "It appears that the majority of these
officers were involved in this strictly for the sexual acts," he said.

A police spokesman, Dennis Laffin, said it was possible that the officers would
lose their jobs as a result of the sexual misconduct, and that criminal charges
were also a possibility. "It all depends on where the investigation takes us,"
he said.

The disclosures of sexual misconduct comes, paradoxically, at a time when Mayor
Rudolph W. Giuliani has made a concerted effort to remove sex-oriented business
from parts of Manhattan, particular several areas covered by the Midtown South
precinct, including part of the city's most infamous red-light district, Times
Square.

Curt Ritter, a spokesman for Mr. Giuliani, said, "The Mayor commends
Commissioner Safir and the N.Y.P.D. for uncovering these allegations of
corruption and misconduct and for conducting a professional and thorough
investigation."

After the press conference, Mr.  Safir spoke to the midnight tour at the
precinct, according to Deputy Commissioner Marilyn Mode. He said that while the
investigation was continuing to see if others were involved, so far it appeared
to be confined to those already identified by the department.

The investigation was conducted under a new intelligence operation, begun a year
ago, known as EDIT - for Enforcement, Debriefing, Intelligence and Testing.

"This investigation will continue wherever it leads," Mr. Safir said. "I want to
take this opportunity to reaffirm my personal resolve to root out corruption. My
message could not be clearer: police officers who violate their solemn oath of
office will be vigorously and relentlessly pursued."

The disclosures about the Midtown South precinct are only the latest in a series
of corruption scandals to shake up individual police precincts, many of them
involving drugs and brutality.

The 30th Precinct had long been plagued by complaints that police were shaking
down arms and drug dealers and selling the booty they confiscated. The case was
broken in 1994, when three officers were videotaped breaking into an apartment,
beating up the occupant and stealing cash. Thirty-three officers, who were
involved in one way or another in 2,000 prosecutions, were convicted, many for
perjury.

The precinct, located at 151st Street and Amsterdam Avenue, was the center of a
scandal that included tales of officers strong-arming drug dealers, raiding
homes illegally and selling cocaine.

In the East New York sections of Brooklyn, the 75th Precinct was the focus of a
corruption scandal involving Officer Michael Dowd, who admitted running a drug
ring from the station house between 1986 and 1992 and accepting tens of thousand
of dollars in payoffs from dealers. In court testimony and statements made
before a special commission on police corruption, Mr. Dowd said he and five
other officers had frequently stolen cocaine, guns and cash from drug dealers,
then sold the narcotics themselves on Long Island.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Police Commissioner Howard Safir at a news conference last
night. (Associated Press)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 25, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Dropped Charges Don't Hide Police Misconduct;
Public Trust Is Lost

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 94 words



To the Editor:

Police brutality can take a variety of forms. It can range from the extreme and
overt examples depicted in your Nov. 19 front-page article to more subtle ones,
as when I was arbitrarily stopped for a drug search last year in Louisiana
because I fit a "courier profile."

I did not challenge the officer's authority. However, the incident left a bitter
taste. As you note, "immeasurable capital in public trust" is diminished when
ordinary citizens feel the police are abusing their authority.

KAYHAN PARSI
Chicago, Nov. 19, 1997

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Justice Dept. blast police; Report finds Chicago police department has violated
rights of residents for years

BYLINE: Michael Tarm And Don Babwin, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 845  words


Chicago police have violated the constitutional rights of residents for years,
permitting racial bias against blacks, using excessive force and shooting people
who did not pose immediate threats, the Justice Department announced Friday
after a yearlong investigation.

Officers endangered civilians, caused avoidable injuries and deaths and eroded
community trust that is "the cornerstone of public safety," said Vanita Gupta,
head of the Justice Department's civil rights division.

The federal report blamed "systemic deficiencies" within the department and the
city, including insufficient training and a failure to hold bad officers
accountable for misconduct.

The Justice Department began investigating the nation's thirdlargest police
force in December 2015 after the release of dashcam video showing a white
officer shooting a black teenager named Laquan McDonald, who was hit 16 times as
he walked away from police holding a small folded knife. The video of the 2014
shooting, which the city fought to keep secret, sparked large protests and cost
the city's police commissioner his job.

The federal government's recommendations follow an especially bloody year on
Chicago streets. The city logged 762 homicides in 2016, the highest tally in 20
years and more than the combined total of the two largest U.S. cities - New York
and Los Angeles.

Mayor Rahm Emanuel said the results of the investigation were "sobering" and
pledged to make changes beyond those already adopted. Federal authorities and
city officials have signed an agreement that offers a broad outline for reform,
including commitments to improved transparency, training and accountability for
bad officers. The Justice Department and the city will negotiate a final
settlement to be enforced by the courts.

U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said the report lays "the groundwork for the
difficult but necessary work of building a stronger, safer, and more united
Chicago for all who call it home."

Chicago has spent more than half a billion dollars to settle claims of police
misconduct since 2004, but police did not conduct disciplinary investigations in
half of those cases, according to the federal report. Of 409 police shootings
that happened over a five-year period, police found only two were unjustified.

The Justice Department criticized the city for setting up barriers to getting to
the bottom of police misconduct, including provisions in union agreements, a
failure to investigate anonymous complaints or those submitted without a
supporting affidavit and a "pervasive coverup culture."

It said that witnesses and accused officers were frequently never interviewed at
all, that evidence went uncollected and that witnesses were routinely coached by
union lawyers - "a dynamic neither we nor our law enforcement experts had seen
to nearly such an extent in other agencies."

"The procedures surrounding investigations allow for ample opportunity for
collusion among officers and are devoid of any rules prohibiting such
co-ordination," the report said.

Police used stun guns on people for no other reason than they did not obey
officers' verbal commands, Gupta said, and investigations into misconduct are
"glacially slow," with discipline often "unpredictable and ineffective."

She also said officers do not get enough support to help them deal with the
trauma of their jobs.

Under President Barack Obama, the Justice Department has conducted 25 civil
rights investigations of police departments, including in Cleveland, Baltimore
and Seattle.

The perception that Emanuel mishandled the McDonald shooting hurt the former
Obama chief of staff politically. The mayor said Friday that the city has
already made some of the recommended changes, citing de-escalation training and
stricter use-of-force polices.

Emanuel also addressed the Justice Department's concern that officers do not
have nearly enough supervision. He pointed to his decision to increase the
number of lieutenants and other supervisors.

In assembling the 161-page report, investigators reviewed more than 170
shootings involving officers and more the 425 examples of less lethal force.
They also spoke with more than 340 officers and accompanied some on patrol,
according to the report.

The Chicago department, with 12,000 officers, has long had a reputation for
brutality, particularly in minority communities. The most notorious example was
Jon Burge, a commander of a detective unit on the South Side. Burge and his men
beat, suffocated and used electric shock for decades starting in the 1970s to
get black men to confess to crimes they did not commit.

The McDonald video, which showed officer Jason Van Dyke continuing to shoot the
teen even after he slumped to the ground, provoked widespread outrage. It was
not until the day the video was released, which was more than a year after the
shooting, that Van Dyke was charged with murder. He has pleaded not guilty.
Police reports of the shooting later suggested a possible coverup by other
officers who were at the scene. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scott Olson, Getty Images; Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson,
left, listens as U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch speaks at a press
conference on Friday in Chicago, Ill.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved

                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

Professional Responsibility -- public reprimand

BYLINE: WISCONSIN LAW JOURNAL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 167  words


Wisconsin Supreme Court

Civil

Professional Responsibility -- public reprimand

Where attorney Amoun Vang Sayaovong committed seven acts of misconduct, a public
reprimand is appropriate.

"We agree with the referee that the allegations in the OLR's complaint have been
established and that Attorney Sayaovong engaged in the seven counts of
misconduct alleged in the complaint. We further agree that a public reprimand is
an appropriate sanction for Attorney Sayaovong's misconduct, and we agree that
he should pay the full costs of the proceeding. Finally, we agree that Attorney
Sayaovong should be ordered to make restitution of $2,000 to Y.Y. 's heirs and
should be ordered to make restitution of $2,000 to L.Y. "

2013AP1485-D OLR v. Sayaovong

Per curiam.

Attorneys: For Complainant: Hendrix, Jonathan E., Madison; For Respondent:
Sayaovong, Amoun Vang, Saint Paul, Minn.

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 11, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Errors Found but No Misconduct in Study on Lead

BYLINE: By PHILIP J. HILTS,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 22;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 10


The scientist who first demonstrated that low levels of lead exposure might
cause mental impairment in children has been cleared of misconduct in his
research by Federal investigators. But they said his work contained numerous
errors and misstatements.

The Office of Research Integrity, which reviews cases of possible misconduct in
research for the Department of Health and Human Services, said in letters dated
March 3 that the errors and misstatement did not necessarily alter the
conclusion of the influential 1979 paper.

The paper, by Dr. Herbert Needleman of the University of Pittsburgh, concluded
that in 270 children high levels of lead found in teeth corresponded to slightly
lower scores on intelligence tests. Since that first study, numerous others have
found similar, very slight changes in mental performance caused by lead
exposure.

Dr. Needleman's paper was important in getting lead removed from gasoline and in
the current Government policy to encourage the removal of lead paint from houses
and schools.

Dr. Needleman said in a telephone interview on Wednesday that he was pleased
with the Federal report "because they found that on every allegation there was
no misconduct." He added: "This is the fourth committee that has come to that
same conclusion. I think the case is closed."

Flaws Are Cited

Dr. Needleman said that there were errors in the paper, but that they did not
bias the data toward the conclusion that lead could cause mental impairment.

For example, the research integrity office found that his sample of 270 children
was not representative of the population as a whole and that methods he used to
put the children in low-, middle- and high-lead categories were unacceptable and
misleading.

Dr. Lyle Bivens, director of the Office of Research Integrity, wrote to Dr.
Needleman, "The O.R.I. is concerned about the numerous errors and misstatements
in reports of your research." He ordered Dr. Needleman to make available to any
interested scholar complete data on the 270 children and to submit a correction
and clarification to The New England Journal of Medicine, which published the
original paper.

Dr. Claire B. Ernhart, a psychologist at Case Western Reserve University who had
accused Dr. Needleman of misconduct in the research, said she was disappointed
that Federal investigators did not find that the misstatements amounted to
misconduct.

In any case, Dr. Ernhart said, the paper should now be discredited so the
Government and others should not use it as a basis for making policy about lead
exposure.

"The effect reported in the paper is very small," she said, "and other studies
show that, too." She said money to help poor children should be spent on more
important things than lead abatement. She cited the Head Start program as an
example.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 25, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CRIME TIME FOES POWER PAST PENALTY-PLAGUED 'HAWKS, WINGS

BYLINE: Jeff Gordon

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 1265 words


Crime does not pay.  When the Blackhawks and Red Wings played like fools Sunday
night, both paid a big price. The out-of-control 'Hawks gave the Sabres 12 power
plays and allowed five second-period goals while losing 6-2 at Chicago Stadium.
Meanwhile, the Red Wings were putting the Flyers on 10 power plays while bowing
4-3 at the Spectrum.  Why are these guys trying to prove their toughness at this
point in the season? Playing hammerhead hockey gets you nowhere in the playoffs,
as the 'Hawks proved last season while falling to the North Stars in the first
round.  The Stars goaded the Blackhawks into taking a stream of mindless
penalties, then cashed in with their perpetual man advantage.  Will the
Blackhawks ever learn? They looked awfully stupid against the Sabres. Overly
enthusiastic goaltender Ed Belfour took high-sticking and charging penalties on
Alexander Mogilny and Pat LaFontaine, respectively.  Defenseman Chris Chelios
was gone by the second period as he earned misconduct, fighting and game
misconduct penalties. Similarly, defenseman Steve Smith earned cross-checking,
fighting and game misconduct penalties and will serve an automatic one-game NHL
suspension for accumulating three misconducts this season.  ''There were a lot
of broken egos on the ice tonight,'' Smith said. ''We took so many stupid
penalties, it's a wonder the score was not even worse. I can't make any excuses
for myself. But you would think we would all know better.'' In Philadelphia, Red
Wings enforcer Bob Probert couldn't control himself either. A first-period brawl
with Terry Carkner only increased his appetite for violence; he was banished
with a double-minor elbowing penalty and a game misconduct at 12 minutes 57
seconds of the third period.  Those and myriad other Wings infractions kept them
short-handed for most of the final 20 minutes and the Flyers finally took
advantage. Why are the Wings using goon tactics instead of their superior talent
to win games?  This is shaping up as one of life's big mysteries.  ''The guys
were pumped up tonight,'' Wings GM/coach Bryan Murray said. ''I thought we
played really well, but we played short-handed. That's pretty well the hockey
game when you're playing in the other guy's building.'' Missing ''E'' For
Effort: The hate-hate relationship Oilers coach Ted Green has with goofy winger
Petr Klima has deteriorated further, the Chicago Tribune reports. In a game
against the Whalers, Green put Klima on a checking line with Kelly Buchberger
and Craig MacTavish and then accused him of tanking it.  ''I thought Petr
purposely played out of position in our end to cause us problems,'' Green said.
Klima told reporters that he simply resented playing a defensive role.  ''That's
not my kind of line,'' he said. ''I don't think I can use all of my skills as a
player on the checking line. I thought he was a good enough coach to see that.
But he didn't. The fourth line seems better for me.'' Countered Green: ''Petr's
been a coach-killer wherever he has been. I don't care two hoots about him. He
only cares about himself. He's the last guy into the room for practice, and the
first one gone every day.'' No wonder Klima has been on the trading block for
nearly two years.  Excuses, Excuses: After his team coughed up a point to the
Blues Saturday night in a 3-3 tie, Canadiens coach Pat Burns blamed the prospect
of a player strike for disorienting his team.  ''Guys don't have their minds on
hockey right now,'' Burns said. ''I just wish they'd get it over with - strike
or don't strike - because it's murder on the coaches.  ''I talked to Brian
Sutter about it and he has the same problem. We're trying to motivate them but
the message just isn't getting through. And it's happening to everybody. You see
a team like Washington up 6-2 on Philadelphia and then they lose it 7-6.'' But
Blues winger Brendan Shanahan wouldn't make a similar excuse after the Note fell
3-2 in Toronto.  ''That strike stuff doesn't carry on the ice,'' he said. ''I
don't buy that. I think when a guy has an off-night he says the baby was up
crying or he was out drinking or has the flu. Now everyone thinks they're going
to say they were thinking about the strike if they had an off-night.  ''We talk
about it off the ice, but it doesn't have anything to do with what we do on the
ice. Nothing we do on the ice is going to change what happens on March 30.''
Penalties? What Penalties? SportsChannel America had a camera isolated on Ray
Ferraro on an Islanders' power play during a 1-1 tie with the Rangers.
Goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck repeatedly hacked at Ferraro. So did defensemen
Brian Leetch and Joe Cirella. Ferraro was slashed and cross-checked, taking
shots from his head to his ankle as he parked in front of the net.  Referee Andy
vanHellemond, the best of the league's sorry lot of arbiters, stood a few feet
away and watched it all happen. A half-dozen penalties could have been called,
but none were.  ''I figure sooner or later one of those hits gets a penalty,''
Ferraro told the New York Times. ''Enough already. The joke's over. I didn't
know where the referee was looking.'' Vanbiesbrouck didn't exactly plead
innocent to charges of misdemeanor assault. ''Things got crazy for a while,'' he
said. ''But they're desperate.  Ray's a good player, an agitator. It was part of
the game.'' But only if referees allow it. And people wonder why we pick on them
so . .  .  Penguins Migrate for Spring: After falling to .500 on Feb. 27 - they
were 27-27-8 after an 8-4 loss to the Whalers - the revamped Penguins rebounded
with an 8-2-1 run to catch the Devils for third place in the Smythe Division.
But the Penguins lost 4-3 to Detroit on Tuesday, and are two points behind New
Jersey.  With the Exit 16W Devils in an eight-game winless streak until
defeating San Jose on Tuesday, the defending Stanley Cup champions may be ready
to lock up the No. 3 seed in the Patrick playoff tourney and avoid the dominant
Rangers in the first round.  ''We'd like to finish third and play Washington,
but we don't feel there's much difference between playing Washington and the
Rangers,'' Penguins winger Kevin Stevens said. ''We know we can beat anybody at
anytime. We're just trying to get our game going toward the playoffs and we'll
have a good chance.  We're not out of the Stanley Cup run at all.'' Indeed not,
Oilers coach Ted Green said.  ''They've been a sleeping giant for a while and
they seem to have awakened,'' he said last week.  Said Penguins center Ron
Francis: ''I think we've learned how to battle through adversity. We've had a
lot of it this year and sometimes we let it get the best of us.'' Meanwhile,
Devils coach Tom McVie isn't talking as bravely as he was last month.  ''I'm
just worried about getting the team into the playoffs,'' McVie said.  ''Then
we'll go from there. We'll be a tough team, if we can just make the playoffs.''
Welcome to the NHL: With goaltender Chris Terreri and Craig Billington injured,
the poor Devils turned to young Chad Erickson for their game Sunday at Madison
Square Garden.  The lad got smoked for six goals in his NHL debut, including
four by monstrous center Mark Messier.  ''I wouldn't have minded facing a
different team the first time out,'' Erickson said. ''I'm pretty disappointed. I
wish Messier would not have played this game.'' Words to Live By: After scoring
power-play goals against the Kings, Sabres power forward Dave Andreychuk offered
this valuable piece of advice to young players everywhere: ''It's pretty easy to
score when you're standing right next to the net.''

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO...Good Way To Start A Fight: Buffalo's ALEXANDER MOGILNY
watches his shot fly into the net past Chicago goalieBELFOUR. Belfour later drew
a penalty for high-sticking Mogilny...

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday
                               National_C Edition

Navy calls for 2nd review following ship Misconduct

SECTION: CANADA; National Report; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 134 words


A navy ship ordered home over allegations of misconduct has prompted a second
review - this one focused specifically on hMCS Whitehorse's crew and senior
officers. The review will look at everything from the actions of the senior
leaders on board to the overall situation on the vessel, and comes just days
after the ship returned to Canada. In a rare move, the head of the royal
Canadian Navy ordered the ship to return home after crew were involved in three
separate incidents of misconduct in San diego, Calif. hMCS Whitehorse, a
maritime coastal defence vessel, was participating in rIMPAC 2014, the largest
naval exercise in the world. Sources say the alleged misconduct involved
drunkenness and sexual misconduct. The hMCS Whitehorse review will be conducted
in the ship's home port in British Columbia.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 3, 2000 Saturday 2D EDITION

Police chiefs call for review Officials seek presidential panel, nationwide
study

BYLINE: By Jennifer Medina, Special to The Denver Post,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-13

LENGTH: 392 words


After recent police misconduct in cities such as Los Angeles  and New York, the
International Association of Chiefs of Police is  calling for the creation of a
commission to conduct a  comprehensive review of law enforcement nationwide.

Association president Col. Michael D. Robinson said the  association is asking
Texas Gov. George W. Bush and Vice President  Al Gore to establish the
commission during the next  administration.

'We are standing at a crossroad,' said Robinson, who is also  director of the
Michigan State Police. '    If we lose the public  trust we lose the ability to
maintain safety.'

'The public is ever more mindful of our actions,' he said.  'They are looking at
not only what we are doing to protect their  safety, but how we are doing so.'

Law enforcement must be in contact with the community to gain  public trust,
Robinson said. The association is holding its board  of directors meeting in
Denver this weekend.

Suspicion of misconduct such as racial profiling lessens  public confidence in
officers nationwide, including Colorado, said  Colorado State Patrol Chief Col.
Lonnie Westphal.

'We are all placed under the same umbrella of criticism,'  Westphal said. 'When
(state patrolmen) stop a car there are people  who say, 'This is the same thing
that happened to Rodney King.'  There is a stigma attached to officers who are
dedicated to doing  their jobs.'

The State Patrol began meeting with 20 minority community  members last month to
discuss the issue of racial profiling.  Another meeting is set for July,
Westphal said.

The national commission would conduct a systematic review of  all aspects of law
enforcement and justice administration,  including arrests, prosecutions and
incarcerations, Robinson said.

Police officers in New York, Pittsburgh, Los Angeles and  Riverside, Calif.,
have all come under public scrutiny and  criticism for shooting young minority
members.

'We need to address those perceptions,' Colorado's Westphal  said. 'We need to
understand what the public is thinking and they  have to understand what our job
is.'

Robinson said the idea for the commission was proposed at a  directors' meeting
last month in Michigan. There has not been a  national review since 1967, under
President Lyndon Johnson.

LOAD-DATE: June 05, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        January, 2002 Northeast Edition

"Cooperation Counts" - The Message Of The Commission's Recent Section 21(a)
Report

BYLINE: RICHARD S. SMITH, JR.  AND EDWARD B. WHITTEMORE , MURTHA CULLINA LLP;
Richard S. Smith, Jr. is a Partner and Chairman of the Corporate Department of
the Boston, Hartford and New Haven law firm of Murtha Cullina, LLP.  Edward B.
Whittemore is an Associate in the firm's Corporate Department.  Messrs. Smith
and Whittemore both are resident in the Hartford office and concentrate their
practices in general corporate, mergers & acquisitions and securities law
matters.

SECTION: MURTHA CULLINA MC; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 2276 words

HIGHLIGHT: Please e-mail the authors at rsmith@murthalaw.com or
ewhittemore@murthalaw.com with questions about this article.


On October 23, 2001, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "Commission")
issued a report of investigation (the "Report"), in which the Commission
described publicly, in explicit detail, the benefits that may be enjoyed by
corporations from self-reporting potential misconduct and cooperating with the
Commission's enforcement staff.1 The Report outlines the factors the Commission
will consider when exercising its prosecutorial discretion (i.e., deciding
whether and how to bring civil enforcement proceedings against a corporation for
violations of the federal securities laws and determining the appropriate
penalties for the underlying conduct).  The Report is one of several promising
initiatives that have marked the early tenure of Commission Chairman Harvey L.
Pitt, who assumed office in August 2001.

The Seaboard Proceedings

The Report describes the Commission's investigation into the financial reporting
irregularities of Chestnut Hill Farms ("CHF"), a Miami-based division of
Seaboard Corporation, based in Shawnee Mission, Kansas ("Seaboard").  On the
same day it issued the Report, the Commission also settled a cease-and-desist
administrative proceeding against Gisela de Leon-Meredith, the former controller
of CHF,2 in which the former controller agreed, without admitting or denying the
Commission's findings, to cease and desist from committing or causing any
further violations of the federal securities laws.  The Commission found that
Meredith had booked improper entries in CHF's books and records from 1995
through early 2000 that overstated deferred cost assets and understated
expenses.  The Commission also alleged that she became aware that these entries
were improper in late 1998, but that, rather than report the errors to her
supervisors, she "deliberately undertook to conceal the errors." The Commission
found that her concealment of these accounting discrepancies (totaling
approximately $ 7 million) caused Seaboard's periodic reports filed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to contain misstatements, leading to the
restatement of Seaboard's 1995-2000 financial results.

In July 2000, the controller admitted her concealment to her supervisors.
Within a week, Seaboard's internal auditors performed a preliminary review and
forwarded their results to senior management, who in turn advised Seaboard's
audit committee and full board of directors that the controller had caused
Seaboard's books and records and Exchange Act reports to contain inaccuracies.
The board authorized Seaboard to retain an outside law firm to conduct an
independent investigation of the accounting irregularities.  Four days later,
the controller and two other employees who had inadequately supervised the
controller were dismissed.  One day later, Seaboard publicly announced that it
would restate its financial statements for the affected periods.  That same day,
Seaboard also informed Commission staff of the planned restatements.

Thereafter, Seaboard officials provided full cooperation to the Commission
during the course of its investigation and turned over all information relevant
to the underlying violations.  Seaboard also produced to Commission staff the
written report of the law firm's investigation, as well as notes and transcripts
of interviews with the controller and other employees.  Significantly, Seaboard
declined to "invoke the attorney-client privilege, work product protection or
other privileges or protections with respect to any facts uncovered in the
investigation."3 Seaboard took further steps to prevent future accounting
problems, including hiring new CPAs responsible for overseeing CHF,
consolidating the accounting reviews of the subsidiary's results at the parent
level, and redesigning the minimum audit requirements.

The Commission's Policy Statement Regarding Self-Policing And Cooperation

After reciting these facts, the Commission announced its new policy, describing
four categories of factors that it will consider in pending and future
enforcement proceedings in deciding whether to credit a corporation for steps
taken to detect and prevent potential corporate wrongdoing.  According to the
Commission's press release, the relevant factors fall into four broad
categories:

(1) self-policing - whether the company established, maintained and enforced
effective compliance procedures prior to discovering potential misconduct;

(2) self-reporting - whether the company promptly, thoroughly, and effectively
evaluated the nature and extent of the misconduct and, when necessary, disclosed
the misconduct to regulators and the investing public;

(3) remediation - whether the company adequately disciplined or dismissed
wrongdoers, modified and strengthened internal controls and reporting mechanisms
to prevent recurrence of the misconduct and "appropriately compensated those
adversely affected;" and

(4) cooperation - whether the company cooperated with law enforcement
authorities, including the Commission, and provided the Commission with all
"available information relevant to the underlying violations and the company's
remedial efforts."4

The Commission explained these categories through specific questions related to
the misconduct and the company's preparedness for, and responses to, the
misconduct.  For example, the Report noted that the participation in, or
indifference of, senior management to the misconduct and whether the company's
independent auditors were misled will be viewed adversely in any charging
decision.  The Commission also underscored the importance of a company's
response efforts, including making sufficient public disclosure of the
misconduct and any "related misconduct" likely to have occurred and
"appropriately recompensing those adversely affected by the conduct."5

Provided that a company takes sufficient steps to "self-police, self-report,
remediate and cooperate," the Commission made clear that its enforcement staff
will credit the company "when it comes time to pay the check."6 Such credit may
include "the extraordinary step of taking no enforcement action to bringing
reduced charges, seeking lighter sanctions, or including mitigating language in
documents [used] to announce and resolve enforcement actions."7 Notwithstanding
these statements, the Commission made clear that it would not abdicate its broad
discretion in future enforcement cases or permit companies in the future to
"rely" on the factors listed in the Report in the hopes of avoiding any
sanctions, especially in cases involving egregious misconduct and significant
investor losses.8

Significance Of The Commission's "New" Enforcement Policy

The rationale behind the Commission's new enforcement policy was clearly stated
in the Report - "[o]ur willingness to credit such behavior in deciding whether
and how to take enforcement action benefits investors as well as our enforcement
program."9 This declaration of agency policy, however, is actually nothing new.
The Commission has consistently, if not so explicitly, in the past articulated a
policy of giving credit to companies for cooperation and self-policing.  For
example, in 1993, the Commission sanctioned Daiwa Securities America, Inc. and
one of its traders for submitting a false $ 3 billion bid on behalf of another
brokerage firm.10 The Commission specifically noted that the underlying conduct
was "first brought to the attention of the Commission" by Daiwa and the trader
and that the Commission took the defendant's self-reporting and cooperation into
account in settling the matter.11 Moreover, the Commission's policy of providing
incentives to corporate wrongdoers to detect and prevent corporate wrongdoing
and cooperate with law enforcement authorities finds similar support in a 1999
policy statement of the U.S. Department of Justice and in Section 8c2.5 of the
U.S. Sentencing Guidelines.12

The Report is significant, however, for at least two reasons.  First, it is the
clearest statement to date that the Commission will credit companies for their
"good behavior." In this regard, it undoubtedly will be viewed as a helpful
"road map" for a company that finds itself embroiled in an investigation of
potential violations of the federal securities laws.  Second, the Report may
also be viewed as "raising the stakes" and accelerating the timetable for
fashioning an "adequate" response immediately after a company first becomes
aware of corporate wrongdoing by employees.  Past enforcement actions make clear
that public companies and senior management must remain vigilant of the
important obligations imposed under both state corporate law13 and the federal
securities laws14 to detect, prevent and report corporate misconduct,
particularly when credible information of such behavior surfaces.

The Commission's Goal Of "Real-Time Enforcement"

Since Chairman Pitt took office, SEC Commissioners and staff have continuously
emphasized the importance of promoting "real-time enforcement," which has
several goals - segmenting and accelerating cases, pursuing ongoing violations
quickly, and identifying and preventing potential violations before the
dissipation of assets in the hopes of protecting investors' interests.  The
Commission's willingness to provide incentives to companies to self-report
violations and cooperate with the Commission is undoubtedly a critical component
of this initiative.  Since the Report's release, however, the Commission has
come under fire on the theory that a more "tolerant" enforcement posture may
have the effect of absolving corporate wrongdoers of blame in cases involving
outright fraud, leading to greater investor losses.15 In response, Chairman Pitt
has defended the Commission's newly-announced policy, explaining that a
collaborative effort between willing companies and the Commission will permit
its enforcement staff to "leverage limited resources" and will result in a more
rapid discovery of corporate wrongdoing and, thus, more meaningful recompense
for investors.16

In the months to come, the full effects of the Report should become clearer as
the Commission applies its policies to its existing and prospective enforcement
docket.  This effort may, no doubt, prove most difficult in cases which involve
serious allegations of fraudulent conduct and/or significant investor losses.
If, however, the Commission is able to convince public companies and regulated
entities that are under investigation for potential securities law violations to
meaningfully embrace the "self-reporting, self-policing and cooperation"
principles set forth in the Report, then the securities markets and the
investing public may be able to reap the efficiency and investor protection
objectives sought by the Commission.

Footnotes
 1 See Report of Investigation Pursuant to Section 21(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and Commission Statement on the Relationship of Cooperation
to Agency Enforcement Decisions, Exchange Act Release No. 34-44969, 7 Fed. Sec.
L. Rep. (CCH) 74,985, 63195 (October 23, 2001).  2See In the Matter of Gisela de
Leon-Meredith, Exchange Act Release No. 44970, 7 Fed. Sec. C. Rep. (CCH) 74,986,
63,197 (October 23, 2001). 3Report, at 63,195. 4See SEC Press Release, October
23, 2001, available at http://www.sec.gov/news/press/2001.11-txt. 5Report, at
63,197. 6See Remarks of Chairman Harvey L. Pitt, before the Consumer Federation
of America Financial Services Conference, November 29, 2001, available at
http://www.sec.gov/news/speech/spch525.htm. 7See Report, at 63,196. 8Id. 9Id. at
63,197-98. 10See In the Matter of Daiwa Securities America, Inc. and Willard M.
Brachfield, Exchange Act Rel. No. 34-31924 (Feb. 25, 1993). 11Id. See also
William R. McLucas and John Polise, A Critical Examination of the SEC's
Enforcement Process, INSIGHTS, Vol. 8, No. 1 (January 1994) at 5 (Former
Director of the Commission's Division of Enforcement stating that "[i]n fact,
we, the Commission and the staff, do give a lot of credit to volunteers and
cooperators."). 12See e.g., Bringing Criminal Charges Against Corporations,
Letter of Eric Holder, Deputy Attorney General to U.S. Attorneys, June 16, 1999,
available at http://www.usdjo/criminal/fraud/policy/Charingcorps. html; United
States Sentencing Commission, Guidelines Manual,
 8c2.5(f) and (g) (Nov. 2000) (permitting sentencing reductions for corporations
that self-report to, and cooperate with, government authorities). 13Under
Delaware law, a director's duty of care includes a duty to attempt in good faith
to assure that adequate corporate information and reporting systems exist which
permit the directors to reach informed judgments concerning the corporation's
compliance with law and its business performance.  See In re Caremark
International Inc. Deriv. Litig., 698 A.2d 959 (Del. Ch. 1996). 14For example,
the SEC brought proceedings against three senior Salomon Brothers officers in
the wake of its investigation of the treasury market in the early 1990s.  The
Commission's release pointedly noted that, while all three respondents were
placed on notice that trader Paul Mozer had made an unauthorized bid, the
managers' inaction allowed Mr. Mozer to submit two subsequent unauthorized bids.
In re Gutfreund, [1992 Transfer Binder] Fed. Sec. L. Rep. (CCH) 85,067, 83,597
at 83,607 (Dec. 3, 1992). 15See e.g., Michael Schroeder and Jonathan Weil, SEC
Chooses a More Lenient Tack, Wall St. J., October 24, 2001, at C1. 16See Remarks
of Chairman Pitt, supra note 6.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.

                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

RANGE RESOURCES NET INCOME JUMPS IN 4TH QUARTER; FIRST NIAGARA FINDS EMPLOYEE
MISCONDUCT; FRESH MARKET TO OPEN IN O'HARA

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 632 words


Net income upswing helps boost Range Resources' Q4

Range Resources Corp. reported earnings Tuesday afternoon, posting a huge
upswing in net income during the fourth quarter of 2014. The Fort Worth,
Texas-based oil and gas company reported a profit of $284 million, or $1.68 per
share, during the last three months of last year, compared to $28 million, or 17
cents per share, during the same time in 2013. For the full year, the company,
one of the top producers in the Marcellus Shale whose regional headquarters is
in Southpointe, had net income of $634 million, or $3.79 per share, compared
with $116 million, or 70 cents per share, the prior year. Revenue was $872
million for the quarter and $2.7 billion for the full year.

First Niagara reports employee misconduct

First Niagara Financial preliminarily determined that it had overstated its
allowance for loan and lease losses reported Jan. 23 for the quarter ended Dec.
31, 2014, due to the "misconduct of a mid-level employee," the Buffalo,
N.Y.-based bank said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
Tuesday. The employee has since been fired, the bank said. The overstatement had
the effect of understating earnings, the filing said. First Niagara said it
hasn't yet determined if fixing the problem, which dates back to mid-2013 and
continued through the fourth quarter, will have a material impact on earnings.
"The company will complete its analysis as expeditiously as possible," the
filing said.

Fox Chapel Plaza slated for region's 2nd Fresh Market

The Fresh Market specialty grocer chain announced it has signed a lease to put
its second store in the region, with a location planned for Fox Chapel Plaza on
Freeport Road in O'Hara. The Greensboro, N.C., company also has a store on
Washington Road in Mt. Lebanon

Michael Jors, Noodles, salon set for South Hills Village

South Hills Village mall expects to add luxury retail chain Michael Kors this
spring, in addition to a Noodles and Company restaurant and a Sweet & Sassy
children's salon.

Allegiant Air prepares June launch of Myrtle Beach service

Allegiant Air will start seasonal service to Myrtle Beach, S.C., from Pittsburgh
International Airport on June 5. The new flight will run until Aug. 17 and
operate on Fridays, Saturdays and Mondays.

Consumer confidence slides after big January gain

The Conference Board reports that its consumer confidence index dropped this
month to 96.4 from a revised 103.8 in January. The February and January readings
are the highest since before the recession started in December 2007.

Cadillac recalls ATS to fix hair-trigger sunroof switch

General Motors is recalling about 67,000 Cadillac ATS compact sports sedans from
the 2013 through 2015 model years to fix a problem with the power sunroof
controls. GM says the sunroofs can automatically close if the nonrecessed
switches are even partly touched.

Goodyear paying $16M to settle bribery charges

Goodyear will pay about $16 million to settle federal regulators' charges that
it failed to prevent persistent bribery in Kenya and Angola aimed at winning
tire sales. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the settlement
Tuesday with Akron, Ohio-based Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., which neither
admitted nor denied the allegations.

JPMorgan to close 5% of its bank branches

JPMorgan Chase plans to close 300 bank branches over the next two years, about 5
percent of the total. The closures are part of a $1.4 billion cost-cutting plan
revealed during the bank's annual investor day conference Tuesday.

Heavy security prevents anti-shale gas protests

Hundreds of Algerian police officers sealed off avenues in the capital of
Algiers on Tuesday to prevent an opposition demonstration against plans to drill
for shale gas in the south of the country.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Anis Belghoul: Police detain an activist during a demonstration
in Algiers, Algeria, Tuesday, Feb.24, 2015. Hundreds of Algerian police officers
sealed off avenues in the capital to prevent an opposition demonstration against
plans to drill for shale gas in the south of the country. A few dozen opposition
activists were able to briefly demonstrate near the rally site in Algiers
chanting "Algeria Free and Democratic" before being detained. (AP Photo/Anis
Belghoul)
PHOTO: Michel Euler: FILE - In this Sept. 28 2012 file photo, a hostess poses
next to a Cadillac ATS Premium, during the press day on the eve of the opening
of the Paris Auto Show, in Paris. General Motors on Tuesday, Feb. 24, 2015 is
recalling about 67,000 Cadillac ATS compact sports sedans to fix a problem with
the power sunroof controls. (AP Photo/Michel Euler, File)
PHOTO: Anis Belghoul: An activist displays a poster reading "No to fracking"
during a brief demonstration in Algiers, Algeria, Tuesday, Feb.24, 2015.
Hundreds of Algerian police officers sealed off avenues in the capital to
prevent an opposition demonstration against plans to drill for shale gas in the
south of the country. A few dozen opposition activists were able to briefly
demonstrate near the rally site in Algiers chanting "Algeria Free and
Democratic" before being detained. (AP Photo/Anis Belghoul)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday
                                FA_CHASE EDITION

A missing baby, a bungled case;
Even when federal prosecutors err and cases collapse, they are likely to keep
their jobs

BYLINE: Brad Heath and Kevin McCoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 3235 words


TAMPA -- What happened to the baby girl is a mystery.

What happened to the federal prosecutor who handled the case against Sabrina
Aisenberg's parents is not: A Justice Department inquiry found that he
recklessly broke the rules when he charged them with lying about her
disappearance.

In this series

To see earlier stories in this project, videos and a database of cases on
prosecutorial misconduct, go to justice.usatoday.com.

The Florida Bar admonished the prosecutor, Stephen Kunz. The government dropped
its case against Sabrina's parents, and paid defense lawyers nearly $1.5
million, the largest such sanction ever imposed against the Justice Department
for its mishandling of a criminal case. And Kunz lost his position handling
criminal cases for the U.S. Attorney's Office here.

"I told him, 'You're not going to be a criminal prosecutor here,' " former U.S.
attorney Paul Perez recalls. Instead, Perez says he gave Kunz a choice: work on
a team that handled civil lawsuits or look for a new job. Kunz soon found a job
200 miles away in Tallahassee.

As a federal prosecutor.

The episode -- which unfolded over eight years beginning in 1997 -- offers a
rare window into the U.S. Justice Department's effort to police abuses by the
lawyers in charge of enforcing the nation's laws. A USA TODAY investigation has
found that prosecutors have little reason to fear losing their jobs, even if
they violate laws or constitutional safeguards designed to ensure the justice
system is fair.

Justice Department officials say they take every violation of those rules
seriously. But USA TODAY's investigation, based on an examination of tens of
thousands of pages of court files and reviewed by a panel of legal experts,
found:

*The Justice Department often classifies as mistakes violations that result in
overturned convictions. Even when judges have cited prosecutors for flouting
constitutional rules, the government often clears the attorneys of wrongdoing
and concludes the violations were unintentional. The agency's internal ethics
watchdog, the Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR), found wrongdoing in
about one-quarter of the roughly 750 complaints it investigated during the past
decade.

*Even when investigators conclude that prosecutors committed misconduct, they
are unlikely to be fired. Department records suggest that violations more often
result in reprimands, suspensions or agreements that allow lawyers to leave the
government  with their reputations intact and their records unblemished.

After a judge in Massachusetts freed two convicted Mafia figures from prison
because of "extremely serious government misconduct" by the lead prosecutor, for
example, officials gave the prosecutor a written reprimand. U.S. District Judge
Mark Wolf wrote in a 2008 letter to then-attorney general Michael Mukasey that
the episode -- which occurred before Mukasey became attorney general -- "raises
serious questions about whether judges should continue to rely upon the
Department to investigate and sanction misconduct by federal prosecutors."

*The Justice Department consistently conceals its own investigations of
misconduct from the public. Officials say privacy laws prevent them from
revealing any details of their investigations. That secrecy, however, makes it
almost impossible to assess the full extent and impact of misconduct by
prosecutors or the effectiveness of the department's attempts to deter it.

A spokeswoman for the Justice Department, Tracy Schmaler, said in a statement
that USA TODAY's "selective review of a handful of the many thousands of cases
stretching back as far as 18 years does little to provide an accurate and
representative picture of the honorable work done by federal prosecutors in
courtrooms every day across the country." She said that "when mistakes occur, we
correct them as quickly and transparently as possible within the bounds of the
law."

Attorney General Eric Holder, who took over the Justice Department in 2009, has
said the agency is moving to make sure it can more effectively prevent
misconduct and better train prosecutors about the complex rules they must
follow. The changes, including new training and policies, followed the failed
corruption case against former Alaska senator Ted Stevens.

For years, however, says Joseph DeGenova, a former U.S. attorney in Washington,
D.C., the bottom line was that the government allowed lawyers "who should not be
federal prosecutors to continue in that role. The record on discipline is very,
very poor. The history of serious discipline is basically non-existent."

USA TODAY's investigation documented 201 cases since 1997 in which courts found
that federal prosecutors violated laws or ethics rules. Although those
violations occurred in no more than a tiny fraction of the tens of thousands of
criminal cases filed in federal courts every year, each one was so serious that
judges overturned convictions, threw out charges or rebuked prosecutors for
misconduct. The violations put innocent people in jail, set guilty people free
and cost millions of dollars in legal fees.

Without stronger safeguards, Justice Department critics say, those problems will
continue.

"It's a disgrace to the Department of Justice, it's a disgrace to the system,
it's a disgrace to what we're supposed to stand for," says Barry Cohen, the
Tampa defense attorney who represented Sabrina Aisenberg's parents. He says
Kunz, the prosecutor, should have been fired -- and prosecuted.

Both Kunz and his current boss, U.S. Attorney Pamela Marsh in Tallahassee, did
not respond to requests for interviews USA TODAY sent to an office spokesman.

The missing girl

Sabrina Aisenberg was 5 months old when she disappeared from her crib one night
in November 1997.

The story her parents, Steven and Marlene Aisenberg, told the police was
horrifying: They awoke that morning to find their daughter's crib empty and
their back door ajar. The authorities searched everywhere for the missing baby,
scouring the area near her home in Valrico, Fla., outside Tampa, seeking any
clue that could tell them where she had gone. They found nothing.

Eventually, investigators focused their suspicions on the girl's parents.
Investigators from the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office got warrants to
secretly install listening devices in their bedroom and kitchen, recording
thousands of conversations over three months. State prosecutors nonetheless
concluded that they did not have enough evidence to prosecute the couple. But in
1999, almost two years after Sabrina vanished, federal prosecutors announced
that they had solved the girl's mysterious disappearance, and charged the
Aisenbergs with conspiracy and lying to investigators.

The recordings were the most damning evidence. On one, prosecutors told a grand
jury and a magistrate judge, Marlene Aisenberg could be heard telling her
husband: "The baby's dead and buried. ... The baby's dead no matter what you say
-- you just did it."

But there was a problem with the recordings: Almost everyone who listened to
them concluded that they didn't actually contain the statements prosecutors had
presented to the grand jury that indicted the couple. U.S. District Judge Steven
Merryday listened to the tapes and said he couldn't hear the incriminating
statements. Perez, the former U.S. attorney, said he couldn't find them, either
-- even though the prosecutors, led by Kunz, had assured the court that the
statements were there.

After a judge ruled the tapes inadmissible, the Justice Department took the
unusual step of withdrawing the charges against the Aisenbergs before their
trial began. Then it conceded in court that it should pay their legal bills
under a law known as the Hyde Amendment, which requires the government to
compensate people if the charges against them were "vexatious." The department
ultimately paid $1,494,650.

OPR investigated Kunz's handling of the Aisenberg case. Its report -- never made
public, but summarized in state bar records -- concluded that Kunz had
recklessly tried to inflame the grand jury against the Aisenbergs and included
unreliable excerpts from the recordings in the indictment. But its investigation
also rejected Merryday's finding that the decision to charge the Aisenbergs had
been "vexatious" or undertaken in "bad faith."

Kunz's bosses at the U.S. Attorney's Office stripped him of his position as a
supervisor while OPR investigated. In 2002, Perez -- who once had counted Kunz
as a mentor -- reassigned him to the civil division before Kunz eventually quit.
The Florida Bar, which regulates lawyers in the state, publicly admonished Kunz
in 2005, the mildest form of public discipline it could impose but nonetheless
an uncommon rebuke for a federal prosecutor. Justice Department records show
Kunz has been assigned to criminal cases in Tallahassee since 2003.

"It's kind of a travesty," said Steven Aisenberg, Sabrina's father, who lives in
Maryland with his wife and two other children. Kunz "fabricated information, and
he still has a job doing what he did before. Now he lives to do it again, to
somebody else."

Aisenberg said the family is still searching for Sabrina. She would have turned
13 last June.

The watchdog

The Office of Professional Responsibility was founded in 1975 as part of an
effort to restore public confidence after the Watergate scandal. Criticism soon
followed. In 1990, for example, a congressional committee blasted the office,
saying it failed to investigate some judicial findings that prosecutors had
committed misconduct.

OPR's founder, Michael Shaheen, retired in 1997 amid an investigation by the
Justice Department's Inspector General that ultimately concluded he and two top
deputies had themselves committed misconduct by violating government travel
regulations. Before he died in 2007, Shaheen told National Public Radio that OPR
should be abolished, because it was "plagued by a history of delays and the
bureaucratic layers superimposed on it, and by the end of an investigation --
two, three years -- you find that they've labored and brought forth ... a
squeak, or a mouse."

OPR's records bear that out. Its investigations, run by agency attorneys,
typically take at least a year to complete, and dozens have gone on for more
than two years, a USA TODAY analysis of data obtained from the office shows. The
vast majority of those investigations conclude that prosecutors did not break
the rules, or that any violations were unintentional and should not be punished.

From 2000 to 2009, OPR's annual reports show, the office completed
investigations of 756 complaints -- fewer than 10% of the total complaints it
received -- and found that lawyers had actually committed misconduct in 196
cases.

"Government lawyers are likely to view the conduct most favorably to other
government lawyers," says Ellen Yaroshefsky, the head of Cardozo Law School's
Jacob Burns Ethics Center in New York. She said an outside watchdog is needed.
"It's human nature that you're going to give the person the benefit of the
doubt, because it could be you next. There just needs to be an independent
evaluation of allegations of misconduct."

Records show the Justice Department has cleared prosecutors even when courts
found problems. For example:

*A court in Pennsylvania rejected an inmate's death sentence for torturing, then
killing his cellmate because the prosecutor never disclosed evidence the inmate
could have used to challenge the allegation that he had planned the murder in
advance. OPR, disagreeing with the court, found that the prosecutor did not
commit misconduct and was not required to turn over the evidence.

*A federal appeals court overturned a man's conviction for a Tennessee bank
robbery because it found the prosecutor "clearly misrepresented" evidence to the
jury in "deliberate disregard of his duty," the court said. OPR disagreed,
saying the prosecutor had made a mistake, not committed misconduct, according to
an analysis for the American Civil Liberties Union.

"It's just astonishing to me that the system over there just flouts federal
appellate courts' findings -- in some instances even disagreeing that it's
misconduct at all, let alone how serious it is," says Richard Strafer, a Miami
lawyer who conducted the ACLU's review.

A House oversight committee leveled a similar complaint in a report two decades
ago, noting that Justice "has not provided an explanation for its disagreement
with the judge's findings."

OPR takes that approach because its investigations focus as much on why a
prosecutor broke the rules as they do on whether there was a violation. The
Justice Department cites its attorneys for misconduct only when it can prove the
violations were either intentional or reckless. More often, records show, it
concludes that violations were the result of poor judgment, inexperience or
excusable mistakes. In addition, OPR sometimes disputes courts' interpretations
of the complex rules prosecutors must follow.

When it finds misconduct, OPR can only recommend a range of disciplinary
penalties -- for example, from 5 to 15 days' suspension without pay -- but
cannot impose the punishment itself. The recommendations go to the U.S. Attorney
in the area where the prosecutor works. The penalty is imposed by the
prosecutor's supervisor, but can be appealed to the deputy attorney general, the
No. 2 official at Justice, and in some situations to an outside board. It can be
a lengthy process.

The Justice Department would not release a complete list of disciplinary actions
it has taken to punish misconduct; USA TODAY first asked for one in May 2009.
The department's annual reports, which summarize some of the cases it
investigated, suggest that lawyers are seldom fired for mishandling criminal
cases. In the past decade, the agency's annual reports have disclosed only one
instance in which a lawyer was terminated: a 2009 investigation that showed the
Department of Justice attorney had been unlicensed for more than five years and
had filed false certifications that hid the truth. In four other cases, OPR
reported that it recommended termination, but the lawyers either resigned or
retired.

Leslie Griffin, who worked as an attorney at OPR in the late 1990s and now
teaches at the University of Houston, said the office has an "almost impossible
job" because it is expected to police its own lawyers, protect their privacy and
satisfy the public. "Self-policing never works," she said. "That's part of the
problem. Do we really think that doctors police their own very well? No."

Trouble in Washington, D.C.

By the early 1990s, gang violence had turned murder into an almost daily event
in Washington, D.C. Unlike other parts of the country, where homicides and other
violent crimes are handled by state prosecutors, the job of putting Washington's
killers in prison falls to the Justice Department. Many of the toughest cases
ended up on the desk of G. Paul Howes.

In 1996, Holder, then the U.S. attorney in Washington, asked OPR to investigate
Howes' prosecution of four members of a gang known as the Newton Street Crew.
The probe lasted two years. OPR concluded that Howes had improperly given tens
of thousands of dollars' worth of government witness vouchers to relatives and
girlfriends of people who helped him build his case.

The Justice Department maintains that such intentional abuses are rare. But
former OPR lawyers and outside investigators have said the agency overlooks some
wrongdoing.  One reason: Even when OPR finds that a prosecutor committed
misconduct in one case, its investigators do not always look to see whether any
of the prosecutor's other cases were compromised. Griffin says it's important
that officials not "overinvestigate" prosecutors because of a single mistake,
but the result is that the department can't detect the full extent of misconduct
. It didn't in Howes' case.

If OPR had looked more deeply, it would have unearthed what the D.C. Bar
Counsel's office later found when it conducted its own investigation: additional
vouchers Howes had improperly approved for witnesses in another homicide.
Instead of investigating further, the Justice Department spent two years
fighting to keep its file on Howes from reaching defense attorneys in that case.

When a federal judge ordered Justice to release its findings in 2003,
prosecutors agreed to shorten three other murderers' sentences. This year,
attorneys for another man Howes prosecuted asked the D.C. Court of Appeals to
throw out his conviction because of the payments.

The court also is considering whether to disbar Howes, who declined to comment.
He left the Justice Department in 1995 and went on to represent Enron investors
in a multibillion-dollar lawsuit. Howes testified in Washington's Superior Court
in 2007 -- in another hearing questioning his use of vouchers -- that he "never
went to trial with anybody that I did not think was guilty."

'A black hole'

The Justice Department refuses to discuss its misconduct investigations, though
Congress has repeatedly urged more transparency. In 1978, for example, Congress
asked the department to make the results of its investigations public. That
happened for roughly seven years under Attorney General Janet Reno, President
Bill Clinton's appointee, when OPR released summaries of its investigations that
included prosecutors' names.

But -- with the exception of a few investigations of high-ranking officials --
OPR has not revealed the names of prosecutors it found committed misconduct in
almost a decade. Justice officials told USA TODAY that a federal law known as
the Privacy Act, enacted in 1974, bars them from releasing any details, even
when the problems have been widely publicized. Instead, it produces anonymous
annual reports without any identifying details, even genders, of the prosecutors
involved.

"OPR is a black hole. Stuff goes in, nothing comes out," said Jim Lavine, the
president of the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers. "The public,
the defense attorneys and the judiciary have lost respect for the government's
ability to police themselves."

OPR's former director, Mary Patrice Brown, who recently took a new job in the
criminal division, said the office is considering taking additional steps to
disclose the results of its investigations. The office also has caught up on its
annual reports, which had been several years behind, and the summaries are more
detailed than in the past.

It's not just its own files that the department keeps secret. In some cases, it
has asked judges to expunge misconduct findings from public court records.

Two years ago, for instance, a federal judge in San Diego overturned a guilty
verdict in a drug case against Kellie Shaver because the prosecutor who handled
her case, Christopher Ott, never told the court that a witness had raised
questions about some of the evidence he relied on during Shaver's trial.
Prosecutors didn't quarrel with the court's ruling that Shaver's trial had been
unfair -- but they asked the judge to leave Ott's name out of it. Prosecutors
also cut a deal with Shaver: She could plead guilty and go free immediately. In
return, her lawyers couldn't oppose their request to conceal Ott's name.

Ott, now a federal prosecutor in Central Islip, N.Y., declined to comment,
through a spokesman.

The prosecutor who negotiated Shaver's plea, Stewart Young, said Ott was not
involved in the agreement. The Justice Department's investigation of the case is
confidential.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving Weapons/Assault

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 7-22-13 at approx. 1900 hours, AST responded to DOT Lake for
a report of disturbance involving a firearm. Clyde Charles, age 51 of Dot
Lake was arrested for Misconduct Involving Weapons in the Third Degree,
Misconduct Involving Weapons in the Fourth Degree and Assault in the Third
Degree. Troopers from Tok and Delta Junction responded after a report of
Charles discharging a weapon into the air when other persons were nearby their
homes in close proximity. The other persons nearby were afraid for their
safety. After an investigation and interviews were conducted, Charles was
arrested without further incident and remanded to the Fairbanks Correctional
Center.

For further information please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving Weapons/Assault

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 7-22-13 at approx. 1900 hours, AST responded to DOT Lake for
a report of disturbance involving a firearm.  Clyde Charles, age 51 of Dot
Lake was arrested for Misconduct Involving Weapons in the Third Degree,
Misconduct Involving Weapons in the Fourth Degree and Assault in the Third
Degree. Troopers from Tok and Delta Junction responded after a report of
Charles discharging a weapon into the air when other persons were nearby their
homes in close proximity. The other persons nearby were afraid for their
safety. After an investigation and interviews were conducted, Charles was
arrested without further incident and remanded to the Fairbanks Correctional
Center.

For further information please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 17, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Panel Faults the Author of a 9/11 Essay

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 249 words

DATELINE: BOULDER, Colo., May 16


A University of Colorado committee released a report on Tuesday saying that
Prof. Ward L. Churchill, who wrote an essay comparing some World Trade Center
victims to Adolf Eichmann, had committed academic misconduct in research in his
main field, ethnic studies.

The Standing Committee on Research and Misconduct accepted the findings from a
five-member investigative panel that determined Professor Churchill, a professor
of ethnic studies, was guilty of plagiarism, misrepresentation of facts and
fabrication of scholarly work.

One example cited was Professor Churchill's misrepresenting facts when he
''deliberately embellished  historic claims regarding the General Allotment Act
of 1887.'' That law initiated the allotment of land to individual Indians as
their reservations were broken up for sale.

While unanimous on their findings, the five split on whether the professor
should be discharged or suspended. The standing committee will decide on
sanctions to recommend to the university next month.

The report also noted concern over the initiation of the inquiry after the last
year over the essay on the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. A university spokesman,
Barrie Hartman, said the accusations did not stem from that furor. Professor
Churchill's lawyer, David Lane, said the investigation was retaliation for the
essay.

''I think the committee has lost sight of their mission,'' Mr. Lane said.
Professor Churchill did not teach in the spring and has no scheduled plans to
teach in the fall.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company

                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

CWRU announces interim policy on sexual misconduct

LENGTH: 557  words

DATELINE: Cleveland


Case Western Reserve University has issued the following news release:

Case Western Reserve has adopted an interim policy on sexual misconduct that
responds to direction the United States Department of Education has issued to
all academic institutions that receive federal funds. The interim policy became
effective Saturday, Aug. 17, and will remain in force until a final policy is
approved later this academic year.

"Every member of our community must be treated with dignity and respect," said
Marilyn Sanders Mobley, vice president of the Office of Inclusion, Diversity and
Equal Opportunity. "This policy reiterates that sexual misconduct not only is a
violation of the institution's values, but also its rules and federal law."

The policy revisions address the government's guidance to academic institutions
regarding Title IX, the federal law prohibiting gender-related discrimination at
institutions receiving federal funds.

Along with other colleges and universities around the country, Case Western
Reserve assessed its policies and practices after receiving the education
department's communication. Per federal direction, the interim policy combines
the university's existing sexual assault and sexual harassment policies into one
document. It also expands definitions of sexual misconduct violations and
updates details of the hearing and appeals process.

As the university's designated Title IX coordinator, Mobley oversees the process
for addressing reported violations of the statutes that govern such misconduct
and co-authored the revised policy along with representatives of student affairs
and the general counsel's office. University officials will present the updates
to campus organizations in the coming months and seek suggestions for
improvement and clarification. Some elements of the policy will be open to
revision, while others must remain unchanged because of federal criteria and
guidelines.

"We look forward to making the community aware of these changes and receiving
input on ways to make the document clearer and more effective," said Louis W.
Stark, the university's vice president for student affairs. "These conversations
represent an opportunity to remind individuals what behavior constitutes
misconduct, and also to provide new details regarding the reporting obligations
that exist for those who become aware of such misconduct."

As with the existing policies, the interim policy states that someone who
becomes aware of misconduct must report it to the appropriate authorities. Under
the updates, this responsibility applies whether the individual personally
experienced or witnessed an incident or learned of it from someone else. The
university, rather than the individual, bears responsibility for determining
whether the event meets the definition of sexual misconduct, whether a violation
of the policy occurred, and what actions are necessary to address any policy
violation. The individual simply is obligated to report.

New students will be briefed on the interim policy as part of orientation this
week. Stark will review the document with student groups such as the
Undergraduate Student Government, Graduate Student Senate and others.
Organizations such as the Faculty Senate and Staff Advisory Council also will
receive presentations.

For more information please visit: http://cwru-daily.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday

Sexual misconduct allegations surface against former Scranton Jesuit

BYLINE: Joe McDonald, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


Dec. 01--Jesuit officials in Maryland are looking into allegations that a Jesuit
priest with ties to Scranton Preparatory School, the University of Scranton and
St. Thomas More Church in Lake Ariel sexually abused minors while in Scranton.

The Maryland Province of the Society of Jesus, in a news release, said it was
seeking information about possible "abuse of minors" by the Rev. Neil McLaughlin
"during his ministry in Scranton."

According to Jesuit officials in Maryland, the Rev. McLaughlin has "disclosed
that there may be other victims of similar sexual misconduct in the Diocese of
Scranton."

The Rev. McLaughlin taught at Scranton Prep, where he was the head of the
physics department, from 1961 to 1983. Besides teaching science courses to
seniors and freshmen, he also was involved in a variety of other duties,
including the Fathers Club, student trips abroad and cultural trips to major
cities. He later held various administrative jobs with the Alumni Association at
the University of Scranton, including Alumni Chaplain from 2002 through 2006,
the news release stated.

Bill Genello, a spokesman for the Diocese of Scranton, said all pastors in the
diocese have received a notice about the Rev. McLaughlin. He said it will be
published in church bulletins this weekend, posted on the diocesan website and
published in The Catholic Light newspaper next week.

"We are assisting the Maryland Province Society in outreach to any potential
victims," Mr. Genello said.

The University of Scranton also posted information on its website.

"I ask you to join me in praying for all those who may have been affected," said
the Rev. Scott R. Pilarz, president of the university.

Jesuit officials in Maryland said their inquiry stems from "recent information"
about possible victims in the Scranton area and a "credible allegation from an
adult female who contacted the Jesuits in 2008 regarding an abusive incident she
suffered as a young girl in Scranton in 1963. People who believe they are
victims of abuse by (the Rev.) McLaughlin should contact their local civil
authorities and then call the Maryland Province Jesuits at 1-443-921-1326."

The Rev. McLaughlin, who was removed from ministry by the Jesuits in 2006
following allegations of misconduct, lives in a Jesuit community where he has
limited contact with the public and "his actions are monitored."

Before his ordination while he was a Jesuit scholastic, he taught at St.
Joseph's Prep in Philadelphia and later at Loyola Blakefield High School in
Baltimore. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1959.

Lackawanna County District Attorney Andy Jarbola said he was unaware of any
criminal investigation involving the Rev. McLaughlin, adding he believed the
statue of limitations in prosecuting any alleged misconduct had probably run
out.

Contact the writer: jmcdonald@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101201-YT-Sexual-misconduct
-allegations-surface-against-former-Scranton-Jesuit-1201-20101201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune

                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 26, 2005

MN Court of Appeals rules jailed employee not entitled to unemployment pay

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 446  words


A jailed employee can be disqualified from receiving unemployment benefits even
though her employer failed to cooperate in her efforts to participate in a
work-release program, the Minnesota Court of Appeals has ruled.

The plaintiff was employed as an insurance specialist when she was convicted of
assault and sentenced to 30 days in jail. Knowing she was employed, the court
committed her to work release. The plaintiff claimed she met twice with her
supervisor and he told her he would be willing to verify her employment for work
release purposes, but he never did so. Shortly thereafter she was fired for
failing to report to work.

The plaintiff applied for unemployment benefits, but the state said she was
disqualified because she was discharged for misconduct.

An unemployment law judge ruled that the employer was not obligated to call and
verify the plaintiff's employment in order to allow her to continue her
attendance at work.

The appeals court agreed.

"We have previously held that '[a]bsence from work due to incarceration for
criminal acts is misconduct sufficient to disqualify an employee from receiving
unemployment compensation benefits. ' ... It is not the incarceration per se
that constitutes the misconduct; rather the misconduct is the absence from work
resulting from criminal activities. ... [Plaintiff] contends that her inability
to get to work was not her fault and argues that ... she was '[f]or all purposes
... able to work and her confinement in the workhouse posted no obstacle to her
employment. ' ... We disagree. ...

"[Plaintiff's] confinement did pose an obstacle to her employment. It is true
that, had her employer called to verify her employment, [plaintiff] would have
presumably participated in the work-release program and been present for work as
required. But it is also true that her employer did not call and that
[plaintiff] remained incarcerated and unable to attend work. ... [Plaintiff] did
not intend to disqualify herself from receiving benefits. Nevertheless, her
conduct led to her incarceration, which, in turn, caused her absence. "

Further, "it cannot be said that [plaintiff] bears 'no fault' for her
unemployment. Although the inaction of her employer may have played a role, the
fact remains that [plaintiff] engaged in the behavior that led to her
incarceration. Because [plaintiff's] own actions ultimately caused her failure
to report for work, her absence was misconduct sufficient to disqualify her from
receiving unemployment benefits. "

The court cited a similar ruling from Colorado.

Jenkins v. American Express Financial Corp. (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9931623)
Minnesota Court of Appeals No. A04-2308. Sept. 6, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 9, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Court: Tailhook cover-up tried

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 496 words


The Navy's top admiral saw sexual misconduct at the 1991 Tailhook convention and
tried to cover it up when he "manipulated" an initial investigation, a military
judge ruled Tuesday.

Capt. William Vest Jr. made the 111-page ruling in Norfolk, Va., as he dismissed
charges against three aviators who argued that Chief of Naval Operations Frank
Kelso's actions influenced their cases.

The latest legal twist in the Tailhook scandal makes it unlikely any officers
will be tried for misconduct at the infamous aviators meeting in Las Vegas. Only
the case of a Marine lieutenant colonel is still pending.

"It's been a long time coming," said Alan Bergstrom, lawyer for Cmdrs. Gregory
Tritt and Thomas Miller. "There has to be some accountability out of Adm.
Kelso's office."

Vest said Kelso erred in testimony last November that he was not on the third
floor of the Las Vegas Hilton the Saturday night aviators sexually harassed
dozens of women. The judge said testimony by "a substantial number" of witnesses
proves Kelso saw misconduct.

"This court specifically finds Adm. Kelso visited the third deck patio" and "was
exposed to incidents of inappropriate behavior . . . including public nudity and
'leg-shaving' activities."

The judge concluded Kelso used "unlawful command influence" to manipulate the
investigation and "shield his personal involvement."

Kelso had no comment.

Until now, Kelso had largely escaped blame in the Tailhook scandal. Former
Defense secretary Les Aspin last fall rejected Navy Secretary John Dalton's
recommendation to fire Kelso. The admiral received a letter of caution instead.

"Dalton may have had it right the first time," says Lynn Schuster of the Center
for Defense Information.

Dalton "has to feel very good," says Rep. Patricia Schroeder, D-Colo., who will
question Defense Secretary William Perry about Kelso at a House hearing today.
If Kelso lied, "I worry about what the bottom-line message will be."

But former assistant Navy secretary Barbara Pope says Vest reached "the wrong
conclusion."

"I don't think Frank Kelso was involved in a cover-up," Pope says. "The aviation
community was. They wanted to bury it."

It's unclear how Tuesday's ruling will affect Kelso's scheduled July retirement.

Vest said Kelso significantly influenced the officer he put in charge of
Tailhook prosecutions, Vice Adm. J. Paul Reason. Vest disqualified Reason from
overseeing the cases, which he could still refer to Dalton or send for
administrative discipline.

Miller, Tritt and Lt. David Samples' lawyers say a two-year statute of
limitations for discipline has expired. The three, who had been charged with
failing to stop misconduct by junior officers, say they'll reject administrative
punishment.

"I think it's the end, but it's hard to tell," Tritt said.

More than half of 140 Navy and Marine cases have been dismissed. More than 50
aviators have received administrative punishment. Three admirals have been
censured.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 7, 1994 Monday

BYLINE: Vicki Voskuil

LENGTH: 258 words


Court cases already exist in North Dakota's eastern Catholic diocese. Jeffrey
Anderson, a St. Paul, Minn., attorney specializing in civil actions involving
sex abuse by priests, represents three plaintiffs suing the Catholic Diocese of
Fargo, an Oriska church and the Rev.

David Wild. In all three lawsuits, men accuse Wild of sexual misconduct when
they were boys in the mid-1960s. After being put on administrative leave, Wild
resigned in May 1992 from Holy Cross Church in West Fargo. He also served at St.
Catherine's School in Valley City, St. Thomas Church in Buffalo and St.
Bernard's Church in Oriska, where an alleged incident occurred in the rectory.
People from the Bismarck diocese have sought Anderson's assistance in recent
years, but he hasn't taken their cases. Anderson told the Tribune the cases have
merit, but overwhelming demand for his services forces him to pick and choose.
Other charges of sexual misconduct levied in April 1994 accuse the Rev. John
Smythe, who served Catholic churches in Langdon and Ellendale between 1979 and
1983. Smythe now lives in Northern Ireland, where he was arrested to face
charges of sexual misconduct there with a young person. In North Dakota, about
half a dozen former altar servers allege Smythe engaged in improper conduct at
St. Alphonsus Church in Langdon. In 1989, retired priest Julius J. Binder of
Grand Forks, 76 at the time, pleaded guilty in Northeast Central District Court
to felony gross sexual imposition with a 14-year-old boy in 1988. His one-year
prison sentence was suspended.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday

Bar charges prosecutor with discovery misconduct

BYLINE: Peter Vieth

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 422  words


The Virginia State Bar has charged a prosecutor with ethical misconduct for
allegedly failing to share helpful evidence with a criminal defendant's
attorney.

Through her attorney, the prosecutor said she did not know about most of the
evidence in question, and did not believe that other evidence could have helped
the defense.

The charges against Archana J. McLoughlin of Williamsburg are set for a July 22
hearing in Winchester before a VSB disciplinary committee.

According to the bar's charge of misconduct, McLoughlin was an assistant
commonwealth's attorney in Clarke County handling an assault case. A court order
called for McLoughlin to deliver to the defense any exculpatory evidence in the
case file.

The evidence showed McLoughlin did not turn over a 911 tape and a police report
of an interview of the alleged victim, the bar said. Both items could have
helped the defendant, the bar said.

McLoughlin failed to turn over additional exculpatory evidence later delivered
to her office, the bar said.

McLoughlin allegedly told a bar investigator that a non-lawyer office manager
had the responsibility to review all criminal files for exculpatory evidence.

After being questioned about the case, McLoughlin resigned her position. She now
works in the Williamsburg commonwealth's attorney's office.

"The charge contains factual inaccuracies and erroneous conclusions," McLoughlin
said in a statement provided by her attorney. "I will vigorously defend against
these allegations and expect to be fully exonerated after the hearing," she
said.

McLoughlin is charged with violating an ethics rule that generally requires a
prosecutor to "make timely disclosure of the existence of evidence which the
prosecutor knows tends to negate the guilt of the accused, mitigate the degree
of the offense, or reduce the punishment. "

The prosecutor's knowledge is an element of the charge, said William W. Tunner
of Richmond, who represents McLoughlin.

Clarke County Commonwealth's Attorney Suzanne Mackall declined to address the
specific charge against McLoughlin because of the approaching hearing.

Mackall said her office "has always had an open file policy. "

In the underlying criminal case, the defendant was convicted in general district
court, according to Mackall. After questions were raised about the handling of
exculpatory evidence, a special prosecutor reviewed the file and dropped the
charges.

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                 June 22, 2009

U.S. District Court Case Summaries: June 22, 2009

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1065 words


Attorneys

Prosecutorial misconduct

Where an Assistant U.S. Attorney committed prosecutorial misconduct in
connection with false testimony by a police officer, this court has decided to
have a program presented on discovery in criminal cases involving judges,
defense lawyers and prosecutors.

"[T]he court is not appointing counsel to investigate and possibly prosecute
[Suzanne] Sullivan for criminal contempt of [an] order directing her to produce
all material exculpatory evidence prior to the commencement of [a] suppression
hearing on October 27, 2008. ... Such an appointment is not necessary or
appropriate because it does not appear that Ms. Sullivan specifically intended
to violate that order or intentionally misrepresented that she had done so. ...
However, the court does intend to institute criminal contempt proceedings in
future cases if there is good reason to be concerned that discovery orders have
been intentionally violated. ...

"[T]he court is deferring for at least six months the decision as to whether to
impose sanctions on the government and/or Ms. Sullivan for the misconduct in
this case. ..."

United States v. Jones (Lawyers Weekly No. 02-116-09) (48 pages) (Wolf, J.)
(USDC) (CR. No. 07-10289-MLW) (May 18, 2009).

Criminal

Untimely removal

Where a defendant being criminally prosecuted for three state-law misdemeanor
offenses had his case removed from Brighton District Court to the U.S. District
Court, I hold that the case must be remanded to state court because the removal
was untimely.

Commonwealth v. Azubuko (Lawyers Weekly No. 02-118-09) (5 pages) (Stearns, J.)
(USDC) (CR No. 09-10136-RGS) (May 21, 2009).

Jurisdiction

Removal - Diversity - Law firm employee

Where (1) a plaintiff filed a legal malpractice complaint in Massachusetts
Superior Court against a defendant New York law firm, (2) the defendant removed
the case to this court and (3) the plaintiff has moved for a remand, the motion
must be denied on the basis of the diversity of the parties' citizenship.

"On March 9, 2009, [plaintiff Gregory P.] Morson filed this motion to remand
alleging that complete diversity was lacking. Specifically, Morson maintains
that the Massachusetts citizenship of attorney Anthony Tarricone, [defendant]
Kreindler [& Kreindler]'s Resident Agent in Boston, is determinative of
Kreindler's citizenship for diversity purposes. ...

"Kreindler points out that as an unincorporated entity, it is the citizenship of
its partners, and not its employees, that is determinative of its own
citizenship. Because Tarricone is an employee of Kreindler, and not a partner,
his citizenship is irrelevant for purposes of a diversity analysis.

"In the alternative, Morson invokes the doctrine of partnership by estoppel. ...
Citing estoppel, Morson argues that even if Tarricone was a contract partner,
Kreindler held him out to the general public as a partner by listing him as a
partner on the firm's website. However, even if diversity jurisdiction can be
divested by an estoppel (a matter that is not entirely clear), Morson is unable
to satisfy the essential element of reliance. ..."

Morson v. Kreindler & Kreindler, LLP (Lawyers Weekly No. 02-117-09) (6 pages)
(Stearns, J.) (USDC) (Civil Action No. 09-10199-RGS) (May 15, 2009).

Products liability

Pharmaceutical sales

Where plaintiffs have alleged that the defendants engaged in a fraudulent scheme
to market a drug for "off-label" uses not approved by the Food and Drug
Administration, the defendants' motion to dismiss the complaints must be allowed
in part and denied in part.

"... Among other things, they allege that defendants' employees and sales
representatives fraudulently misrepresented Neurontin's safety and effectiveness
for off-label usage and failed to disclose studies indicating that Neurontin can
cause behavioral disturbances, depression, and suicidal actions.

"In 2006, the Court ruled that the original complaints were 'clearly deficient'
because they failed to allege that any of plaintiffs' physicians met with a
Pfizer liaison, attended a conference, or otherwise received the material
misrepresentation upon which she then relied. ... However, because the
information was exclusively within the control of the pharmaceutical companies
and the doctors, the Court allowed plaintiffs the opportunity for additional
discovery in fourteen 'pilot' cases. ...

"[T]he Court concludes that a manufacturer of a pharmaceutical has a duty to
disclose to physicians and patients material facts about the risks of the drug,
particularly when it is engaged in off-label marketing for uses not approved by
the FDA, if it knows that the plaintiff and/or his prescriber does not know or
cannot reasonably discover the undisclosed facts. ...

"[T]he Court allows the motion to dismiss all fraud claims alleging affirmative
misrepresentations or a suppression of information as part of a national
marketing campaign because there is no allegation of reliance on specific
statements or misrepresentations. ...

"The [Deborah] Valentine complaint alleges that on multiple occasions, the sales
representative promoted Neurontin as 'good' for off-label uses. ... This
complaint meets the strictures of Rule 9(b) by alleging the affirmative
misrepresentation with particularity. None of the remaining complaints, however,
contain comparable allegations of specific affirmative misrepresentations made
by sales representatives to prescribing physicians upon which the doctors
relied. Since plaintiffs had the opportunity to conduct discovery, amended
complaint allegations about affirmative misrepresentations based solely on
information and belief are inappropriate.

"Raising a theory of fraudulent suppression, plaintiffs respond that defendants
had a duty to disclose the depressive and suicidal side effects of Neurontin
when they knew that over 90 percent of the use would be off-label. Plaintiffs'
argument is persuasive. ...

"In the circumstances of this case, plaintiffs allege the elements necessary to
establish a claim of fraudulent concealment, namely that defendants
intentionally withheld material information about the side effects of Neurontin
from both consumers and their prescribing physicians, with the intent to
deceive. "

In Re: Neurontin Marketing, Sales Practices and Products Liability Litigation
(Lawyers Weekly No. 02-119-09) (34 pages) (Saris, J.) (USDC) (MDL Docket No.
1629; Master File No. 04-10981) (May 26, 2009).

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Claremore Daily Progress (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

Grand jury reviewing misconduct accusations reconvenes in OKC

BYLINE: Claremore Daily Progress, Okla.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words


April 15--OKLAHOMA CITY _ The multicounty grand jury charged with investigating
accusations of misconduct by Rogers County officials reconvenes today in
Oklahoma City.

Grand jury proceedings are confidential and so it is not known whom among the
Rogers County officials has been called to testify or what evidence the jurors
are reviewing.

Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt directed the multicounty grand jury in
October to investigate "multiple allegations of wrongdoing by public officials
and others in Rogers County." He acted after a judge rejected a citizens
petition for a local grand jury inquiry.

The multicounty or state grand jury has been considering other accusations of
official misconduct from around Oklahoma since it was established more than a
year-and-a-half ago. It is led by Assistant State Attorney General Megan Tilly,
chief of the AG's Multicounty Grand Jury Unit.

The grand jury has jurisdiction to investigate criminal matters in all 77
counties. Each month, jurors meet to hear testimony for two to three days. The
proceedings are closed to the public.

___ (c)2014 Claremore Daily Progress (Claremore, Okla.) Visit the Claremore
Daily Progress (Claremore, Okla.) at claremoreprogress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140415-XO-0415-COUNTY-MISCONDUCT-20140415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XO


                    Copyright 2014 Claremore Daily Progress

                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2011 Monday

Study: Test scores linked with violence

BYLINE: Mia Light, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1161 words


Nov. 07--Public schools that rank the lowest in student achievement are also
among the most violent in Pennsylvania, according to an analysis by The
Commonwealth Foundation.

The Harrisburg-based, free-market think tank recently published a report that
compares data on incidents of school violence to student test scores in the
worst-performing schools in the state. Not surprisingly, the analysis found
schools that are failing academically are also racked by violence.

"When the 'Three Rs' have turned from reading, writing and (a)'rithmetic to run,
report and recover, we don't have a state of education, we have a state of
emergency," said Matthew J. Brouillette, president and CEO of the foundation in
a written statement that accompanied the analysis.

Data on school violence was extracted from the state Department of Education's
Safe Schools Online, a database of incidents of student violence and weapons
possession in public schools statewide. The data includes information on the
type of misconduct; the offender's gender, ethnicity, age and grade; the
location of the incident, and how it was adjudicated.

Student-achievement data was culled from the Pennsylvania System of School
Assessment (PSSA) scores.

According to the analysis, more than 4,500 criminal acts occurred at the 141
public schools scoring worst in the PSSA tests in the 2009-10 school year.

Schools in Allentown, Erie, Harrisburg, Lancaster, Lebanon, Philadelphia,
Pittsburgh, Reading and York were among the lowest rates of academic performance
with high rates of violence, according to the report.

Hazleton Area

The Hazleton Area School District ranked 401st out of the 500 school districts
in the state in 2010 PSSA scores. As a whole, Hazleton Area achieved adequate
yearly progress under federal No Child Left Behind goals in 2010 and is not
among the 5 percent worst-performing districts in the state.

Hazleton Area logged 137 incidents of misconduct in the 2009-10 school year
according to Safe Schools Online data. Sixty-five of those incidents involved
response from a law enforcement agency, and 88 resulted in an arrest.

In the 2010-11 school year, Hazleton Area reported 125 incidents, 85 of which
involved law enforcement with 93 subsequent arrests.

Acting Superintendent Francis X. Antonelli said it's an unfortunate fact of life
that incidents of misconduct, some of which rise to the criminal level, happen
in a district as large as Hazleton Area, with its 12 school buildings and
student population of about 10,700. The high school campus alone supports about
3,500 students, Antonelli said.

"It's a large school district -- 17th largest of the 500 districts in the state.
Unfortunately, in a district this size, you are going to have incidents," he
said. "Larger schools have more incidents than small schools."

Safe Schools Online data includes all incidents of student misconduct, from
disorderly conduct and tobacco possession to weapon possession and sexual
assault, in one annual report.

Incidents reported in Hazleton Area for 2010-11 data include one aggravated
assault on a student, seven simple assaults, two assaults on staff, eight
incidents of harassment or intimidation, 30 fights, one sexual assault, two
incidents of sexual harassment, four threats against a school official or
student, one incident of reckless endangerment, six thefts, one bullying
incident, one terroristic threat, seven incidents of disorderly conduct, 10
knife possession incidents, one BB gun or pellet gun possession incident, nine
incidents of possession of "other" weapons, three incidents of vandalism, eight
incidents of possession of a controlled substance and 23 incidents of tobacco
possession.

Antonelli said the district's proactive defense against criminal acts and
misconduct centers around its staff of 20 security officers, a full-time student
resource officer (SRO), who is a district-employed police officer, and one
on-campus Pennsylvania State Police trooper.

Both the SRO and the trooper have arrest powers, prosecution powers and are
armed, Antonelli said.

The 20 unarmed security officers monitor student movement and activities,
conduct investigations and report findings to the SRO or the trooper. The
security staff also deliver educational crime prevention and safety programs to
students.

"I feel we have a comprehensive approach when situations do arise," Antonelli
said. "We have a well-trained security staff and they react appropriately when
situations arise."

Fighting and tobacco possession are the two most frequently occurring
infractions in Hazleton Area.

It's no surprise, Antonelli said, that the failing schools with high crime rates
listed in the Commonwealth Foundation report are predominantly inner-city
schools in urban locations.

"Schools are a reflection of the community they serve," he said.

A loss of funding

Despite the correlation between crime and academically failing schools,
Antonelli said Gov. Tom Corbett's proposed school choice voucher system may not
be the best solution.

Corbett's plan would allow low-income families in the worst 5 percent of
academically failing schools in the state to send their children to better
schools, including private or parochial schools, with the taxpayer paying the
tuition.

The Commonwealth Foundation supports expansion of school choice programs in
Pennsylvania, including the Education Improvement Tax Credit program, charter
schools and school choice vouchers.

"As many adults debate whether a school rescue bill is needed in Pennsylvania,
children trapped in these violent and failing public schools are forced to
survive unconscionable, undeniable and unacceptable conditions," the
foundation's Matthew Brouillette said.

If the voucher systems pulls low-income students and state education funding out
of failing schools, Antonelli asked, then what happens to the children of
medium-income families who will be left behind?

"When you allow students to transfer out of an under-performing school, the
state education dollars follow that student out of the district. Taking
financial resources away from under-performing districts creates even more of a
hardship," Antonelli said.

"It's pretty hard to argue the school they're leaving will only become worse
once you pull the resources from it," he said. "What's going to be left?"

Instead of pulling students and funding away from failing schools, Antonelli
suggested refocusing the funding on improved resources for students in
struggling schools.

"Channel that money into these schools to provide added security and provide
students with the resources and services they need to succeed," he said.

Corbett's plan was approved by the state Senate and is awaiting a vote in the
House.

Antonelli said he hopes legislators will "consider all the implications" when
deliberating the proposal.

mlight@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2011 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111107-ZX-Study-Test-scores-linked-with-violence-1107-20111107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2011 Standard-Speaker

                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 11, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Retired general faces charges of misconduct

BYLINE:  Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 293 words


Nearly a year after the Army allowed Maj. Gen. David Hale to retire
while he was being investigated for sexual misconduct, the service
has charged Hale with having "improper relationships" with the
wives of four subordinate officers and then lying about it.

Lashed for more than a year by critics saying there are different
standards for officers and enlisted soldiers, the Army announced
Thursday that Hale will face the military equivalent of a grand
jury proceeding as early as next month.

Hale is charged with 17 counts of making false official statements,
conduct unbecoming an officer and obstruction of justice. His
pretrial hearing will be at Fort Lewis, Wash.

Col. Gary Holland, a military judge, will recommend whether Hale
should be court-martialed, given a lesser administrative punishment
or whether some or all of the charges should be dropped.

Only two general or flag officers have been court-martialed since
1950. Only Navy Rear Adm. Seldon Hooper, convicted of sodomy in
1957, was tried after he retired.

Hale retired in February just four months after becoming the Army's
deputy inspector general, whose job is to investigate wrongdoing.

In a report released this summer, the Pentagon's inspector general,
Eleanor Hill, concluded that Hale "engaged in a pattern of inappropriate
behavior" that included adultery, misuse of government funds
for travel and making false and misleading statements about his
conduct.

Hale has refused to comment on the allegations, although he has
denied them to Army investigators.

If convicted of all charges, he faces a maximum of 56 years in
prison, fines and dismissal from the Army, which would result
in a loss of all retirement pay and benefits.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 4, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

McKinney, on stand, tells his side Denies any harassment, misconduct

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 810 words

DATELINE: FORT BELVOIR, Va.


FORT BELVOIR, Va. -- The Army's former top enlisted soldier got
his day in court Tuesday, more than a year after allegations of
sexual misconduct against him surfaced and a month after his closely
watched court-martial began.

Command Sgt. Maj. Gene McKinney denied he had propositioned six
service women or engaged in other misconduct.

"No sir, I committed none of the offenses," McKinney, 47, told
defense lawyer Lt. Col. James Gerstenlauer.


Testifying for the first time under oath, McKinney discussed a
1996 business trip to Hawaii. He said that on the night that Sgt.
Maj. Brenda Hoster claims he forcibly kissed her and propositioned
her, he had gone to her hotel room to tell her that they could
no longer work together.

He said he did not touch her.

McKinney said Hoster's work was often late or done poorly. He
said he told her, "It's time you seek employment elsewhere."

Until the charges against him led to his reassignment, McKinney
held the post of Sergeant Major of the Army. As No. 1 among the
400,000 enlisted men and women, he was responsible for their interests.
Although not an officer, he had standing equivalent to a three-star
general.

Hoster, a lower-ranked sergeant major, was his press officer.
She left the Army soon after the Hawaii trip. She went public
with her accusation after McKinney was named to a commission investigating
sexual harassment in the Army. The other five women then brought
their charges.

McKinney, testifying softly but firmly, offered a portrait of
himself as a concerned but demanding mentor whose intentions toward
his six accusers were professional and paternal.

He told of how his 291/2-year career began when he fled the riot-torn
streets of Detroit, where he had lived after a childhood in poverty
in Tallahassee, Fla. How, after a tour in Vietnam, he left the
service, disgusted by racial tensions at Fort Bragg, N.C. And
how, after marrying, he obeyed his mother's wishes and rejoined
the Army to support his wife, Wilhemina, while she attended college.

McKinney related how he rose through the ranks to become one of
five finalists for Sergeant Major of the Army. His identical twin,
James, who sat next to a tearful Wilhemina McKinney in the courtroom,
also was finalist.

The case against McKinney, a popular black leader, has been framed
as a morality tale of how the military handles the issues of sex
and race. But McKinney put the case in personal terms.

"I tried my best to keep in touch with young soldiers. To listen
to soldiers," he testified.

When he repeatedly telephoned Staff Sgt. Christine Roy, who said
he forced her to have intercourse when she was seven months pregnant,
there was nothing amorous about it, he said. He said he was only
counseling her, as he did hundreds of other soldiers.

At the time she said they had sex, he testified, he was changing
the oil in his car at a do-it-yourself auto repair shop. Prosecutors
noted last week that a shop sign-in sheet appeared to show that
McKinney had signed it in a color of ink different from the 12
other signatures.

McKinney said he had turned Roy down for a job because he was
concerned that her pregnancy meant she could not handle its pressures
and travel. He said she told him she was so upset that she was
considering having an abortion so she could take the job.

"I don't know how she could have done that," said McKinney,
who had lost his only child, son Zuberi, 18, in a car crash in
1996. "I think there's a child in this world because I stayed
in touch with Sgt. Roy."

By day's end, McKinney had discussed what happened between him
and five of his accusers. He is expected to testify about the
sixth today, and prosecutors will get a chance to cross-examine
him.

McKinney is on trial on 19 charges, including indecent assault,
adultery, making threats and obstructing justice. If convicted,
he faces up to 551/2 years in prison, a dishonorable discharge
and loss of retirement benefits.

His accusers -- four enlisted Army women, a Navy enlisted woman
and an Army officer who did not know each other before they lodged
their charges -- have told similar stories. Some said he told
them he could help their careers, reminding them that he was "a
powerful man who can make things happen." Some said he asked
for "comfort," in the form of sexual favors, to cope with his
son's death. They said he promised them sexual thrills.

The defense countered with 68 witnesses before McKinney. From
boyhood friends to a retired four-star general, they lauded his
character and professionalism as a role model.

More than half questioned the credibility of the accusers. Witnesses
described them, one by one, as liars, people who exaggerated or
ambitious careerists out for publicity, promotion or revenge.

LOAD-DATE: March 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Dennis Cook, AP; PHOTO, B/W, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 January 23, 1998, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

PRO HOCKEY;
Eagleson disbarred for misconduct

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 07E

LENGTH: 436 words


The Law Society of Upper Canada has disbarred NHL Players' Association founder
and former player agent Alan Eagleson.

The law society's 44-member governing body approved the recommendation of a
one-member disciplinary committee.

At a Tuesday hearing, Eagleson was accused of 44 counts of professional
misconduct at which his lawyer, Brian Greenspan, appeared on his behalf.

Eagleson recently pleaded guilty to two counts of mail fraud in a U.S. district
court in Boston and was ordered to pay about $ 700,000 in restitution to his
former clients. A day later, Eagleson pleaded guilty to three counts of fraud in
a Canadian court. He is serving an 18-month sentence in a medium-security prison
in Mimico, Ontario.

It has been a dramatic fall from grace for Eagleson, who organized the Summit
series in September 1972 between Canada and the Soviet Union and five Canada Cup
tournaments. He had been awarded the Order of Canada, the country's top honor.

Eagleson still faces a lawsuit from former players accusing him of collusion
with NHL owners. The Hockey Hall of Fame, which inducted Eagleson in 1989, will
consider expelling him at its annual board meeting on March 31.

Chicago re-signs Probert

The Chicago Blackhawks re-signed Bob Probert to a three-year contract,
preventing the veteran enforcer from becoming an unrestricted free agent on July
1. The 32-year-old left wing has played in only seven games this season due to
knee and shoulder injuries. He has two goals, one assist and 27 penalty minutes.
The Blackhawks signed Probert, the NHL's sixth all-time penalty minute leader
with 2,680, as a free agent in 1994 after nine seasons with the Detroit Red
Wings.

The 6-foot-3, 225-pound Probert has 144 goals, 181 assists and 2,680 penalty
minutes in 641 games during his career.

He has been suspended by the NHL twice during his career for violating its
substance abuse policies and missed the entire 1994-95 season before being
reinstated in April 1995.

Financial terms of the contract weren't disclosed. Probert is making $ 1.6
million this season.

Montreal's Ulanov out

Montreal Canadiens defenseman Igor Ulanov will be out at least a month with a
sprained medial collateral ligament in his left knee.

Ulanov, acquired by Montreal in a six-player trade with the Tampa Bay Lightning
last week, collided with defense partner Peter Popovic in the first period of
Wednesday's 4-2 win over the Boston Bruins and had to leave the game, his first
with Montreal.

Ulanov had two goals, seven assists and 85 penalty minutes in 45 games with
Tampa Bay prior to the trade.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          August 16, 1993, Monday, AM

Lawyer's misconduct trial alarms feminist groups

BYLINE: By Stephen Bindman (SOUTHAM NEWS) SPECIAL TO THE STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - The professional misconduct trial of a prominent Metro family lawyer
that began today is being watched with alarm by feminist groups and advocates
for abused women.

Carole Curtis is accused of advising another lawyer that a woman involved in a
messy custody dispute should hide her child from her husband, contrary to a
court order.

The well-known feminist lawyer is also charged with advising a social worker
that the mother - who had gone into hiding - obtain false identification for
herself and the child.

Curtis, 43, is a member of the governing council of the Law Society of Upper
Canada, which regulates Ontario's lawyers, and the first bencher to face
professional misconduct charges.

If convicted by a three-member disciplinary panel, Curtis could be disbarred.
She has voluntarily resigned as a bencher while the charges are dealt with.

"Carole is really a model of someone who works tirelessly on behalf of women and
children," said Sharon Greene of the Barbra Schlifer Commemorative Clinic, which
helps abused women.

"If someone like that can be penalized for trying to protect a child from
another incident of abuse, then it will be a very black day for women and
children."

According to the law society, Curtis was acting for a Sault Ste. Marie woman who
was appealing a court order giving custody of her daughter, now 6, to the
child's father.

During the original trial, the woman claimed her ex-husband had sexually abused
the girl but the allegations were rejected by the judge, who ordered the
youngster turned over to the father April 28, 1990.

After the trial, the mother alleged the child was again sexually abused during a
visit.

Curtis wrote a letter to the mother's trial lawyer urging her to "seriously
consider not allowing this child to be transferred to her father" on the date
that he was to take custody.

"We appreciate this is a very serious step and will put her in breach of a court
order," Curtis wrote.

"We strongly urge that she not disappear with the child but that rather, she
keep the father advised at all times that the child is safe.

"However, if there is any likelihood that he will attend with the police and a
certified copy of the (court) order, then she should not be at her home."

The day before the father was to assume custody, the woman disappeared with the
daughter and stayed in hiding until the spring of 1991.

The law society alleges that during that time, Curtis communicated with her once
by telephone and a second time through a social worker.

Curtis is charged with bringing "the administration of justice into disrepute."

Through her lawyer, John Laskin, Curtis has denied the allegations "in their
entirety."

SOUTHAM NEWS

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

FBI Director: Law enforcement needs to gather data on use of deadly force

BYLINE: Julia Bergman, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


Oct. 21--NEW LONDON -- The head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation on
Thursday demanded that law enforcement officials across the country begin to
gather data on the use of deadly force.

"Nobody in the United States has any idea whether black people or brown people
or white people are being shot at increased rates, decreased rates or flat rates
over the last three, five or 10 years," FBI Director James B. Comey said.
"Nobody knows."

During a speech at the Coast Guard Academy, Comey echoed many of the same points
he made during a gathering of police chiefs in San Diego earlier this week.

The absence of this deadly force data, he said, has created a "narrative ...
that law enforcement is engaging in an epidemic of violence directed at black
men."

"That's the narrative of the United States because those are the images we see.
Those are the videos we see," Comey continued. "Videos of gut-wrenching
misconduct, videos of possible misconduct, videos of perceived misconduct."

In recent months and years, videos of black men being fatally shot by police
widely have been circulated, including the recent cellphone video recording of
the killing of Keith Scott, a 43-year-old black man, in Charlotte last month.

Comey's speech was part of an ongoing lecture series that has brought top
officials such as Sandra Day O'Connor, the first woman to be appointed to the
U.S. Supreme Court, and former Central Intelligence Agency Director George Tenet
to speak to cadets and officer candidates at the academy.

Under the glass on his desk, Comey keeps a copy of the FBI's 1960 request to
wiretap Martin Luther King Jr. The request is on the same part of his desk where
each morning Comey puts a stack "thicker than his wrist" of wiretap applications
to be submitted as part of the FBI's national security investigations. The 1960
request is the starting point for a curriculum focused on MLK Jr. at the FBI's
training academy, he said.

Several times during his speech, Comey referred to "the chasm" between law
enforcement and communities of color, "especially the black community."

He pointed to the FBI's effort to bring together civilians and law enforcement,
the need for officers to "get out of their cars" and for the general public to
face the problem, which is "most evident" in cities with the highest violent
crime rates, and not "drive around" it.

Comey fears that the recent controversy around law enforcement "will deter great
young people of all backgrounds from joining law enforcement."

During his speech, he addressed a subject that probably nobody in the room
thought he would: Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's use of a
private email server. Comey recommended that charges not be brought against
Clinton.

He said the FBI's investigation into Clinton was conducted by a group of its
"very best" special agents, an "all-star team." He noted that "seven layers" of
supervisors approved the decision, including, finally, himself.

He did acknowledged his decision to weigh in with a recommendation "was
unprecedented," and that it would cause "a lot of ruckus." He said he did so to
"give the American people a sense that this was done in a right way by the right
people ... the FBI is honest, confident and independent and I very much wanted
the American people to see that."

In addressing the cadets specifically, who are "all going to have security
clearances," Comey said if they work for the FBI and use an "unclassified email
system to communicate about things that were classified ... you would be in
trouble in the FBI."

"You would be subject to a severe discipline process. You might lose your job.
You might be suspended. You might lose your clearance. There would be
significant consequences for that behavior, I am highly confident of that," he
said.

But he was more than highly confident, he was "certain," that "you would not be
prosecuted," he said, because he's personally "gone through every case in the
last 50 years."

j.bergman@theday.com

___ (c)2016 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161021-NL-FBI-Director-Law-enforcement-needs-to-gather-data-on-use-of-deadly-f
orce-1021-20161021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2016 The Day

                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 22, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

2 Marines Charged With Rape;
Accusations Are Latest in Scandal at Mo. Training School

BYLINE: Steve Vogel, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 753 words


Two Marine Corps instructors have been charged with raping trainees at a
military base in Missouri, accusations that significantly heighten the
seriousness of a scandal involving sexual misconduct at a Marine training
school.

In April, six Marine instructors were charged and one convicted in connection
with the alleged misconduct, involving a Marine training detachment based at
Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri and supervised from Quantico Marine Corps Base in
Virginia. While the previous charges involved offenses such as sexual harassment
and inappropriate sexual relations, none of the instructors had been charged
with rape.

Now, Marine prosecutors are moving forward with rape charges against two of the
instructors, including Howard Ross, of Baltimore, a former staff sergeant who
has been described as a central figure in the alleged misconduct.

In addition, a charge of obstruction of justice has been brought against another
Marine instructor who is accused of interfering with the criminal inquiry by
telling a student not to cooperate with investigators.

Ross, 34, now a private after his conviction in April on other charges in
connection with the case, is in the brig at Quantico facing new charges of
sexual harassment, sexual intercourse and theft from students, in addition to
the rape charge.

Staff Sgt. Bernard Smith, 29, of Chesterfield, S.C., also an instructor, is
charged with rape, having sex with students, drinking alcohol and fraternizing
with students, and assaulting students.

The rape allegations against Ross and Smith involve separate incidents and two
victims. Both incidents are alleged to have occurred in June 2000. Ross and
Smith each face potential life sentences if convicted of the rape charges.

Marine Corps officials confirmed the rape charges in response to a query from
The Washington Post.

"The allegations of rape are unquestionably of a very serious nature, not that
it hadn't been serious before," said Maj. Timothy Keefe, a spokesman for
Quantico.

The allegations involve the Marine Corps Motor Transport Instruction Company,
where each year 3,800 Marines fresh out of basic training are taught how to
handle military trucks and other vehicles.

The sexual misconduct at Fort Leonard Wood has been an embarrassment for the
Marine Corps, but has been nothing like the firestorm that engulfed the Army
after allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced in 1996 at Aberdeen Proving
Ground in Maryland. A dozen drill instructors at the Army training school were
eventually charged with sex crimes. Letters of reprimand were issued to
Aberdeen's commanding general and three other senior officers.

When news of the first Fort Leonard Wood allegations was released in April,
Marine officials sought to discourage comparisons with Aberdeen by pointing out
that none of the Marine instructors had been accused of rape.

"During the course of the investigation, additional allegations were made and
investigated," Keefe said.

The new charges, in addition to darkening the nature of the offenses, raise
concerns that students may not have told investigators all that was going on and
that the extent of the misconduct may not be known.

Pretrial hearings are expected this fall for Ross and Smith, while the
investigation into their conduct is continuing, Keefe said.

Ross pleaded guilty in April to charges of fraternization with a student,
maltreatment of a student through sexual harassment, stealing money from
students, and transportation, receipt and possession of child pornography.

Special courts-martial have been set for five other Marine instructors beginning
next month at Quantico. Each of the five faces as much as six months'
confinement, and all are assigned to administrative duties at Quantico pending
their trials.

Staff Sgt. Steve A. Rosario, 30, of Erie, Pa., is charged with fraternization
with a student and sexual harassment. Staff Sgt. Eric M. Taylor, 31, of Lamar,
Ga., is charged with fraternization, sexual harassment and alcohol offense.
Staff Sgt. Grenz B. Henry, 36, of San Diego, is charged with alcohol offenses,
fraternization, being drunk on duty and assaulting a student by grabbing his
throat.

Staff Sgt. Kenneth Wilson, 34, of Anson County, N.C., is charged with assault in
connection with allegedly striking students with a wooden stick.

Sgt. Thad L. Kelley is accused of telling a student to lie to investigators. In
addition to the obstruction of justice charge, Kelley, 24, of Adams, Neb., is
charged with sexual harassment.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post

                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 22, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

2 Marines Charged With Rape in Training Scandal

BYLINE: Steve Vogel, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 753 words


Two Marine Corps instructors have been charged with raping trainees at a
military base in Missouri, accusations that significantly heighten the
seriousness of a scandal involving sexual misconduct at a Marine training
school.

In April, six Marine instructors were charged and one convicted in connection
with the alleged misconduct, involving a Marine training detachment based at
Fort Leonard Wood in Missouri and supervised from Quantico Marine Corps Base in
Virginia. While the previous charges involved offenses such as sexual harassment
and inappropriate sexual relations, none of the instructors had been charged
with rape.

Now, Marine prosecutors are moving forward with rape charges against two of the
instructors, including Howard Ross, of Baltimore, a former staff sergeant who
has been described as a central figure in the alleged misconduct.

In addition, a charge of obstruction of justice has been brought against another
Marine instructor who is accused of interfering with the criminal inquiry by
telling a student not to cooperate with investigators.

Ross, 34, now a private after his conviction in April on other charges in
connection with the case, is in the brig at Quantico facing new charges of
sexual harassment, sexual intercourse and theft from students, in addition to
the rape charge.

Staff Sgt. Bernard Smith, 29, of Chesterfield, S.C., also an instructor, is
charged with rape, having sex with students, drinking alcohol and fraternizing
with students, and assaulting students.

The rape allegations against Ross and Smith involve separate incidents and two
victims. Both incidents are alleged to have occurred in June 2000. Ross and
Smith each face potential life sentences if convicted of the rape charges.

Marine Corps officials confirmed the rape charges in response to a query from
The Washington Post.

"The allegations of rape are unquestionably of a very serious nature, not that
it hadn't been serious before," said Maj. Timothy Keefe, a spokesman for
Quantico.

The allegations involve the Marine Corps Motor Transport Instruction Company,
where each year 3,800 Marines fresh out of basic training are taught how to
handle military trucks and other vehicles.

The sexual misconduct at Fort Leonard Wood has been an embarrassment for the
Marine Corps, but has been nothing like the firestorm that engulfed the Army
after allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced in 1996 at Aberdeen Proving
Ground in Maryland. A dozen drill instructors at the Army training school were
eventually charged with sex crimes. Letters of reprimand were issued to
Aberdeen's commanding general and three other senior officers.

When news of the first Fort Leonard Wood allegations was released in April,
Marine officials sought to discourage comparisons with Aberdeen by pointing out
that none of the Marine instructors had been accused of rape.

"During the course of the investigation, additional allegations were made and
investigated," Keefe said.

The new charges, in addition to darkening the nature of the offenses, raise
concerns that students may not have told investigators all that was going on and
that the extent of the misconduct may not be known.

Pretrial hearings are expected this fall for Ross and Smith, while the
investigation into their conduct is continuing, Keefe said.

Ross pleaded guilty in April to charges of fraternization with a student,
maltreatment of a student through sexual harassment, stealing money from
students, and transportation, receipt and possession of child pornography.

Special courts-martial have been set for five other Marine instructors beginning
next month at Quantico. Each of the five faces as much as six months'
confinement, and all are assigned to administrative duties at Quantico pending
their trials.

Staff Sgt. Steve A. Rosario, 30, of Erie, Pa., is charged with fraternization
with a student and sexual harassment. Staff Sgt. Eric M. Taylor, 31, of Lamar,
Ga., is charged with fraternization, sexual harassment and alcohol offense.
Staff Sgt. Grenz B. Henry, 36, of San Diego, is charged with alcohol offenses,
fraternization, being drunk on duty and assaulting a student by grabbing his
throat.

Staff Sgt. Kenneth Wilson, 34, of Anson County, N.C., is charged with assault in
connection with allegedly striking students with a wooden stick.

Sgt. Thad L. Kelley is accused of telling a student to lie to investigators. In
addition to the obstruction of justice charge, Kelley, 24, of Adams, Neb., is
charged with sexual harassment.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post

                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                    December 18, 2001 Tuesday Final Edition

Nedved nets a pair

SOURCE: News Services

SECTION: Sports; Pg. A48

LENGTH: 323 words

FLORIDA 2 N.Y. RANGERS 4

In New York, Petr Nedved scored two goals and led the Rangers to a 4-2 win over
the Florida Panthers.

Nedved's 11th goal at 15:33 of the third period came from point-blank range,
1:36 after Mark Messier broke a 2-2 tie with his seventh of the season.

Florida took a 1-0 lead on Lance Ward's first NHL goal 3:37 into the game. Denis
Shvidki made it 2-0 with his first goal of the season 1:25 later when his shot
from behind the net bounced in off Rangers netminder Dan Blackburn, squeezing
in-side the right post.

A melee broke out after a run-in between Florida's Peter Worrell and Rangers
forward Theo Fleury at 7:28. New York's Sandy McCarthy received a game
misconduct for being the third man in, and Fleury was ejected with a double game
misconduct.

The Rangers won their second straight game without centre Eric Lindros, who is
day-to-day with a knee injury.

TAMPA BAY 4 MONTREAL 3

Martin St. Louis scored two goals, including the winner less than a minute into
the third period, and the visiting Tampa Bay Lightning downed the Montreal
Canadiens 4-3 Monday night.

Doug Gilmour, amid reports he planned on retiring, had one of his strongest
efforts in a Canadiens uniform with a goal and an assist.

Before the game, Gilmour denied that he's contemplating retirement.

"I find the rumours upsetting," Gilmour, 38, was quoted on Sportsnet's Web site
(www.sportsnet.ca).

"Nothing has been discussed between me and the Montreal Canadiens organization
regarding me quitting."

CHICAGO 2 DETROIT 0

Jocelyn Thibault stopped 28 shots and Alexei Zhamnov and Mark Bell scored as the
Chicago Blackhawks defeated the Red Wings 2-0 in Detroit.

Thibault's second shut-out this season, 23rd in his career, helped Chicago
extend its unbeaten streak at Joe Louis Arena to seven games (5-0-2). The loss
ended Detroit goalie Manny Legace's unbeaten streak at 19 games (17-0-2) over
355 days.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Reuters; The Rangers' Theoren Fleury is restrained by
linesman Pat Dapuzzo as he argues with referee Blaine Angus (right) after being
ejected from Monday night's game.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

INDICTMENT OF TALLAHASSEE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 410 words


The Leon County grand jury asked itself a very important question: Why did
former Florida House Speaker Ray Sansom, R-Destin, slip $6 million into the
budget to build an airplane hangar for Northwest Florida State College?

The grand jury already had decided that the cover story -- the college would use
it to train emergency workers -- was bogus. So, why would Rep. Sansom and former
college President James Richburg finagle the money? The real answer, grand
jurors decided, was to help Jay Odom, a developer, jet service owner and big
donor to Rep. Sansom and the GOP.

So, on Wednesday the grand jury, which had indicted Rep. Sansom for official
misconduct and Mr. Richburg for official misconduct and perjury, indicted Mr.
Odom for official misconduct. How could Mr. Odom, who's not a public official,
be guilty of official misconduct? Simple, the grand jury said: "Jay Alan Odom, a
developer, did unlawfully encourage, assist or advise Raymond Edward Sansom
and/or James Robert Richburg, to actually commit or attempt to commit" official
misconduct by "falsifying" the 2007-08 state budget.

The falsification was pretending that the money was for the college when it was
to house Mr. Odom's jets. Recently released e-mails indicate that Rep. Sansom
knew that Mr. Odom intended to lease the facility from the college. Because Rep.
Sansom had denied knowing of Mr. Odom's intention, the grand jury also charged
him with perjury.

One 2007 e-mail from Richburg to Sansom contains the cryptic reference that "the
project began with us in Port Saint Lucy (sic) on our visit to Senator Pruitt
two years ago." Sen. Ken Pruitt, who has consulted an attorney, remembers the
meeting in "broad context." He says they didn't discuss the $6 million hangar
request but did talk in general about planning for a Homeland Security/Public
Safety facility at Indian River State College. That facility will open this
fall.

The idea of falsifying a budget might perplex a jury. That's another reason why
Florida should adopt an honest services fraud statute similar to the one that
has let federal prosecutors attack corruption in Palm Beach County. House
Majority Leader Adam Hasner, R-Boca Raton, claimed that Rep. Sansom, who helped
Northwest Florida State College get $30million-plus in added or accelerated
money and then took a $110,000 job at the school, was duped by Mr. Richburg.
With Mr. Odom's indictment, the public can better understand why Rep. Sansom has
legal problems.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday

Urgent Avs bury Wild: Torrid first period puts Colorado in control of critical
playoff game.

BYLINE: Tracy Renck, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 924 words


Apr. 16--DENVER -- Playing with a sense of urgency was just the tonic that the
Colorado Avalanche needed.

Andrew Brunette, Wojtek Wolski and Tyler Arnason each scored first-period goals,
powering the Avs to a 5-1 win over the Minnesota Wild late Tuesday night in Game
4 of the Western Conference quarterfinals at the Pepsi Center.

"This was a crucial part of the series," Colorado left wing Ryan Smyth said. "We
wanted to win here at home and get the fans on our side and go into their
building all tied up. We have a good hockey team with guys who know what it
takes to win."

The series is tied at 2-2. The teams will travel today before playing Game 5 at
7 p.m. Thursday at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul, Minn. Game 6 is Saturday
at a yet-to-be determined time at the Pepsi Center.

"This feels good," said Colorado's Ruslan Salei, who had a goal and an assist.
"This was a huge win for us."

Like in the previous three games, Colorado took a 1-0 lead. That came when
Andrew Brunette slapped the puck in at 4:01 of the first period. Salei and
Jordan Leopold were credited with assists.

Unlike the other three games, however, the Avs never took their foot off the gas
pedal.

Just 96 seconds later, Wolski zipped the puck past Minnesota goalie Niklas
Backstrom's right shoulder, putting Colorado up 2-0.

With Backstrom reeling, Tyler Arnason blasted a slap shot into the back of the
net at 11:08 of the first period. It was Arnason's first career playoff goal.

"We weren't happy with the way we played (in Game 3)," said Arnason, who has
been in the league since 2002. "We were a little tentative in that game and we
came out (Tuesday night) and got after it."

Salei put the Avs up 4-0 with a goal at 7:42 of the second period and then
things got plenty chippy.

By the end of the second period, there were 14 penalties called -- 10 on the
Wild and four on the Avs. Minnesota's Derek Boogaard had a 10 minute misconduct
penalty at 8:24 of the second.

"That's just playoff hockey," said Colorado defenseman Adam Foote about the
fights.

Mixed in between the skirmishes was a goal by Colorado's Milan Hejduk scored at
16:14 of the second on assist from Smyth and Sakic.

Both Salei and Hejduk scored power-play goals, those were noteworthy because the
Avs were 0-for-6 on the power play in the 3-2 overtime loss in Game 3.

The Wild pulled Backstrom at the end of the second period in favor of Josh
Harding. Backstrom made a Minnesota franchise playoff record 44 saves in Game 3.

The third period featured more fights, than anything else, with the highlight
coming when the Avs' Ian Laperriere and Stephane Veilleux went toe-to-toe on the
ice -- minus gloves and helmets -- at 8: 30 of the third period. Both received
five-minute fighting penalties.

With 35.4 seconds left, Laperriere mixed it up again with Minnesota's Todd
Fedoruk. The sellout crowd chanted "Lappy," Lapierriere's nickname in approval.
Fittingly, the game ended when Veilleux was called for high sticking and a
10-minute misconduct penalty.

Avalanche 5, Wild 1

First Period-1, Colorado, Brunette 2 (Salei, Leopold), 4:01. 2, Colorado, Wolski
1 (Laperriere), 5:37. 3, Colorado, Arnason 1, 11:08. Penalties-Foote, Col
(hooking), 8:10 Minnesota bench, served by Voros (too many men), 11:54 Sheppard,
Min (holding), 15:08.

Second Period-4, Colorado, Salei 1 (Arnason, Leopold), 7:42 (pp). 5, Colorado,
Hejduk 2 (Smyth, Sakic), 16:14 (pp).

Penalties-Rolston, Min (interference), :54 Guite, Col (boarding), 3:22 Fedoruk,
Min (tripping), 6:11 Boogaard, Min, minor-misconduct (roughing), 8:24 Veilleux,
Min (hooking), 8:24 Arnason, Col (roughing), 9:59 Veilleux, Min, double minor
(cross-checking, roughing), 12:35 Belanger, Min (roughing), 12:35 McLeod, Col
(roughing), 12:35 Voros, Min (holding), 18:09 Burns, Min (unsportsmanlike
conduct), 20:00 Foote, Col (unsportsmanlike conduct), 20:00.

Third Period-6, Minnesota, Koivu 4 (Carney, Rolston), 3:11 (sh).
Penalties-Smyth, Col (hooking), :28 Gaborik, Min (hooking), 1:39 Veilleux, Min
(boarding), 5:33 Rolston, Min (slashing), 5:58 Boogaard, Min (roughing), 8:25
Johnsson, Min, minor-double misconduct (roughing), 8:25 Foote, Col
(interference), 8:25 McLeod, Col, minor-misconduct (roughing), 8:25 Veilleux,
Min, major (fighting), 8:30 Voros, Min, misconduct, 8:30 Laperriere, Col, major
(fighting), 8:30 Rolston, Min (unsporstmanlike conduct), 14:50 Wolski, Col
(tripping), 15:17 Fedoruk, Min, misconduct, 19:24 Laperriere, Col, misconduct,
19:24 Veilleux, Min, minor-misconduct (high-sticking), 20:00

Shots on Goal-Minnesota 7-7-11-25. Colorado 18-11-11-40. Power-play
opportunities-Minnesota 0 of 5 Colorado 2 of 13. Goalies-Minnesota, Backstrom
2-2 (29 shots-24 saves), Harding (0:00 third, 11-11). Colorado, Theodore 2-2
(25-24). A-18,007 (18,007). T-2:45. Referees-Dave Jackson, Chris Rooney.
Linesmen-Jay Sharrers, Vaughan Rody.

Minnesota vs. Colorado

April 9: Colorado 3, Minnesota 2, OT

April 11: Minnesota 3, Colorado 2, OT

Monday: Minnesota 3, Colorado 2, OT

Tuesday: Colorado 5, Minnesota 1, series tied 2-2

Thursday: Colorado at Minnesota, 7 p.m.

Saturday: Minnesota at Colorado, TBA

April 22: Colorado at Minnesota, TBA, if necessary

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080416-PB-Urgent-Avs-bury-Wild-0416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2008 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday
                                FA CHASE EDITION

All states to audit teacher data;
More than 1,000 discipline cases were missing

BYLINE: Steve Reilly, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 584 words


A state-by-state audit of the nation's only database for tracking teacher
misconduct is being ordered in the wake of a USA TODAY NETWORK investigation
that found thousands of missing names in the listing of troublesome educators.

Education agencies in every state voluntarily report to a privately run database
operated by the non-profit National Association of State Directors of Teacher
Education and Certification when they take a disciplinary action against a
teacher for anything from minor infractions to serious cases of physical or
sexual abuse.

The USA TODAY NETWORK's examination of records about teachers disciplined in all
50 states found more than 1,400 cases in which a teacher permanently lost his or
her license but was not listed in the NASDTEC database -- potentially allowing
teachers to flee instances of misconduct by moving to new states.

NASDTEC Executive Director Phillip Rogers said Monday that education agencies in
every state will be required to audit all their submissions to the data since
they joined the system to ensure their submissions are accurate and complete.

The state-by-state audits, Rogers said, are required in the interest of "trying
to address what you guys (the USA TODAY NETWORK) found on the number of cases
that were not entered that should have been entered."

Rogers said the directive for the state audits is expected within the next 10
days, and several states have already undertaken reviews of their data on their
own accord.

As part of the changes, he said, states will be required to validate that
submissions are accurate and complete before sending them to the national
database.

"The purpose for that is (to verify) that they are checking the spelling,
checking the numbers, checking all of the information as being accurate," Rogers
said. "I guess people get in a hurry or whatever. So we'll have to make sure."

Measures are being taken at the state and local level to address problems
identified by the USA TODAY NETWORK investigation.

In Iowa, the Board of Educational Examiners ordered a full internal audit and a
third-party external audit of NASDTEC submissions. "What I can tell you is, we
are focused on protecting students," Board of Educational Examiners director
Duane Magee told The Des Moines Register. "Our procedures call for us to put
licensed sanctions in (the national database), and we want 100% compliance."

In Georgia, state officials said a layer of oversight has been added to its
NASDTEC submission process.

Teachers in North Carolina and Louisiana who moved to new states after losing
their teaching credentials as a result of misconduct in states where they
previously worked have been removed from classrooms after inquiries by the USA
TODAY NETWORK.

A Delaware state lawmaker said he will propose legislation to require the
state's Department of Education to fully disclose details to the public when an
educator's teaching license is removed. "This is simple," Republican Sen.
Ernesto Lopez said in a statement Monday. "Parents have a right to know,
especially when, according to The News Journal, 'Most of the cases ... involve
physical aggression or sexual misconduct.' It is critical that we remove these
teachers from the classroom but equally critical that we are fully transparent
with the parents of children who interacted with these teachers."

Contributing: Matthew Albright and Saranac Hale Spence at The News Journal in
Wilmington, Del.; Jason Clayworth at The Des Moines Register; Rebecca Lindstrom
at WXIA in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graphic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   March 14, 1996, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

Firing of Atlanta officer is called retaliation from chief

BYLINE: Kathy Scruggs and Lyda Longa; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 309 words


An Atlanta police officer was fired Wednesday after a 1991 video recently
surfaced that allegedly shows him torturing another man during a second job
billed as stress training for executives.

Chief Beverly Harvard confirmed that she fired Officer William Hanrahan.

Although she would not discuss specifics of the case because Hanrahan is suing
her over another matter, Harvard said he had "participated in such aberrant
behavior that I can no longer put the trust of the citizenry in his hands."

Bill McKenney, Hanrahan's attorney, charged the dismissal was retaliation over
the February lawsuit Hanrahan filed demanding the department return his German
shepherd, a bomb-sniffing dog he donated to the K-9 unit.

Hanrahan, 32, a seven-year veteran, was dismissed from the K-9 unit last year
after the tape surfaced. He was fired for allegedly being untruthful and
exhibiting conduct unbecoming an officer, McKenney said.

Hanrahan, a former U.S. Marine with commendations from George Bush and other
dignitaries in his file, was granted permission to work the second job on
weekends in St. Louis, Mo., in 1991, McKenney said. He was paid to role-play
with globe-trotting executives who wanted to undergo stress they might endure if
kidnapped.

Police described the tape as showing clients being beaten, kicked, shocked,
strapped to a chair and having their heads dunked in toilets.

But McKenney said no clients complained and Hanrahan did not represent himself
as an Atlanta police officer.

"Her (Harvard's) decision was based on personal feeling, emotionalism and
speculation - not the facts," McKenney said.

"When he had any suspicions the clients were not valid corporate executives
seeking stress-related survival and hostage training, he quit and informed other
police officers that they should also discontinue any services."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 20, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor Can't Ignore Police Misconduct

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 157 words



To the Editor:

"To Reflect the City They Serve" (editorial, March 13) questions why the New
York City Police Department is so late in its efforts to attract and hire
officers to reflect the percentages of the population they serve.

I was chairman of the New York City Commission on Human Rights from 1966 to
1969. The commission demanded surveys of hirings in all city agencies. Only the
police refused to comply. We recommended human rights education of officers so
they could better understand the people they served. We recommended seminars and
job fairs in all communities, not just white areas. We recommended advertising
in all media, not just certain ones. We recommended preparatory classes for
applicants. Mayor John V. Lindsay supported our efforts.

Had more diligence been exercised by the Police Department then, we wouldn't
have to bemoan today's conditions.

WILLIAM H. BOOTH
Kissimmee, Fla., March 15, 1999

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

Ely officer sentenced to probation, resigns after admitting to misconduct

BYLINE: Tom Olsen, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Feb. 28--A former Ely police sergeant will serve two years of supervised
probation and must register as a predatory offender after admitting that he had
a sexual relationship with a 17-year-old girl.

Jason Allen Carlson, 38, was sentenced Monday in State District Court in
Virginia after pleading guilty last month to a gross misdemeanor count of
misconduct of a public officer.

Carlson, who was described as an acquaintance of the victim's parents, admitted
at a plea hearing that he carried out a relationship with the teen during late
2014 and early 2015.

Court documents indicate that he would occasionally bring the teen on
ride-alongs and had regular contact with her, both on and off duty. He admitted
to having sexual intercourse with the girl at a residence near Ely in December
2014, when she was 17.

Carlson, an 11-year veteran of the Ely Police Department, was placed on leave
after the criminal charges were filed and resigned earlier this month after
reaching a severance agreement with the city.

The age of consent in Minnesota is generally 16, but certain exceptions apply
for those under 18. A St. Louis County grand jury in October 2015 indicted
Carlson on a felony third-degree criminal sexual conduct charge, alleging that
he was in a "position of authority" over the victim.

Carlson, of Aurora, was set to go to trial on Jan. 17 on the felony charge, but
instead entered into a plea agreement with the St. Louis County Attorney's
Office on the reduced gross misdemeanor charge.

In accordance with the agreement, 6th Judicial District Judge Gary Pagliaccetti
stayed one year of jail time in favor of probation.

Among other conditions of probation imposed by the judge, Carlson must maintain
regular contact with his probation officer, abstain from alcohol and drug use
and refrain from contact with the victim.

Carlson's employment with the city officially ended on Feb. 7 when the Ely City
Council accepted a "resignation in lieu of termination agreement," according to
meeting minutes.

Carlson had submitted a resignation request on Jan. 26, but the city's Employee
Relations Committee recommended against accepting it and advised the City
Council to move ahead with a termination process.

City Attorney Kelly Klun noted that accepting the resignation at that point
potentially would have allowed Carlson to collect a full payout of benefits, as
well as unused vacation and sick time.

Carlson subsequently agreed to a $15,000 severance payment in exchange for
releasing all claims against the city and agreeing to forgo any grievance
processes. The agreement was unanimously adopted by the council, with member
Paul Kess absent.

___ (c)2017 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170228-DU-Ely-officer-sentenced-to-probation-resigns-after-admitting-to-
misconduct-0228-20170228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2017 Duluth News-Tribune

                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             KCPQ/KMYQ-TV (Seattle)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 30, 2012 Monday

Stadium High School guard pleads not guilty to sexual misconduct with minor

BYLINE: Dana Rebik, KCPQ/KMYQ-TV, Seattle

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


Jan. 30--TACOMA -- A Stadium High School security guard accused of having sex
with two underage female students pleaded not guilty Monday to four counts of
sexual misconduct with a minor.

Donte Lipscomb, 31, was being held in Pierce County Jail. His bail was set at
$50,000.

According to charging documents, Lipscomb started a relationship with one of the
girls in June 2010 when she was 16. She said that over the course of a year, he
would send notes to pull her out of class.  She told police they had sex once or
twice a week in either his security office in a basement area near the gym or at
his apartment.

The second girl, a 17-year-old student, said she had sex with Lipscomb on Dec.
15, 2011, in the school security office.  At one point, the first girl went to
the security office and found the defendant and the second girl alone together.

Dan Voelpel, a spokesman for Tacoma Public Schools, said that on Jan. 12 one of
the girls claimed the guard had inappropriately touched her. At that time, he
said, Lipscomb was immediately placed on administrative leave and the police
were alerted.

Shannon McMinimee, an attorney for Tacoma Public Schools, said, "There was
intentionality to pull the girl out of class in different points in the day so
no one would recognize a pattern, but certainly the district will examine all
aspects of what happened and investigate the matter fully."

Voelpel said, "Our campus security officers are people we put in those positions
to keep our students safe, and student safety is our top priority, so any time
there is an alleged violation of that safety it's definitely a concern for the
district."

___ (c)2012 KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) Visit KCPQ/KMYQ-TX (Seattle) at
www.q13fox.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120130-5KQ-Stadium-High-School-guard-pleads-not-guilty-to-sexual-
misconduct-with-minor-0130-20120130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KQ


                          Copyright 2012 KCPQ/KMYQ-TV

                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 18, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

Panel Details Packwood Allegations; Ethics Case Cites Sexual Misconduct,
Evidence Alterations

Helen Dewar, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1228 words


The Senate ethics committee yesterday described in vivid detail the allegations
of sexual misconduct against Sen. Bob Packwood (R-Ore.) and said the powerful
chairman of the Senate Finance Committee may have violated federal law by
tampering with evidence the panel sought in its investigation.

Reaching a critical point in its 30-month probe of the five-term senator, the
panel found "substantial credible evidence" that Packwood "may have abused" his
office in three separate ways and moved to the final trial-like phase of its
proceedings against him.

The committee cited 18 instances of alleged sexual misconduct from 1969 through
1990 and said Packwood may have solicited "financial support for his spouse from
persons with an interest in legislation" and "intentionally altered diary
materials" the committee wanted.

At the pinnacle of his power after 25 years in the Senate, where he is taking a
leading role in debates over the budget, tax cuts and welfare, Packwood faces
the possibility of public hearings and punishment that could range from a
reprimand to censure, loss of his chairmanship or expulsion.

Among the allegations of sexual misconduct were reports that Packwood grabbed
female staff members, lobbyists and others -- including a babysitter and a hotel
desk clerk -- and kissed them, sometimes forcing his tongue into their mouths or
fondling them.

In one case, the committee said, it had been told Packwood "ran his hand up the
leg of a dining room hostess and touched her crotch area." On another occasion,
he allegedly pushed a staff member onto a couch, kissed her and "repeatedly
pushed her back on the couch" when she tried to get up. In another case, a woman
said he grabbed her, stood on her feet, grabbed her hair, held her head back,
kissed her, forced his tongue into her mouth and "reached under her skirt and
grabbed her undergarments."

All the allegations involve a possible violation of Senate ethics rules, the
committee said. In addition, in the case of the alleged diary alteration, the
committee said Packwood may have violated federal law barring obstruction or
attempted obstruction of official government proceedings, including
congressional inquiries.

It cited evidence that Packwood may have "intentionally" altered his diaries in
December, 1992, and in November, 1993, even though "he knew or should have known
the committee had sought or would likely seek" the diaries as part of its probe.

The committee had to go to federal court to enforce a subpoena for the diaries
and it was during those proceedings that Packwood's former secretary, Cathy
Wagner Cormack, told the court that Packwood had altered diary materials.

The committee made no mention of possible legal violations in the case of the
alleged attempts by Packwood to obtain job offers for his wife from two
lobbyists, two businessmen and a "registered foreign agent" -- none of whom were
named -- while the couple was divorcing in the late 1980s.

The panel referred materials about the job offers to the Justice Department,
which has been conducting an investigation that is expected to conclude next
month, when the statute of limitations runs out.

The committee's resolution, which some have likened to an indictment, makes no
judgment about the allegations. It gives Packwood an opportunity to respond and
to seek public hearings.

Appearing shaken as he emerged from a Finance Committee hearing, Packwood voiced
surprise that the committee had detailed each of 18 instances of alleged sexual
misconduct but declined further comment.

In a statement issued by his office, Packwood said: "The committee has concluded
the first phase of its investigation as the Senate ethics rules require. Now I
will have an opportunity to request an appearance before the committee to
discuss the matter -- as I did not have a chance to appear before the committee
at this preliminary stage." Packwood gave a five-day deposition to committee
staff members in January, although he did not meet with senators.

The committee's proceedings are confidential, so it would be "inappropriate for
me to comment further at this time," Packwood said. "I shall continue to
cooperate with the committee."

Packwood declined to say whether he would seek hearings. Some of the women
involved in the sexual misconduct allegations have called for hearings. Packwood
repeatedly told Oregon constituents after the initial charges were aired that he
wanted hearings. But many Senate Republicans are adamantly opposed to hearings.

In its resolution, the committee noted that some members had "serious concerns
about the weight, if any that should be accorded to evidence of conduct . . .
prior to 1976," when federal courts recognized sexual harassment as a civil
rights violation and the Senate passed a resolution banning sexual
discrimination in its employment practices. These members -- the committee did
not say how many or who they were -- also felt that the "age of the allegations"
should be taken into account.

Ten of the 18 alleged incidents occurred since 1976, including seven during the
1980s. Nearly all the incidents cited, which involved 17 women, including one
who reported two incidents, mentioned kissing or other physical contact. The
first occurred in 1969, the last in 1990, when a staff member said Packwood
grabbed her by the shoulders and kissed her on the lips. Most involved staff,
lobbyists or campaign workers. The accounts were based on interviews with the
women and others.

A number of the women's allegations were first reported by The Washington Post
in November, 1992, triggering the ethics committee probe that began a month
later. Meanwhile, Packwood checked into an alcoholism rehabilitation center,
saying later that his drinking probably affected his behavior. He apologized to
the women for "terribly offensive" behavior but never spelled out what it was.

The committee was nearing the end of its probe in late 1993 when Packwood
mentioned he had kept diaries. When the committee began reviewing the diaries
and discovered references to the jobs, Packwood balked at giving the panel
further access to the papers. The committee subpoenaed the diaries, and Packwood
fought the subpoena all the way to the Supreme Court, finally losing and handing
over the diaries.

The probe was further broadened to include the tampering allegation after
Cormack's testimony.

The diary dispute and court-ordered procedures that the committee followed in
reviewing diary entries delayed the inquiry for months, making this one of the
longest congressional ethics probes within memory.

In Oregon, three women who accused Packwood of making unwanted sexual advances
expressed relief and surprise at the committee's action, according to the
Associated Press. "I feel that the trust that I have spoken all along has been
affirmed by the message that the ethics committee has given us today," said Gena
Hutton. In one of the cases cited by the committee, Hutton said she was a
campaign worker in 1985 when Packwood fondled her while they danced. Later, he
grabbed and kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth.

In Washington, several of Packwood's GOP colleagues stood by him. "He is doing a
great job. I don't see any change in circumstances," said Senate Judiciary
Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah).


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ray lustig; Photo, ap; Illustration, The Washington Post,
RESOLUTION FOR INVESTIGATION A summary of the resolution for investigation
issued yesterday by the Senate Select Committee on Ethics regarding allegations
of sexual misconduct by Sen. Bob Packwood (R-Ore.), that he may have altered
evidence relevant to the committee's inquiry and that he may have solicited jobs
for his wife from lobbyists.  With respect to sexual misconduct, the committee
has carefully considered evidence, including sworn testimony, witness interviews
and documentary evidence, relating to the following [18] allegations: * In 1990,
in his Washington Senate office, Sen. Packwood grabbed a staff member by the
shoulders and kissed her on the lips.  * In 1985, at a function in Bend, Ore.,
he fondled a campaign worker as they danced. Later that year, in Eugene, Ore.,
in saying good night, he grabbed her face with his hands, pulled her toward him
and kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth.  * In 1981 or 1982, in a
Washington Senate office, he squeezed the arms of a lobbyist, leaned over and
kissed her on the mouth.  * In 1981, in the Capitol basement, he walked a former
staff assistant into a room where he grabbed her with both of his hands in her
hair and kissed her, forcing his tongue into her mouth.  * In 1980, in a parking
lot in Eugene, Ore., he pulled a campaign worker toward him, put his arms around
her, and kissed her, forcing his tongue in her mouth. He also invited her to his
motel room.  * In 1980 or early 1981, at a hotel in Portland, Ore., on two
occasions, he kissed a desk clerk who worked for the hotel.  * In 1980, in his
Senate office in Washington, he grabbed a staff member by the shoulders, pushed
her onto a couch and kissed her on the lips. The staff member tried several
times to get up but he pushed her back on the couch repeatedly.  * In 1979, he
walked into another senator's Washington office, started talki

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post

                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Brucia's killer is pursuing new trial

BYLINE: LLOYD DUNKELBERGER H-T Capital Bureau

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BNV01

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


APPEAL: State Supreme Court upheld conviction and sentence in 2009

TALLAHASSEE

A few days after the 10th anniversary of the murder of Carlie Brucia, the
Florida Supreme Court heard arguments on Thursday from a lawyer seeking to
overturn Joseph Smith's conviction and death sentence for the abduction, rape
and murder of the 11-year-old Sarasota girl.

The oral arguments, lasting less than 30 minutes, focused on Smith's claim that
he was denied his constitutional right to "equal protection" because his lawyers
could not interview jurors after the 2005 trial to see if there was any
misconduct.

Robert Strain, a Tampa lawyer representing Smith, told the justices that other
parties have the right to interview jurors after a trial, such as journalists or
law professors, but that defendants do not have that opportunity.

Strain did not cite any instances of alleged juror misconduct in the Brucia
case, although he said not all types of misconduct can be identified without
interviewing the jurors.

The arguments were met by skeptical questioning from the justices, who asked
Strain how the judicial system would work if lawyers could interview jurors
after every case.

"It seems to me that kind of rule is just opening a whole can of worms," said
Justice Peggy Quince.

Justice Barbara Pariente said if Smith had doubts about the jurors' conduct, the
issue should have been raised in his first direct appeal, which resulted in the
Florida Supreme Court upholding his conviction and death sentence in 2009.

"The idea that we would open it up years later to have attorneys do that, it
seems to have all sorts of problems," Pariente said.

"What you're suggesting is that after there's a trial we're going to have a
second trial to see if a jury conducted itself properly," Justice Jorge Labarga
said. "I just see that as an affront to our judicial system."

Carolyn Dittmar, an assistant attorney general representing the state, said the
court has previously rejected claims that Florida's trial rules for jurors are
unconstitutional.

"This court has for good reason rejected this claim repeatedly. What the defense
is seeking is basically a fishing expedition which will take place in every
single case if it is granted," Dittmar said.

Dittmar also there was no evidence of juror misconduct in Smith's trial.

"In this case there is no reason to believe or even to suspect there are any
grounds for juror misconduct," Dittmar said. "There has never been anything
identified anywhere which would give anybody a reason to believe there needs to
be an investigation."

She said Florida's juror rules -- which ban lawyers from trying to contact
jurors after the trial -- were in line with other states and the federal court
system.

This is Smith's second round of appeals, known as a "post-conviction" appeal.

His conviction and death sentence were upheld by the court on the first direct
appeal.

In addition to the claim related to juror conduct, Smith raised five other
constitutional issues, including a claim that Florida's lethal injection
procedure is unconstitutional because the execution team is anonymous.

If Smith's latest appeal is rejected by the state court, Strain said his client
would take his appeal to the federal courts, where he would be able to raise a
broader range of issues.

Strain said a key issue -- rejected by the Florida Supreme Court on Smith's
first appeal -- is whether his Sixth Amendment right to confront a witness was
violated in Smith's trial.

An FBI team supervisor testified in the trial about extracting DNA samples from
a shirt worn by Brucia and matching it with Smith's. However, the lab
technicians who did the work did not testify, which Smith claims denied him his
right to confront the witnesses.

Florida's highest court rejected that claim in 2009, ruling that Smith could not
invoke the "confrontation clause" because the FBI supervisor "formulated her own
conclusions from the raw data produced by biologists under her supervision and
control."

Strain cited a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision involving a rape case in
Illinois which produced a sharply divided federal court over the issue of
witness confrontation and lab procedures, although the justices upheld the
conviction.

The case gripped the community and grabbed international attention after a car
wash surveillance video recorded a man grabbing Carlie by the hand and leading
her away.

Smith, an unemployed auto mechanic, was sentenced to death for the murder
conviction in 2006, following a weeks-long trial in a case that had gained
national attention.

He also was sentenced to life in prison without the chance of parole for the
kidnapping and rape convictions.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Smith

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Perth Amboy police chief rejects guilty plea to official misconduct
and prison

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Middlesex County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

Perth Amboy police Chief Benjamin Ruiz has turned down a guilty plea to official
misconduct that would have put him in state prison for five years.

Ruiz's rejection of the plea offer came out during a hearing Wednesday morning
before Superior Court Judge Diane Pincus in New Brunswick.

Ruiz was indicted in February on two charges of official misconduct, theft of
services and witness tampering.

The judge asked Middlesex County Assistant Prosecutor Christine D'Elia if a plea
offer had been made.

D'Elia outlined the offer, including the plea to official misconduct, five years
in state prison--all of which must be served before he is eligible for parole,
forfeiture of his position and all public employment, and restitution to Perth
Amboy of $1,457.

Ruiz's attorney, Brian Neary, told the judge his client" is not accepting the
plea."
RELATED: Perth Amboy police chief pleads not guilty to official misconduct,
theft

Ruiz, 53, said nothing during the brief hearing.
The charges arise from three separate incidents between Dec. 8, 2013 and July
29, 2014, when the chief allegedly ordered city mechanics to work on his
motorcycle, his classic Mustang and a friend's car.

Ruiz has worked for the city police department since May 1988, and has been
chief since September 2012.

He was suspended without pay since his December arrest on the theft charges.
Lawrence Cattano was made acting deputy chief and is currently running the
department.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             June 25, 2015 Thursday

Attorney's license suspended for 3 years over 42 counts of misconduct

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 380  words


The Wisconsin Supreme Court has suspended a Milwaukee attorney's license.

Robert D'Arruda, a criminal defense attorney, graduated from Marquette
University Law School in 1993. He was privately disciplined in 2011 for failing
to provide a written fee agreement and itemized statement of accounting for
services, and not responding to clients or Office of Lawyer Regulation requests.

D'Arruda was also publicly disciplined in 2013 for 13 counts of misconduct
involving four clients. According to court documents, he failed to explain the
basis for his fees to clients, improperly handled fees he received and failed to
respond to OLR inquiries.

His license was temporarily suspended in April 2014 for failing to cooperate
with the OLR in matters related to his conduct. His license remains suspended
for failure to pay State Bar dues, not completing continuing education
requirements and failing to file a trust account certification.

Thursday's discipline stems from an OLR complaint filed in February 2015 that
alleged seven counts of misconduct. The complaint was amended twice, eventually
alleging 42 counts of misconduct involving 12 clients. The misconduct included
failing to respond to clients, failing to turn over files to successor counsel,
not refunding unearned fees, not responding to the OLR about grievances his
clients had filed, and failing to tell clients and judges about his license
being temporarily suspended.

D'Arruda never responded to the complaint or amended complaints and failed to
appear at scheduling conferences. Thus, the OLR asked for a default judgment,
and because of a continued lack of response from D'Arruda, a court-appointed
referee asked the Wisconsin Supreme Court to find D'Arruda in default.

The state Supreme Court agreed with the referee Thursday, finding D'Arruda in
default, suspending his license to practice law for 60 days and ordering him to
pay $6,500 in restitution to clients and pay for the full costs of the
disciplinary proceeding.

D'Arruda could not be immediately reached Thursday at the phone numbers listed
with the State Bar and OLR.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

IUSB fires tenured prof

BYLINE: MARGARET FOSMOE, South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 656 words


SOUTH BEND - Otis B. Grant, a tenured professor at Indiana University South
Bend, was dismissed for engaging in "serious personal and professional
misconduct," according to the university.

Grant's last day of employment on the IU faculty was Dec. 31, 2011.

"The finding of misconduct was primarily based on representations he made at the
time of his hiring and subsequently during his tenure at Indiana University,"
states IU's written response to a public records request by The Tribune.

Details of the alleged misconduct were not disclosed by the university.

Efforts to reach Grant for comment were unsuccessful. He has no local listed
home telephone number and is no longer listed in the IU e-mail directory.

Grant is appealing his dismissal to the IUSB faculty board of review, campus
spokesman Ken Baierl said. "The board of review is actively engaged in it at
this time," he said.

The board has asked Grant and IUSB Chancellor Una Mae Reck to submit written
reports, and the board could decide to schedule a hearing, Baierl said.

If the board affirms the dismissal, Grant could appeal the matter to IU's board
of trustees and IU President Michael McRobbie.

Grant was sanctioned by IUSB four years ago after complaints by students and an
investigation into his professional conduct, as The Tribune reported at the
time. Some students in 2008 alleged the professor used foul language in class,
canceled classes and dismissed two students from a course without due process.

He also was accused of allowing a nonemployee to grade student work and access
student academic records, a potential violation of federal privacy laws.

The 2008 investigation did not determine the identity of Riane Hunter, the name
used by a woman who identified herself at the time as Grant's graduate
assistant. Students said she graded and signed their academic papers and sent
instructions to the class from Grant's campus e-mail address.

No one named Riane Hunter was employed by IUSB or had ever been enrolled at any
IU campus, administrators said in 2008. At the time, IUSB administrators said
they never were able to determine who Hunter was or even if a woman by that name
existed.

In a Tribune interview at the time, Grant denied the allegations about his
classroom conduct but wouldn't provide any information about the woman who was
grading his course work. Grant, who is black, said that racism may have played a
role in the complaints.

Grant was a tenured associate professor of law and society in IUSB's department
of sociology and anthropology. His salary on a 10-month contract was $53,954,
according to IUSB.

Grant earned a bachelor's degree in psychology in 1983 from Westfield (Mass.)
State College and a law degree in 1997 from the University of Connecticut School
of Law. He was hired by IUSB in 1999 to teach in the School of Public &
Environmental Affairs. He was granted tenure in 2005 in the department of
sociology and anthropology in IUSB's College of Liberal Arts & Sciences, and the
tenure became effective in 2006, according to IU records.

Grant in 2005 was honored with the IU Trustees Teaching Award and in 2004 he was
elected to IU's Faculty Colloquium for Excellence in Teaching.

Dismissal of a tenured professor is rare in the IU system.

IUSB Chancellor Daniel Cohen was forced to step down in 1995 amid sexual
harassment allegations, and he later lost a civil lawsuit filed by a former
employee who claimed he had sexually harassed her. Cohen remained on the faculty
as a tenured physics professor but was the subject of additional complaints by
students. The university investigated the allegations and fired Cohen in 2001
for violating school policy on sexual harassment, according to The Tribune
archives.

facebook.com/tribune.margaretfosmoe

Staff writer Margaret Fosmoe: mfosmoe@sbtinfo.com 574-235-6329

Web extras

To read previous South Bend Tribune coverage of IUSB professor Otis B. Grant,
visit www.south bendtribune.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 15, 2007 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

FSU FOOTBALL SUSPENSIONS COMING

BYLINE: JAMEY GIVENS; ANTONYA ENGLISH; GREG AUMAN, Times correspondent; Times
staff writers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


As Florida State began practicing for the Music City Bowl, suspensions loomed
from an investigation into academic misconduct.

Coach Bobby Bowden was mum on the players that could miss the game, but said
Friday suspensions are forthcoming.

"They will make that announcement at the proper time," Bowden said.

The school announced the academic misconduct in September, with 23
student-athletes implicated for receiving answers ahead of time to online tests.
Two football players have been tied to the investigation. Senior receiver and
former Plant City standout Joslin Shaw missed the first four games, and
sophomore defensive end Kevin McNeil has not played this season.

Jamey Givens, Times correspondent

UF: Tebow's cast off

GAINESVILLE - Tim Tebow had the cast removed from his right hand and wore a
protective brace at practice.

"I was able to do everything," the sophomore quarterback said after practice.
"It's weird, obviously, for the first time using it and being able to move the
wrist and everything."

Tebow received many congratulatory messages after winning the Heisman Trophy on
Saturday in New York. Among them: a text from country star Kenny Chesney (whom
Tebow said he talks with "every few weeks") and a handwritten letter from
President Bush.

See blogs.tampabay.com/gators for a text of Bush's letter.

RUTLEGE REPLACEMENT: Freshman Aaron Hernandez will start at tight end in place
of senior Eric Rutlege, who has been suspended for the Capital One Bowl game on
Jan.1.

Antonya English, Times staff writer

USF lands Tarpon DE

TAMPA - USF's 20th oral commitment is its third from Pinellas County. Tarpon
Springs defensive end Donnell Ingram accepted a scholarship offer Thursday,
according to recruiting site USFnation.com. Ingram, 6 feet 2 and 255 pounds, was
offered after playing in the Pinellas County All-Star Game.

Greg Auman, Times staff writer

Nation

I-AA FINAL: Armanti Edwards threw for three touchdowns, and Appalachian State
jumped to a 21-0 lead and never trailed in beating Delaware 49-21 in
Chattanooga, Tenn., to become Division I-AA's first three-peat national
champions. The Mountaineers (13-2) denied the Blue Hens (11-4) their second
title.

ARKANSAS:Paul Petrino, younger brother of new coach Bobby, was hired as
offensive coordinator.

DUKE: The Associated Press reported that Tennessee offensive coordinator David
Cutcliffe was hired as coach.

HOUSTON: Kevin Sumlin, an assistant under Bob Stoops at Oklahoma the past five
seasons, agreed to a five-year deal to coach the Cougars.

LOUISVILLE: Receiver Mario Urrutia will bypass his senior season and enter the
NFL Draft.

MICHIGAN:The Detroit Free Press reported that West Virginia's Rich Rodriguez
discussed the coaching position with UM president Mary Sue Coleman and athletic
director Bill Martin.

Other sports

MEN'S SOCCER:Wake Forest and Ohio State reached Sunday's Division I final in
Cary, N.C.. Marcus Tracy scored twice in the second half to lead No.2 seed Wake
Forest (21-2-2) past ACC rival Virginia Tech in the semifinals. No.5 seed OSU
(17-3-5) defeated Massachusetts 1-0 on Eric Edwards' goal in the 52nd minute.

VOLLEYBALL: Top seed Stanford and No.3 Penn State meet in today's D-I
championship in Sacramento, Calif. Penn State beat Cal 3-0 late Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COMPILED FROM TIMES STAFF, WIRES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 18, 1995, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Packwood probe puts Senate in tough spot

BYLINE: Jessica Lee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 481 words


The Senate ethics committee's decision to open a full-scale investigation into
charges of misconduct by Sen. Bob Packwood, R-Ore., could put Senate credibility
on the line.

The panel's unanimous conclusion that there is "credible evidence" of sexual and
criminal misconduct by the five-term senator comes at a critical period of
intense budget and tax negotiations in which Packwood, as chairman of the Senate
Finance Committee, plays a pivotal role.

On Wednesday, Packwood said little as he walked out of Finance Committee
hearings to face reporters: "I'm not going to have any comment. It's not
appropriate until I've had a chance to meet with the (ethics committee)
members."

But Packwood - widely acknowledged as one of the Senate's sharpest legislators
on issues such as income tax and health care -- can't keep a low profile at a
time like this.

"We have to separate the two and realize there is that issue that he must deal
with but, at the same time, he brings a lot of expertise to the table on the
budget," says Sen. Dirk Kemp-thorne, R-Idaho.

But, on ethical matters, he cannot expect much help from colleagues who don't
want to be drawn into a soap opera over charges of his sexual misdeeds. "I've
tried not to know a whole lot about it," said Sen. Trent Lott, R-Miss.

Packwood, 62, has been accused of a 25-year pattern of sexual misconduct that
includes groping, fondling, kissing of female Senate staffers, campaign workers,
elevator operators, waitresses and others. The charges first surfaced in
November 1992, just after he was re-elected to a fifth term.

While the panel's five-page report is not an indictment, it is an outline of the
reasons Packwood's colleagues -- three Republicans, three Democrats -- will
proceed with a probe that could result in his expulsion after 26 years in the
Senate.

After 30 months of informal investigation, the ethics committee also found
evidence that he tried to obstruct their official probe by altering information
contained in his 8,000-page diaries. It also concluded that Packwood may have
abused his office by soliciting job offers for his ex-wife.

The announcement's timing, in the midst of the budget debate, surprised some
senators. But the Congress is one in which the GOP controls the agenda and
boasts of a commitment to make Congress abide by laws it passes for everyone
else.

And Republicans are mindful of the poor impression left with voters the last
time a committee chairman faced ethics charges: Rep. Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill.,
held on to his chairmanship of the House Ways and Means Committee for months
despite a criminal investigation.

Says political scientist Olivia O'Donnell of the State University of New York at
Plattsburgh: "Since they're willing to hold the investigation, it shows Congress
is willing to look at itself and apply sexual harassment standards to its own
body."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Win McNamee, Reuters

WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Internal Affairs: How did indicted Sen. Leland Yee manage to get 320,500 votes?

BYLINE: By the Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local;
Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 1122 words


Leland Yee, the Democratic state senator from San Francisco who was indicted by
a federal grand jury on charges of taking bribes and conspiring to broker an
international arms deal, finished third in a field of eight candidates for
California secretary of state in Tuesday's primary.

No, really. As of now, more than 320,000 votes have been counted for Yee -- a
number that will rise at least slightly as registrars around the state tally the
final wave of vote-by-mail and provisional ballots. Yee had announced that he
was dropping out of the race to be California's top elections and political
transparency watchdog right after he was charged with crimes that could put him
in prison for life. But it was too late to remove his name from the ballot.

We wondered how it must feel to be one of the five candidates who came in behind
Yee.

How to explain Yee's strong finish despite widespread coverage of his scandal?

1) Some voters have a perverse sense of humor, and they don't care much who the
secretary of state will be anyway.

2) This could help prove the old axiom that there's no such thing as bad
publicity. Then again, that didn't help Mary Hayashi.

3) Some voters live under rocks, without access to the Internet, radio,
television or newspapers. Then again, he still came in third in San Francisco,
where news of his arrest and indictment was practically inescapable.

4) Some voters don't think the charges against Yee are true. (Note to those
voters: Read the federal agent's affidavit supporting the charges. It's a
barnburner!)

Our other thought was that the real winner in this primary was James Lassart,
Yee's attorney. He must feel at least a little better today about his future
prospects in picking a jury.

Misconduct ruling may be overturned for DA's aide

The California Supreme Court appears poised to issue a ruling that would patch
the reputation of the second-most powerful person in the Santa Clara County
District Attorney's Office, sources say.

Jay Boyarsky, District Attorney Jeff Rosen's right-hand man, was slammed in late
2012 by an appellate court for engaging in a "pervasive pattern of misconduct"
in a trial.

The appellate court ruled that Boyarsky, the chief assistant district attorney,
erred by using deceptive or reprehensible means of persuasion -- including
asking improper questions and making improper arguments and comments -- to the
point where defendant Dariel Shazier was denied a fair trial in a close case.
The court then reversed the jury's judgment against Shazier, a felon accused of
being a sexually violent predator.

It was the third time the case foundered. The jury hung in the first trial. The
second attempt, by former prosecutor Ben Field, also was reversed on the grounds
of prosecutorial misconduct.

The state Attorney General's Office last year appealed Boyarsky's drubbing,
issuing a statement contending that "none of the cited instances constituted
prosecutorial misconduct."

At a May 29 hearing, the state Supreme Court appeared to be leaning toward
finding that two of Boyarsky's comments at trial constituted "harmless error,"
meaning misconduct not serious enough to warrant reversing the verdict, sources
said.

If the sources are correct, then the state Supreme Court may well strike down
the appellate decision, allowing Shazier to be involuntarily committed to a
state mental hospital, where he has been held pending the outcome.

Bill aims to erase the 'stain' of Proposition 187

Twenty years ago, California voters approved a divisive ballot measure that
barred illegal immigrants from most public services, including schooling and
health care.

Though federal courts later deemed Proposition 187 unconstitutional, it has
remained on the books, enshrined in state statute all this time.

State Sen. Kevin de Leon got his start in politics organizing against the
initiative, and on Wednesday, the Los Angeles Democrat introduced legislation
that would strike the discriminatory policy from the record and "erase its
stain" for good.

Acknowledging that California has made tremendous progress on immigration reform
over the past several years, de Leon said it was his duty to set the record
straight on Proposition 187 after learning from his staff earlier this year that
it remains on the books.

"California will lead the country forward to a brighter day where immigrants are
treated with dignity and given an opportunity to thrive," said de Leon, who
unveiled SB396 at a Sacramento news conference where he also called for
comprehensive immigration reform.

But the proposal is largely symbolic.

De Leon conceded that illegal immigrants in California will be treated no
differently under the law whether the legislation is signed or not.

Though never fully implemented, Proposition 187 had a lasting effect on
immigrant communities across the state.

"Still today, the immigrant population fears interacting with government
officials and, as a result, is often hesitant to become civically engaged and
cooperate with the police," de Leon said in a statement.

June 23 is the 20th anniversary of the day Proposition 187 qualified for the
statewide ballot. Both the Senate and the Assembly are planning ceremonies to
reflect on that chapter in the state's history.

Speedy delivery? Board of education moves fast

In its own version of speed dating, the Santa Clara County Board of Education
seems to be on a fast track to find a permanent superintendent of county schools
by July 1.

Yes, this is the same board that took fall, winter and spring to usher out
Xavier De La Torre as county schools chief.

After De La Torre skipped town in March, board President Leon Beauchman
announced a compressed schedule for soliciting and culling candidates. The board
received free search services from Iowa-based Ray and Associates, the same firm
that produced De La Torre in 2012. Because he stayed less than two years, the
firm conducted a new search at no charge.

The posting drew about 200 applicants -- no surprise since the board has been
paying its chiefs about $300,000. The list was narrowed down to about a dozen
names, trustee Grace Mah said. In the past month, the seven-member board has
been interviewing six finalists -- in six special meetings in addition to a
regular one.

No word so far on their identities, nor where they are from. Meanwhile, the
board reportedly is reviewing the legality of the multiyear contracts that the
ex-supe cemented for seven of his top staff before leaving. The new chief's
salary will be negotiated once an offer is made.

Internal Affairs is an offbeat look at state and local politics. This week's
items were written by Josh Richman, Tracey Kaplan, Jessica Calefati, Sharon
Noguchi and Paul Rogers. Send tips to internalaffairs@mercurynews.com, or call
408-920-5782.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leland Yee exits the federal courthouse in San Francisco, Calif. on
Tuesday, April 8, 2014. (LiPo Ching/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW: REVIEW DONE, WAITING FOR CHADIMA TO RESPOND;
FORMER SENIOR ASSOCIATE AD RESIGNED AFTER A MISCONDUCT ALLEGATION.

BYLINE: By DEBORAH ZIFF dziff@madison.com 608-252-6234

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 252 words


A panel has completed its investigation into a former UW-Madison athletic
official accused of misconduct, but the university is not yet releasing the
committee's report in order to give John Chadima a legally mandated 10 days to
respond.

During that time, Chadima can ask a judge to block release of the records.

John Chadima abruptly resigned as senior associate athletic director this month
amid an allegation of misconduct.

Neither the university nor Chadima has disclosed the nature of the charge,
though Chadima apologized last week for what he called a "lapse in judgment."

The incident occurred while the UW football team was in California to play in
the Rose Bowl, according to State Journal sources.

Interim UW-Madison Chancellor David Ward appointed a four-person independent
panel to review the allegation on Jan. 9, three days after Chadima resigned.

The review team met with Ward on Monday and delivered its final report,
according to a university statement released Monday night.

"The university will publicly release the review team's report as soon as it is
legally permissible to do so," Ward said in the statement.

If Chadima decides not to intervene, the report could be released sooner than 10
days.

Retired Dane County Circuit Judge Patrick Fiedler led the independent panel. The
other members were: Dale Burke, former assistant chief of the UW Police
Department; Roger Howard, former associate dean in the Dean of Students Office;
and Yolanda Garza, former assistant dean in the Division of Student Life.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 2, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Dec. 26-31: Policing the Police;
Report Says Police Tolerate Corruption.

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2; Column 2; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 265 words


It was a grim group snapshot of the nation's largest municipal police force.
After 18 months of investigations and analysis, a mayoral panel last week
portrayed the New York City Police Department as closing its collective eyes to
mounting corruption problems.

In a scathing interim report, the panel, called the Mollen Commission, after its
chairman, Milton Mollen, said a prevailing "police culture" tolerated and
fostered graft, misconduct and brutality. Although sparse with details, the
commission said "a deep-rooted reluctance to uncover corruption" existed at all
levels of the 30,000-member force.

A blue "code of silence" thrived, the commission asserted, mainly because many
high-ranking officials feared that their careers would be damaged if lawlessness
was uncovered in their units.

Misconduct may not be as systemic or as widespread as the organized protection
payoffs from bookies that surfaced in the early 1970's. But, the commission
warned, small groups of dishonest officers are frequently violent and typically
rob drug dealers or shelter them from arrests.

For essential reforms, the commission suggested a permanent commission --
modeled on itself -- to investigate abuses and to scrutinize the department's
internal clean-up efforts. The agency, however, would be powerless to prosecute.

The new mayor, Rudolph W. Giuliani, was cool to converting the Mollen Commission
into a permanent watchdog. A former Federal prosecutor, Mr. Giuliani favors
re-establishing the office of special prosecutor as the best way to police the
police.   SELWYN RAAB

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             August 4, 2014 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

AIR FORCE LAUNCHES PROBE

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. D-6

LENGTH: 642 words


The Air Force Academy said Sunday it has launched an investigation of its
athletic department and is demanding more accountability from coaches after the
Colorado Springs Gazette reported allegations of lax oversight and athlete
misconduct.

Lt. Gen. Michelle D. Johnson, the academy's superintendent, released a statement
acknowledging "troubling" behavior by some athletes and other cadets. She cited
a 2011 party that eventually led to the court-martial and expulsions of several
cadets, some for sexual misconduct.

Johnson told The Gazette that the academy inspector general's office will look
into the athletic department to determine whether sports programs promote the
school's ideals.

Johnson recently summoned coaches to a meeting and told them continued
misconduct by athletes would put the school in a predicament such as Penn State,
where former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky was convicted of child
sexual abuse, said Hans Mueh, the academy athletic director.

"[The coaches] still talk to me and say, 'I have never been chewed out like that
before,' " Mueh told The Gazette.

Johnson said she made her expectations clear, and in response, coaches and
athletes have created several programs to explain and enforce academy standards.
A group called Cadet Athletes Against Sexual Violence produced a video pledging
to fight sexual violence, she said.

The Gazette reviewed hundreds of pages of documents obtained under the Freedom
of Information Act that shed new light on the 2011 party and an earlier one in
2010. Air Force investigators looked into allegations of heavy drinking and drug
use at both parties, and claims of the use of date-rape drugs and sexual
misconduct at the 2011 party, the documents showed.

Several weeks after the 2010 party, investigators seized synthetic marijuana in
a raid on six dorm rooms. Twenty-one cadets were expelled and five resigned, but
it's not known how many were athletes. TENNIS

Milos Raonic easily won the first all-Canadian tournament final in ATP history,
erasing the only break point he faced and beating Vasek Pospisil, 6-1, 6-4, at
the Citi Open in Washington for his sixth career title. Second-seeded Raonic
produced serves topping 140 mph and broke 13th-seeded Pospisil four times at the
hard-court tune-up for the U.S. Open, which begins Aug. 25.

* Serena Williams won her WTA-leading fourth title this season Sunday, beating
third-seeded Angelique Kerber, 7-6 (1), 6-3, in the Bank of the West Classic in
Stanford, Calif. Top-ranked and top-seeded Williams won the hard-court event for
a third time. Williams will be No. 1 for the 200th week in her career when the
rankings are announced today. PRO BASKETBALL

The Toronto Raptors signed center Lucas Nogueira and guard Will Cherry. Terms of
the deals announced were not disclosed. Nogueira, whose draft rights were
acquired by Toronto in June, played for the Raptors at the NBA summer league in
Las Vegas. Cherry appeared in 18 games last season with the Canton Charge of the
NBA Development League. WOMEN'S BASKETBALL

Tina Charles had 30 points and 14 rebounds as the New York Liberty beat host
Atlanta, 83-76, in the WNBA to spoil Dream coach Michael Cooper's early return
to the sideline. Cooper missed Atlanta's past five games after being diagnosed
with early-stage tongue cancer, and had surgery July 24. Team officials at the
time said Cooper, 58, was expected to miss two weeks.

* Kristi Toliver made a 3-pointer with 9.6 seconds remaining to give the host
Los Angeles Sparks a 70-69 win against the Connecticut Sun.

* Elena Delle Donne scored 20 points as the host Chicago Sky beat the Washington
Mystics, 76-65. COLLEGE BASKETBALL

Michael Young had 18 points on 8-of-10 shooting and grabbed five rebounds as
Pitt defeated the Bahamas All-Stars, 113-59, in Nassau. The contest was the
second in the Panthers' four-game Bahamas foreign tour.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             August 4, 2014 Monday
                                 REGION EDITION

AIR FORCE LAUNCHES PROBE

BYLINE: From wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. D-6

LENGTH: 649 words


The Air Force Academy said Sunday it has launched an investigation of its
athletic department and is demanding more accountability from coaches after the
Colorado Springs Gazette reported allegations of lax oversight and athlete
misconduct.

Lt. Gen. Michelle D. Johnson, the academy's superintendent, released a statement
acknowledging "troubling" behavior by some athletes and other cadets. She cited
a 2011 party that eventually led to the court-martial and expulsions of several
cadets, some for sexual misconduct.

Johnson told The Gazette that the academy inspector general's office will look
into the athletic department to determine whether sports programs promote the
school's ideals.

Johnson recently summoned coaches to a meeting and told them continued
misconduct by athletes would put the school in a predicament such as Penn State,
where former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky was convicted of child
sexual abuse, said Hans Mueh, the academy athletic director.

"[The coaches] still talk to me and say, 'I have never been chewed out like that
before,' " Mueh told The Gazette.

Johnson said she made her expectations clear, and in response, coaches and
athletes have created several programs to explain and enforce academy standards.
A group called Cadet Athletes Against Sexual Violence produced a video pledging
to fight sexual violence, she said.

The Gazette reviewed hundreds of pages of documents obtained under the Freedom
of Information Act that shed new light on the 2011 party and an earlier one in
2010. Air Force investigators looked into allegations of heavy drinking and drug
use at both parties, and claims of the use of date-rape drugs and sexual
misconduct at the 2011 party, the documents showed.

Several weeks after the 2010 party, investigators seized synthetic marijuana in
a raid on six dorm rooms. Twenty-one cadets were expelled and five resigned, but
it's not known how many were athletes. TENNIS

Milos Raonic easily won the first all-Canadian tournament final in ATP history,
erasing the only break point he faced and beating Vasek Pospisil, 6-1, 6-4, at
the Citi Open in Washington for his sixth career title. Second-seeded Raonic
produced serves topping 140 mph and broke 13th-seeded Pospisil four times at the
hard-court tune-up for the U.S. Open, which begins Aug. 25. The ATP said it was
the first time two men from Canada played each other in a tour final in the Open
era, which began in 1968, and red-and-white maple leaf flags dotted the stands.

* Serena Williams won her WTA-leading fourth title this season Sunday, beating
third-seeded Angelique Kerber, 7-6 (1), 6-3, in the Bank of the West Classic in
Stanford, Calif. Top-ranked and top-seeded Williams won the hard-court event for
a third time. Williams will be No. 1 for the 200th week in her career when the
rankings are announced tday. She is fifth on the career list, nine weeks behind
fourth-place Martina Hingis. PRO BASKETBALL

The Toronto Raptors signed center Lucas Nogueira and guard Will Cherry. Terms of
the deals announced were not disclosed. Nogueira, whose draft rights were
acquired by Toronto in June, played for the Raptors at the NBA summer league in
Las Vegas. Cherry appeared in 18 games last season with the Canton Charge of the
NBA Development League. WOMEN'S BASKETBALL

Tina Charles had 30 points and 14 rebounds as the New York Liberty beat host
Atlanta, 83-76, in the WNBA to spoil Dream coach Michael Cooper's early return
to the sideline. Cooper missed Atlanta's past five games after being diagnosed
with early-stage tongue cancer, and had surgery July 24. Team officials at the
time said that Cooper, 58, was expected to miss about two weeks.

* Kristi Toliver made a 3-pointer with 9.6 seconds remaining to give the host
Los Angeles Sparks a 70-69 win against the Connecticut Sun.

* Elena Delle Donne scored 20 points as the host Chicago Sky beat the Washington
Mystics, 76-65.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Egypt Independent

                           October 24, 2015 Saturday

Two more women accuse Bill Cosby of sexual misconduct

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 364  words


Two more women accused comedian Bill Cosby of sexual misconduct on Friday, and
their attorney Gloria Allred said she has been contacted by even more women who
are prepared to say the same.The two women join more than 50 who have come
forward to accuse the veteran television star of sexual misconduct and assault
dating back to the 1960s.One of the women, who identified herself only as
Dottye, said Cosby drugged and raped her when she visited him in a New York City
apartment to audition for "The Cosby Show" in 1984. She said she was 30 at the
time.She held up a black cast jacket with "The Cosby Show" emblazoned on the
back and "Dottye" embroidered on the front, a gift she received while later
visiting the studio."I want people to know, I did not go to the police because
at that time, I thought somehow I had let him do what he did," she said."I
didn't protest and I was too embarrassed to tell anyone of this shame I felt.
Anyway, he was Bill Cosby. Who would believe me?"

she said.The other woman, Donna Barrett, said she was taking a photo with
teammates following a track meet at the University of Pennsylvania in 2004 when
Cosby grabbed her from behind and forcefully pressed her with his body.Lawyers
for Cosby, 78, declined to comment on Friday. Cosby has denied previous
allegations and has never been criminally charged.Allred said she has been
contacted by more women with similar stories, though she declined to give a
specific number."I can assure Mr. Cosby, however, that there are still more
victims who will be courageous enough to come forward in the future," she
said.Cosby gave a deposition earlier this month in a California civil suit
brought by a woman who accused Cosby of sexually abusing her when she was 15. It
was the first time he has testified under oath since dozens of women have come
forward with accusations in the past year.Allred said she will pursue a second
deposition of Cosby, who recently replaced his longtime lawyer."As far as I'm
concerned Mr. Cosby is welcome to bring an army of lawyers against one woman,"
Allred said. "We've waged many David and Goliath battles, and we're prepared to
continue our vigorous advocacy for our client."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1386


                        Copyright 2015 Egypt Independent
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 5, 2008 Saturday

State Ed Dept. has tightened regs for reporting of worker misconduct

BYLINE: Hillary Chabot, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Jan. 5--BOSTON -- The Massachusetts Department of Education has become more
involved in setting guidelines for administrators dealing with sexual-misconduct
cases.

Board of Education members passed recommendations that required administrators,
starting in 2001, to report any resignations or retirements that are the result
of misconduct, said Department of Education Chief of Staff Heidi Guarino.

"This is something we take seriously now," she said. "It's a policy on the books
with local authorities, and this is the role we can play."

The department also hired two new staffers to record and investigate the
complaints.

Former Education Commissioner David Driscoll stressed the new reporting
guidelines in 2004, requesting administrators remain vigilant about sexual-
misconduct cases.

Lowell Superintendent of Schools Karla Brooks Baehr, who in 1991 gave a job
recommendation to a teacher accused of sexual assault, said the state department
should expand its leadership.

Baehr said it was difficult for both

educators and town and city solicitors to know the right steps in 1991,
especially when dealing with student and employee confidentiality.

"The department should do a better job of publicizing the resources it has,"
Baehr said. "They could also take a proactive role in partnering with
organizations who face these kinds of complicated and troubling situations."

Keeping organizations like the Massachusetts Association of Superintendents and
the Massachusetts Association of School Committees know about best practices
when handling these cases would be helpful, Baehr added.

To see more of The Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lowellsun.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080105-LZ-State-Ed-Dept-has-tightened-regs-for-reporting-of-worker-
misconduct-0105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2008 The Sun

                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 26, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Customs Service Criticized For Response to Misconduct

Stephen Barr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A27; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 531 words


The U.S. Customs Service has mishandled investigations of misconduct by agency
employees and has even given promotions to disciplined employees, according to a
Treasury Department inspector general's report released yesterday.

"Customs' inability to equitably administer discipline fosters the perception of
favoritism," Michael C. Tarr, Treasury's acting assistant IG for investigations,
told the Senate Finance Committee, which is examining the agency and may
recommend legislation to revamp its internal operations.

But Customs officials and law enforcement experts testified that the agency's
new commissioner, Raymond W. Kelly, has started a shake-up aimed at improving
work force integrity and preventing reprisals against employees who report
wrongdoing.

Kelly recruited a former prosecutor, William A. Keefer, to head the Customs
Office of Internal Affairs, which probes allegations against employees and was
called ineffective in a Treasury Department review in February.

He also has created a national board for discipline cases and set up a "cold
case" team to review investigations that were not properly closed, the officials
said.

"Every allegation of misconduct, without exception, is now being reported
directly to my office," Keefer told the committee. "Every allegation is now
being tracked by my office."

Customs has been hit in recent months by allegations of cronyism in its Miami
office and of racial bias when searching passengers to detect drug smuggling at
the Atlanta and Chicago airports. A statistical analysis prepared for the Senate
committee showed an increase in allegations of wrongdoing against Customs
personnel since 1996, with many of them lodged in Miami, Tucson, El Paso and
McAllen, Tex.

But Tarr and Keefer said agency-wide reviews had not found evidence of "systemic
corruption." Agency officials also cautioned against drawing any conclusions
from the statistical data, expressing doubts about their accuracy. Customs is
creating a new computer system to collect such data, the officials said.

The IG report, though, provided a glimpse of the management problems. Among the
findings:

* A Customs inspector admitted placing marijuana in the luggage of a cruise ship
passenger. But investigating agents never tried to resolve conflicting witness
statements and failed to coordinate with the U.S. attorney's office about
possible prosecution. "The inspector, although verbally admonished, was allowed
to continue working," the report said. The inspector later received seven cash
awards and one promotion.

* An investigation into the drug smuggling activity of a Customs employee's
live-in companion did not take into account previous probes on similar
allegations.

* Customs management looked into an allegation that an employee drove a
government-owned car under the influence of alcohol and left the scene of an
accident. "A supervisor who had been drinking with the employee on the night of
the incident conducted the management inquiry," the report said.

* An employee under criminal investigation received two cash awards and one
"time off" award during the four years it took to complete the probe.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post

                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 8, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

SCOOPS

SECTION: A Section; A02

LENGTH: 384 words


A glance at noteworthy investigative reporting during the past week from the Web
site of Investigative Reporters and Editors (www.ire.org).

Sexual Misconduct Problem for Oregon Officers: Ian Demsky of Willamette Week in
Portland investigated the records of law enforcement and corrections officers in
Oregon whose licenses had been revoked. Since 2002, about one-third of the
revocations stemmed from sexual misconduct.

Danger of Mountaintop Mining: Ken Ward Jr. of the Charleston Gazette in West
Virginia continues his series on coal-mine safety with an article about the
dangers of working at mountaintop-removal mines in Appalachia. Ward reports,
among other things, that Appalachian strip mines account for 20 percent of the
nation's strip-mined coal but over the past decade accounted for 75 percent of
the nation's surface-mine deaths.

Texas Law Stymies Defense Attorneys: Jeremy Rogalski of KHOU-TV in Houston
exposed an open secret of the Texas justice system: Texas prosecutors are not
letting defense attorneys see basic documents, such as police reports, witness
statements and DNA-test results, before trial. A Texas state law practically
eliminates pretrial discovery, often leaving defense attorneys unable to prepare
for court. Rogalski found that this has resulted in at least one wrongful
conviction, which sent an innocent man to prison for 13 years.

Conflict of Interest in Sealed Guardianship Cases: In the ongoing series "Your
Court, Their Secrets," investigating closed court records, Cheryl Phillips,
Maureen O'Hagan and Justin Mayo of the Seattle Times uncovered conflicts of
interest in sealed guardianship cases. "Only a small circle of lawyers practice
in the guardianship field," they wrote. "Some say that to make a good living
they cannot limit their practice to one side or the other: They must represent
guardianship companies as well as the people subject to those companies'
control." This leaves wards vulnerable to guardians who profit by working both
sides of the system. This vulnerability is compounded by the fact that these
court records are sealed. Since 1990, 398 guardianship files have been sealed in
the state of Washington. The Times reviewed sealing orders for 376 of those
files to find that 97 percent did not meet the legal standard for sealing a
case.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post

                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

BRIEF: OSBI probing misconduct at jail

BYLINE: Bob Gibbins, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


May 11--TAHLEQUAH -- The Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation has opened a
probe into official misconduct at the Cherokee County Detention Center, a
spokeswoman for the agency confirmed Monday.

OSBI Public Information Officer Jessica Brown said Monday afternoon the
investigation is in its early stages, so officials have little to say at this
point.

Brown said she could not elaborate on specifics of the "official misconduct" or
on who may be involved. She said the case is believed to involve one CCDC
employee at this point.

"It could expand," she said.

"It sometimes does in cases of this nature, but not necessarily."

Brown said her agency was asked to conduct the investigation last week by the
Cherokee County Sheriff's Office.

The OSBI will be interviewing potential witnesses, as well as the employee
allegedly involved in the misconduct.

After the investigation is complete, a report will be presented to the district
attorney's office for a determination on whether charges will be filed.

To see more of the Tahlequah Daily Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tahlequahdailypress.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Tahlequah Daily Press,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100511-TD-BRF-OSBI-probing-misconduct-at-jail-0511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                      Copyright 2010 Tahlequah Daily Press

                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 5, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Complaints To Review Unit About Police Increase 46%

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 25;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk;  Second Front

LENGTH: 745 words


The Civilian Complaint Review Board yesterday reported a 46 percent increase in
complaints of police brutality and other abuses in the first six months of this
year compared with the same period in 1993.

The board and the Police Department received 2,190 complaints through June,
including reports of 220 beatings, 24 uses of flashlights as clubs, 15
pistol-whippings and 153 threats of force. At the same time, reports of
offensive language by the police, like ethnic or racial slurs, decreased 9
percent, to 255 incidents from 281, the board said.

Officials of the review board and the Police Department said the increase in
complaints of abuses in large part reflects a renewed aggressiveness on the part
of the Police Department under Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, including his
crackdown on squeegee window washers, graffiti vandals and people who urinate in
public or drink alcohol on city streets.

There has been a 17.5 percent increase in arrests through September.

Hector W. Soto, the executive director of the review board, said he could not
conclude that the increase in complaints meant that the police were acting more
abusively. He said that the increase in allegations filed was at least in part
caused by the increase of 3,000 officers patrolling the streets in recent
months, as well as the publicity surrounding the Rodney King trial in Los
Angeles, the corruption scandal at the 30th Precinct in Harlem and the Mollen
Commission's investigation into police corruption.

Mr. Soto also noted that increasing numbers of officers are reporting
infractions committed by their colleagues. The surge in reported offenses may
also show that people are more likely to go to the review board since it began
operating independently from the Police Department a little over a year ago.

Board officials said they cannot say how many of the complaints are valid, in
large part because many of the investigations are just beginning.

David M. Zornow, chairman of the Civilian Complaint Review Board, said the board
had a backlog of cases over four months of 3,100. Five hundred new complaints
filed in October are straining the board's limited resources even further.

"A large backlog is troublesome because it may mean that cases are not being
reviewed and disposed of as quickly as they should be," Mr. Zornow told a City
Council hearing yesterday. "Justice delayed is justice denied."

Of 509 cases reviewed by the board between January and June, fewer than 1 in 10
was substantiated. In scores of cases, officers were either exonerated or the
complaint was withdrawn, or the reported victim was uncooperative.

Peter LaPorte, Police Commissioner William J. Bratton's chief of staff, said he
welcomed the increase in reporting, saying that citizens "are getting better at
reporting these things, and that's good."

But critics of the Police Department seized on the report to suggest that it
showed that officers needed to be better trained and more carefully commanded.

"We have a younger Police Department that is not supervised properly," said
Councilman Victor Robles of Brooklyn, the Democratic whip and a senior member of
the Public Safety Committee.

"The brutality has increased because of the aggressive nature of Bratton's
strategies," said Norman Siegel, executive director of the New York Civil
Liberties Union. He also attributed much of the increased reporting to that "it
is now civilians investigating complaints and not police personnel."

Civil liberties advocates have complained that Mr. Bratton is stretching police
powers with new strategies that instruct officers to stop and question suspected
teen-age truants, search pedestrians who might be carrying guns, arrest
suspected drug buyers for trespassing, and confiscate the cars of johns caught
in the act of propositioning prostitutes or police decoys posing as prostitutes.

Allegations of "abuse of authority" by people who were searched by the police
increased to 213 in the first six months of this year from 86 for the same
period in 1993. Meanwhile, 56 complaints were filed by people asserting that
their premises were searched illegally, compared with 11 the year before.

The board has 13 members, appointed by the mayor; 66 civilian investigators, and
subpoena power. Before it became an independent body in summer 1993, its
predecessor had a board of six members appointed by the mayor and six members
appointed by the police commissioner.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "TALLY -- Finding Fault With the Force" Allegations of
misconduct against New York City Police Department officers reported by the
Civilian Complaint Review Board. Figures are for January through June. (The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

White aiming to upgrade cop probes

BYLINE: Tom McGhee

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 670 words


Denver Police Chief Robert White will replace the head of the Internal Affairs
Bureau and the division's staff in an attempt to heal police relations with the
public and improve investigations into police misconduct.

He announced the changes Tuesday, part of an ongoing shake-up of a department
rattled by allegations of police brutality and questions about the adequacy of
internal investigations of officers.

During the same news conference, Manager of Safety Alex Martinez, who oversees
Denver's Sheriff, Fire and Police departments, named retired Judge John Jess
Vigil, 59, to a new position: deputy manager of police discipline.

In his new job, Vigil, who served on the Adams County Court and District Court
for the 17th Judicial District, will oversee investigations of police and
command-staff reviews of the cases before they go to Martinez, who makes the
final determination on discipline.

Before he left his position as Denver's independent monitor in December, Richard
Rosenthal issued a report questioning the ability of police to investigate cases
of officer misconduct. Rosenthal, who monitored internal investigations,
frequently recommended discipline in excessive-force cases that was tougher than
officers had been subject to before he arrived in 2005.

White said questions raised by Rosenthal played a part in his decision to shake
up internal affairs.

While he praised the work done by current internal-affairs Cmdr. John Burbach
and his staff and said Burbach was instrumental in implementing new discipline
regulations, White said there is a perception among some people that internal
affairs sides with cops.

The public won't cooperate with police if residents don't believe internal
affairs is capable of unbiased investigations, White said.

He appointed Division Chief Mary Beth Klee, 53, a 29-year veteran of the
department, to head the Internal Affairs Bureau. Officers now handling
internal-affairs investigations will be replaced by 12 sergeants whom she will
pick.

"I have already developed a list of sergeant investigators, men and women I know
that have integrity, honorable people that care about the Police Department and
the perception that people have of it," she said.

Martinez said he expects the appointment of Vigil to decrease the amount of time
it takes to reach a decision on discipline meted out to officers.

Rosenthal set a goal of resolving 95 percent of all complaints lodged against
police within 150 days of the date they were received. Last year, the time to
resolve complaints tumbled to 69 days from 106 days in 2010.

Martinez, a former state Supreme Court justice, and White, who previously headed
the Louisville, Ky., Police Department, were appointed after Mayor Michael
Hancock was sworn in last July.

Martinez said he was happy with the improvement in complaint resolution, adding
that even as the time needed to complete investigations has dropped, the number
of terminations and suspensions of more than 10 days has risen.

"But Chief White and I didn't come aboard to be satisfied with the past,"
Martinez said. "We are here and determined to make significant improvements in
the Department of Safety and Police Department, particularly in this important
area of police discipline."

As part of his reorganization, White plans to eliminate a layer of senior
administration and reassign some or all of the commanders in the city's six
districts, replacing some of them by promoting lower-ranking officers.

He has said he will boost the number of officers available to patrol the streets
by as many as 70 men and women, but that will happen over time and depend on the
department's budget.

White said he will move those new patrol officers into the divisions by
reassigning some members of specialized units, such as the gang bureau, and
hiring civilians to handle some jobs now held by cops.

The changes will increase accountability, make the department more responsive to
residents and improve its ability to fight crime, he has said.

Tom McGhee: 303-954-1671 or tmcghee@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Denver Manager of Safety Alex Martinez speaks Tuesday at a news
conference where it was announced that the Denver Police Department's Internal
Affairs Bureau would have its chief and staff replaced. Retired Judge John Jess
Vigil, left, was introduced as the deputy manager of police discipline for the
Department of Safety, and Division Chief Mary Beth Klee, right, will head
internal affairs. Police Chief Robert White, second from right, said he wants to
improve perceptions of how police monitor and discipline their own. Craig F.
Walker, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              July 23, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Agents always go where players are

BYLINE: Joe Henderson, jhenderson@tampatrib.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 689 words


NCAA, schools in tough position when policing athlete contacts.

By Joe Henderson

jhenderson@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - Asked why he robbed banks, the notorious Willie Sutton famously
remarked, "Because that's where the money is."

Logical.

Given that line of thought, it's also logical that several Southeastern
Conference schools have ongoing issues with sports agents. Why the SEC
especially?

Because that's where the players are.

NCAA investigators are headed to Georgia next as part of a probe into potential
agent misconduct. Florida, Alabama and South Carolina have gotten caught up in
it, too. Don't feel left out if you're not on that list. Even if your allegiance
is outside the SEC, this mess eventually will come to a school near you.

As you can imagine, agent misconduct was the top topic this week at the SEC
media days. Alabama coach Nick Saban won the award for quote of the week,
telling reporters, "The agents that do this - and I hate to say this - but how
are they any better than a pimp?"

Then there was this take from Florida's Urban Meyer.

He told the media, rule-breakers - both athletes and agents - need to "pay a
serious price" for putting entire programs in jeopardy through misconduct.

Meyer has a point, but those who say coaches like him and Saban are hypocritical
have a point, too.

Division I football coaches can make millions annually in salary and
endorsements while proclaiming the virtue of amateur athletics. The rules funnel
money away from athletes and into the hands of coaches and athletic department
bean-counters. It has been that way since college presidents first figured out
people would pay a lot of money to support big-time programs.

No one anticipated the vast sums of cash these programs would generate when they
made rules to ensure college athletics would be built on the philosophy of
books, board and tuition, though.

More money means more potential for trouble.

To be fair, the system has worked remarkably well for the vast majority of
athletes. Lest we forget, they are students as well as athletes and they have
the opportunity to leave school with a college degree.

There are many, though, who are just passing through on their way to the pros.
With football generating more money than ever, abuse might as well be accepted
as part of the scene.

The NCAA can't stop this because the NCAA is part of the problem.

Its standard practice is to penalize schools when things go wrong, even if the
behavior was beyond the school's reasonable ability to control. That's like
arresting the bank teller while Willie Sutton drives off in a Jaguar.

For agents, grabbing just a couple of top players can make the difference
between living the high life on South Beach or working the midnight shift at a
convenience store, so what do they really care what the NCAA thinks?

Every Division I program lectures players on what they can and can't do. They
have compliance officers to make sure even the most ticky-tack rules are
followed. Then someone throws a party on South Beach and, well, how do schools
police that?

Speaking of South Beach ?

A party there during Memorial Day weekend has the attention of investigators.
Several top players from various programs allegedly attended, so NCAA snoops
want to know who was on the guest list and who paid for the shindig. If the
party was financed by anyone linked to an agent, expect fire mixed with
hailstones to fall from the sky.

Saban argued there should be "some consequences" for agents who break the law.

What he really means is, "We can't compete with a weekend on South Beach, so
lock 'em up."

There are criminal penalties for improper agent conduct in many states,
including Florida. That's where the crackdown should come - a cooperative effort
between the NCAA and law enforcement. A few high-profile busts might give some
agents cause for pause.

Then again, Willie Sutton was arrested many times, and it never seemed to stop
him. Agents won't stop either. They'll keep going where the players are because
players are money in the bank.

Photo: Urban Meyer

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune

                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 17, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Prosecutors Not Penalized, Lawyer Says

BYLINE:  By ANDREA ELLIOTT

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1093 words


A lawyer who won the largest wrongful conviction settlement in the city's
history said yesterday that during his investigation he uncovered dozens of
cases of prosecutorial misconduct in the Bronx district attorney's office that
did not result in disciplinary action.

A review of appellate decisions showed that judges had cited prosecutors for
misconduct in 72 cases over a 21-year period, ranging from a prosecutor who
invoked the Bible in closing arguments to a prosecutor who knowingly let the
sole witness in a murder case lie to the jury, said the lawyer, Joel B. Rudin.

While the misconduct was often egregious and contributed to the reversal of 62
of the cases, only one prosecutor involved was disciplined by the district
attorney's office, said Mr. Rudin, who examined personnel records that the city
turned over to him. All the other prosecutors continued to get merit raises and
bonuses, according to the records.

Officials in the district attorney's office denied that prosecutorial misconduct
was frequent or went unpunished. They said that in the 72 cases that Mr. Rudin
highlighted, sanctions might have been issued that were not reflected in the
prosecutors' personnel records.

"The Bronx district attorney takes even unfounded allegations of prosecutorial
misconduct very seriously," said Anthony J. Girese, counsel to the district
attorney. "Any time we hear a complaint of prosecutorial misconduct from the
court or the defense attorneys, or even from the defendant, we do look into it."

The cases identified by Mr. Rudin cover a period from 1975 to 1996, and span the
administrations of two Bronx district attorneys, Mario Merola, who died in 1987,
and the current district attorney, Robert T. Johnson.

Mr. Rudin's client, Alberto Ramos, won a $5 million settlement this month, 11
years after he was released from prison because of a wrongful conviction in a
child sex abuse case. In the 1992 reversal, the judge found that the trial
prosecutor had withheld evidence that most likely would have exonerated Mr.
Ramos. He later filed a civil suit, but to win damages from a jury he needed to
prove that the prosecutor's actions were caused by a policy or practice of
misconduct in the district attorney's office. The city settled on Sept. 4.

The withholding of exculpatory evidence and other forms of prosecutorial
misconduct are problems in courts nationwide, legal experts say. There is
disagreement about whether offending prosecutors are sanctioned often or
severely enough, but the lack of disciplinary action by the Bronx district
attorney in dozens of cases where misconduct was cited -- with some prosecutors,
repeatedly -- is evidence of a policy of tolerance, Mr. Rudin said.

"Here you have people with the power to destroy lives, and when they do it by
withholding evidence, there is no sanction," he said.

Officials in the Bronx district attorney's office said that the citings were not
conclusive evidence that misconduct occurred willfully, or that a pattern
existed, given the high volume of felony cases tried in the 21-year period --
about 100,000.

Others in the legal profession said that misconduct was sometimes a necessary
part of the learning curve. "Everybody makes mistakes -- if we have a
zero-tolerance policy in the legal profession, everyone is going to get
disbarred," said Joshua K. Marquis, district attorney of Astoria, Ore., and a
member of the board of directors of the National District Attorneys Association.

The cases that Mr. Rudin highlighted involved 74 prosecutors -- 14 of whom were
cited for misconduct in several cases. In one such case, a prosecutor who was
hired in 1978 and retired in 1984 was cited for prosecutorial misconduct in the
appellate decisions of five criminal cases.

He was singled out in a manslaughter reversal in 1985 for "confusing and
misleading the jury." In that ruling, the judge recalled the prosecutor's cited
misconduct in another manslaughter case that had been reversed and concluded
that his conduct and actions "can only be viewed as willful and deliberate."

But according to his personnel records, his salary continued to rise steadily
until he retired, and included merit raises and bonuses.

Eighteen of the 72 cases involved prosecutors withholding evidence that might
have helped the defendant. All 18 cases were overturned.

Among them was People v. Lantigua, a murder case that went to trial in 1992. The
case depended on a sole witness who allegedly saw the murder from her window.
Prosecutors argued that she was alone and had no distraction, when the witness
had confided to one of the prosecutors before the trial that she had "snuck out"
to meet a man.

The judge said the failure to disclose the conversation was "especially
egregious." The prosecutors were never sanctioned, according to their personnel
records, Mr. Rudin said.

Mr. Ramos was 21 years old and a part-time employee at the Concourse Day Care
Center in the Bronx when, in 1984, he was arrested and charged with raping a
5-year-old girl whose class he helped supervise. While in prison, Mr. Ramos, 40,
said he endured beatings, was sodomized and tried to commit suicide several
times.

"Every day for me was hell," Mr. Ramos said in an interview at his attorney's
office. Mr. Ramos, who recently left the military and wants to be a chef, said
he did not want to talk about the millions he won.

"I don't think it's really about the money," said Mr. Ramos, sitting upright in
a crisply ironed blue shirt and tie, his hands folded tightly in front of him.
"I think it's about an injustice done to a minority who didn't have the funds of
someone who was better off."

Mr. Ramos's conviction largely rested, Mr. Rudin said, on the testimony of one
of the doctors, who said the girl would not have been able to describe in such
detail what happened to her if she had not been abused.

What the jury never heard was testimony from day care center workers that the
girl had masturbated frequently in class and had extensive knowledge of sexual
acts prior to the alleged abuse. They also never heard testimony that the child
had told city social workers that Mr. Ramos had done nothing to her.

The trial prosecutor, Diana Farrell, had the obligation to make this evidence
known to the defense, and failed to do so, according to the 1992 reversal.
Officials of the district attorney's office said they were not at liberty to
discuss whether any disciplinary action was taken against Ms. Farrell. Repeated
efforts to get in touch with Ms. Farrell, who is no longer with the district
attorney's office, were unsuccessful.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Alberto Ramos won a $5 million wrongful-conviction settlement
with New York City. (Photo by Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)(pg. B4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company

                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 8, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Ex-Md. Aides Charged In State Games Abuses;
Audit Queried Use of $ 460,000 in Program

Dan Beyers, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 711 words


Two former state officials who oversaw Maryland's troubled State Games program
were charged yesterday with official misconduct and conspiracy after an 11-month
investigation by the attorney general.

A Baltimore City grand jury indicted John M. Staubitz Jr., 43, a former deputy
secretary in the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, on four
counts of official misconduct and one count of conspiracy to commit misconduct
in office.

In announcing the indictments, Maryland Attorney General Joseph J. Curran Jr.
also said James Narron, who headed the nonprofit Maryland State Games Foundation
and reported to Staubitz, was being charged with conspiracy to commit misconduct
in office in the misappropriation of state and foundation funds and property.

Staubitz and Narron were dismissed from office in December, after a state audit
raised questions about more than $ 460,000 in State Games expenditures,
including airplane tickets and scholarships that went to Staubitz's relatives.
The audit also questioned the State Games program's use of Ocean City
condominiums and a country club membership.

Controversy over the expenditures ultimately led Health Secretary Adele A.
Wilzack to resign despite the support of Gov. William Donald Schaefer, who said
the secretary had trusted her subordinates.

The State Games program was launched as a largely volunteer, nonprofit effort in
1985 to sponsor an annual sports festival with competitions for different age
and skill groups. It was taken over by the state two years later and expanded,
with the idea of creating an outlet to lure young people away from drugs and
alcohol. The 1990 State Games attracted 3,000 participants to Frostburg State
University and included 30 sports.

The State Games program also helped sponsor national table tennis and fencing
competitions, and officials took the lead in the state's failed bid to bring a
U.S. Olympic festival to Maryland.

In the aftermath of the controversy over management of the program, the state
shifted responsibility for it from the health department to the Department of
Economic and Employment Development. Last summer, a scaled-down version of the
games was held that relied heavily on volunteer support.

The indictments accuse Staubitz of lying to and obstructing various legislative
committees and legislative auditors investigating the State Games program.
Staubitz also allegedly engaged in conflict of interest, forged and falsified
records and misappropriated property belonging to the state and to the nonprofit
Maryland State Games Foundation, according to the indictments. The wrongdoing
allegedly occurred between March 1989 and December 1990, the indictments say.

Staubitz, who is to be arraigned Oct. 28, could not be reached for comment
yesterday. His attorney, M. Albert Figinski, said Staubitz "intends to enter a
vigorous plea of not guilty." Figinski said Staubitz's "reputation has been
severely tarnished by the reporting that has gone on so far regarding this
issue. He's been punished by the damage to his reputation and by the loss of a
job after 18 years of state service."

The charges he faces are common-law misdemeanors and have no minimum or maximum
penalties associated with them. If Staubitz is found guilty, "a judge can impose
any punishment as long as it isn't cruel and unusual," said Carolyn H. Henneman,
an assistant attorney general.

Neither Narron nor his attorney, Ira Cooke, could be reached for comment.

An auditor's report on the State Games program, issued Dec. 21, found that
Staubitz directed the Carroll County Health Department to apply for a federal
antidrug grant and then channel that money to the State Games Foundation.

The audit found that three State Games employees were put on Staubitz's payroll
and that program officials awarded his niece a $ 3,020 scholarship for her work
as a volunteer.

The audit also found that Staubitz's sister and two nieces, who also were
volunteers, received $ 2,490 in airplane tickets from the foundation to attend a
national softball tournament. The tickets were given to the foundation in return
for promotional considerations. The audit noted that the foundation bought two
cars and a van from a dealership that employed Staubitz's father.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post

                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           September 1, 2005 Thursday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 483 words


Police officer under sex-crime probe

State police are investigating an allegation of "criminal sexual misconduct"
that Santa Fe police say involves one of their officers, officials said
Wednesday.

Information about the incident was scarce Wednesday, but state police Lt. Jimmy
Glascock confirmed the existence of an investigation. Glascock refused to
provide more information.

Santa Fe Police Chief Beverly Lennen said an allegation of possible criminal
misconduct was brought to the department's attention within the last month and
was referred to state police.

She refused to provide details about the nature of the alleged misconduct, but
said it didn't occur while the officer was on duty.

She said state police investigators asked her not to comment on the allegation
and to hold off conducting an internal investigation "to make sure nothing
compromises their work."

Unidentified body found behind store

The unidentified body of a man between 35 and 40 years old was found behind the
Walgreens on St. Francis Drive on Wednesday morning, police said.

There were no signs of foul play, and police suspect the man was a Mexican
national, Santa Fe Deputy Police Chief Eric Johnson said. The man, found near
Pen Road behind Walgreens, was wearing a yellow shirt, blue jeans and
black-and-white shoes.

One of two men who were with the dead man went to Walgreens about 11:45 a.m. and
said the man had collapsed and needed help, Johnson said. However, when police
arrived, the two men were too intoxicated to provide information, he said.

An autopsy is scheduled for today, he said.

Hurricane-relief workers sought

The state Department of Health is seeking respiratory therapists, emergency
physicians, internal-medicine physicians, registered nurses and
emergency-medical technicians to volunteer to help victims of Hurricane Katrina.

Those interested should fax their professional history, contact information,
employee and state professional license number to 827-1938 or 476-7810. For more
information, call 476-7701.

Also, the Children, Youth and Families Department will accept donations of
diapers, nonperishable baby formula and baby food for the hurricane's youngest
victims. CYFD will route the donations to the RoadRunner Food Bank. For the
nearest CYFD office, call (800) 610-7610.

Voter group plans Labor Day rally

The New Mexico Voter Services Coalition is holding its sixth annual Labor Day
Voter Mobilization Rally at the state Capitol on Monday.

Coalition president Bob Moses said speakers will discuss the war, the proposed
renewal of the federal Voting Rights Act, the war on drugs, alternative fuel and
local issues, including the proposed Wal-Mart Supercenter.

Speakers include Lonna Gooden Vanhorn, a Roswell grandmother who recently drove
her truck, decorated with antiwar messages, to Crawford, Texas, to join war
protester Cindy Sheehan.

The rally is set for noon on the east side of the Capitol.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican

                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 19, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Arlington to Pay Inmates Who Alleged Sex Abuse

Brooke A. Masters, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 635 words


Arlington County jail officials said yesterday that they have agreed to overhaul
their sexual misconduct policies, submit to outside monitoring and pay
settlements to eight women who say they suffered sexual abuse at the hands of
guards while incarcerated there last year.

The misconduct lasted for at least six months but less than a year, Chief Deputy
Sheriff Mike Raffo said. Five guards either were forced to resign or left their
jobs voluntarily and two others were suspended, Raffo said.

He said that although some of the sexual misconduct involved physical contact,
there was no intercourse or physical coercion. Most of the incidents came to
light through an internal investigation, Raffo said.

Most of the guards involved were punished for failing to report incidents or
refusing to cooperate in the investigation, he said. "There were no
circumstances where the contact was uninvited . . . . There's no rape or force
issue," Raffo said.

But Victor M. Glasberg, the inmates' attorney, said, "There is no such thing as
'consensual' behavior between a female inmate and her guard."

Neither Raffo nor Glasberg would say how much money the inmates received or
provide details of the sexual misconduct involved.

Under the terms of the agreement, which will be formally announced today, the
American Civil Liberties Union's National Prison Project will work with Sheriff
Thomas N. Faust to develop a sexual misconduct policy that guarantees
confidentiality to female inmates who complain and protects them from
retaliation.

Raffo said the jail is changing the way it handles prisoners' grievances.
Written complaints will be picked up daily by prison officials rather than a
couple of times a week, so that urgent concerns can be acted on more quickly and
will not be as vulnerable to being seen by the guards.

The agreement also requires improved training for guards and orientation for new
inmates on how to file a complaint.

"The sheriff is taking positive steps that hopefully can provide a model for
other institutions," said ACLU attorney Giovanna Shay. The project will monitor
the results until 2004, Shay said.

The settlement comes as sexual contact between guards and prisoners has become a
national issue. Earlier this month, Amnesty International reported that women
inmates across the country are routinely subjected to sexual abuse by male
guards. The group said the problem is becoming critical as the number of female
prisoners grows. Nationally, the number of women in prison more than tripled
from 1985 to 1997, rising to 138,000.

Curt Goering, deputy executive director of Amnesty International USA, hailed the
Arlington agreement as "a first step in the right direction toward establishing
the procedures necessary to prevent sexual misconduct." He added, however, that
it would be better to set up an outside body to investigate complaints, rather
than handling them internally, as the agreement allows. Amnesty also advocates
hiring female guards to supervise female prisoners, he said.

In Arlington, male and female prisoners are sometimes overseen by officers of
the opposite sex, Raffo said. About 18 percent of Arlington inmates -- or about
80 at any given time -- are women, he said.

Unlike Maryland and the District, Virginia is currently one of about a dozen
states where it is not a crime for guards to have sex with prisoners.

But that may be about to change. The General Assembly passed a bill two weeks
ago that would make such sexual contact a felony, and it is awaiting the
signature of Gov. James S. Gilmore III (R). Del. William J. Howell (R-Stafford)
said he introduced the bill at the request of regional jail officials on the
Northern Neck who were concerned that sexual contact "could be a discipline
problem within the jail."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post

                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 25, 2009 Wednesday

BRIEF: Kansas resident arrested on charges of sexual misconduct

BYLINE: The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 247 words


Nov. 25--An Independence, Kan., man is facing Jasper County charges of sexual
misconduct.

Octavian C. Castorena, 43, was arrested Monday at his home after allegedly
having a sexually explicit online conversation with a person he believed to be a
juvenile he met over the Internet.

The "juvenile" in reality was Ed Bailey, a detective with the Jasper County
Sheriff's Department who is assigned to the Southwest Missouri Cyber Crimes Task
Force.

Bailey on Tuesday said he was posing as a 13-year-old girl when he encountered
Castorena in an Internet chat room on Oct. 5. During a single chat, Castorena
allegedly engaged in a sexually explicit conversation with the "girl" and
exposed himself via a webcam, according to a news release from Jasper County
authorities.

Bailey coordinated with the Independence Police Department, whose officers
arrested Castorena at his home at the same time they served a search warrant. He
was charged with sexual misconduct with a child, which is a Class D felony.

Castorena's computer and other evidence were seized at the scene, authorities
said.

To see more of The Joplin Globe or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.joplinglobe.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Joplin Globe, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091125-JL-BRF-Kansas-resident-arrested-on-charges-of-sexual-misconduct
-1125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                                 Copyright 2009

                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 March 14, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Police officer: Firing was retaliation

BYLINE: Kathy Scruggs and Lyda Longa; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 04B

LENGTH: 317 words


An Atlanta police officer was fired Wednesday after a 1991 video recently
surfaced allegedly showing him torturing another man during a second job billed
as stress training for executives.

Chief Beverly Harvard confirmed that she fired Officer William Hanrahan, but she
would not discuss the case because Hanrahan is suing her over another matter.

Bill McKenney, Hanrahan's attorney, charged the dismissal was retaliation over
the February lawsuit demanding the department return Hanrahan's German Shepherd,
a bomb-sniffing dog he donated to the K-9 unit. He said he will amend the suit
to include the alleged retaliation.

Hanrahan, 32, a seven-year veteran, was dismissed from the K-9 unit last year
after the tape surfaced. He was fired Wednesday for allegedly being untruthful
and exhibiting conduct unbecoming an officer, McKenney said.

Hanrahan, a former U.S. Marine with commendations from George Bush and other
dignitaries in his file, was granted permission to work the second job on
weekends in St. Louis, Mo., in 1991, McKenney said. He was paid to role-play
with globe-trotting executives who wanted to undergo stress they might endure if
kidnapped.

Police described the tape as showing clients being beaten, kicked, shocked,
strapped to a chair and having their heads dunked in toilets. Hanrahan also
allegedly used a racial slur.

But McKenney said no clients complained and Hanrahan did not represent himsel f
as an Atlanta police officer.

"Her (Harvard's) decision was based on personal feeling, emotionalism and
speculation - not the facts," McKenney said. "The chief is the subject of the
lawsuit and she made the decision to fire him.

"When he had any suspicions the clients were not valid corporate executives
seeking stress-related survivial and hostage training, he quit and informed
other police officers that they should also discontinue any services."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                April 29, 1998, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
McVeigh lawyers allege his jury was tainted

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 960 words


Timothy McVeigh's lawyers told a federal appeals court in Denver on Tuesday that
he deserves a new trial in the Oklahoma City bombing because of juror misconduct
and the publication of a purported confession from him just before the case
began. The lawyers also argued in front of a three-judge panel of the 10th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals that the judge at the trial, Richard Matsch, unfairly
restricted questioning of prospective jurors about the death penalty.

Prosecutor Sean Connelly countered that the jury that convicted McVeigh and
sentenced him to death for the April 1995 bombing of the Oklahoma City federal
building was impartial and diligent. The bombing claimed 168 lives. A ruling
from the appeals court is not expected before the summer.

The claim of juror misconduct stemmed from a comment one juror allegedly made to
another during a recess, before the prosecution's case was completed and the
defense had started. According to defense attorney Robert Nigh, the juror said,
"We know what the verdict should be." Nigh argued that the judge should have
held a hearing to determine whether the jury had been tainted. Better military
health plan sought Retired members of the armed services and advocates for
families of active-duty personnel pleaded for the right to leave the military
medical system and enroll in the federal employees' health care plan. Witnesses
at hearings by a House subcommittee in Washington, including a retired master
sergeant and the wife of a brigadier general, described the Defense Department's
Tricare program as a system that hinders the delivery of the medical care it is
supposed to provide. In place of Tricare, the witnesses have been pressing for
access to the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan, the medical insurance
program for federal employees and retirees, members of Congress and political
appointees. Hustler publisher to surrender Larry Flynt plans to surrender to
Cincinnati authorities Thursday on charges that his store sold sex videos,
including at least one to a 14-year-old boy, his attorney said. The Hustler
magazine publisher was scheduled for arraignment May 5 but decided to surrender
this week instead, said his attorney, H. Louis Sirkin. Flynt will turn himself
in at the Hamilton County courthouse, the attorney said. A judge already has
approved Flynt's release on his own recognizance. Religious broadcaster settles
suit Pat Robertson settled the libel suit of a former law professor who claimed
the religious broadcaster likened him and other professors to Jonestown cult
leader Jim Jones. The settlement was announced as jury selection was under way
in the case in Virginia Beach, Va. Its terms were not disclosed. Settlements
were reached with former law professors Paul Morken, Robert Bern and Jeffrey
Tuomala, said Glen A. Huff, an attorney for Robertson. Those suits were
scheduled to go to trial in federal court in August. The lawsuits stem from a
letter written by Robertson in February 1994 in which he accused a group of
professors of trying to shut down the law school at the evangelical Christian
university he had founded in Virginia Beach. Deaths of space rats spark protests
More baby rats have died aboard space shuttle Columbia, prompting protests
Tuesday from an animal rights group that accused NASA of having an "appalling
record" in animal research. NASA's chief veterinarian, Joseph Bielitzki, said 50
rats had died aboard Columbia because of maternal neglect, an increase from the
45 deaths reported Monday. The deaths drew harsh criticism from People for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals. "NASA has an appalling record. It can't keep
animals alive on the ground or in space," said Mary Beth Sweetland, director of
PETA's research, investigations and rescue department in Washington. Reputed
mobsters indicted A reputed mob boss and 11 others connected with organized
crime families were charged with demanding regular payments from businesses in
Manhattan's Garment District. The 12, who were all in custody, were charged in a
federal indictment with conspiring to commit racketeering and extortion by
collecting $ 30,000 to $ 40,000 a month since the mid-1980s. They could face up
to 20 years in prison if convicted. FBI Assistant Director Lewis Schiliro said
the arrests of Joseph Defede, alleged acting boss of the Luchese family, and 11
others, including alleged members and associates of the Gambino and Genovese
crime families, could help dismantle a mob hierarchy that threatened violence to
extort payoffs in the Garment District. Probe of congressman expanded The House
ethics committee said it has expanded an investigation of convicted Rep. Jay Kim
(R-Calif.) to include potential violations in three re-election campaigns ---
including his current primary race. Kim, who is serving a home-detention
sentence, has been investigated by the House since December for possible illegal
corporate contributions to his 1992 campaign --- and other matters. The ethics
committee said it voted unanimously April 22 to expand the inquiry by a
four-member investigative subcommittee. 3 guilty of starving girl to death The
mother and sister of a 9-year-old Towson, Md., girl were found guilty of
starving her to death, giving her nothing but a glass of water a day in the last
week of her life. Also convicted of second-degree murder was the sister's
boyfriend, who admitted abusing the girl but said he never meant for her to die.
Rita Fisher died last June of dehydration. On the night she died, her wrists and
ankles had been bound and she was covered in bruises. Prosecutors said the
mother, Mary Utley, 50, and sister Rose Fisher, 21, knew about the treatment the
girl received from Rose's boyfriend, Frank Scarpola, and did nothing.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution

                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday

Sexual misconduct allegations surface against former Scranton Jesuit

BYLINE: Joe McDonald, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Nov. 30--Jesuit officials in Maryland are looking into allegations that a Jesuit
with ties to Scranton Preparatory School, the University of Scranton and St.
Thomas More Church in Lake Ariel sexually abused minors while in Scranton.

The Maryland Province of the Society of Jesus, in a news release, said it was
seeking information about possible "abuse of minors" by the Rev. Neil McLaughlin
"during his ministry in Scranton."

According to Jesuit officials in Maryland, the Rev. McLaughlin has "disclosed
that there may be other victims of similar sexual misconduct in the Diocese of
Scranton."

The Rev. McLaughlin taught at Scranton Prep from 1961 to 1983 and held various
administrative jobs with the Alumni Association at the University of Scranton,
including Alumni Chaplain from 2002 through 2006, the news release said.

Bill Genello, a spokesman for the Diocese of Scranton, said all pastors in the
diocese have received a notice about Rev. McLaughlin. He said it will be
published in church bulletins this weekend and posted on the diocesan website
and published in The Catholic Light newspaper next week.

"We are assisting the Maryland Province Society in outreach to any potential
victims," Mr. Genello said.

Jesuit officials in Maryland said their inquiry stems from "recent information"
about possible victims in the Scranton area and a "credible allegation from an
adult female who contacted the Jesuits in 2008 regarding an abusive incident she
suffered as a young girl in Scranton in 1963. People who believe they are
victims of abuse by (the Rev.) McLaughlin should contact their local civil
authorities and then call the Maryland Province Jesuits at 443-921-1326."

The Rev. McLaughlin currently lives in a Jesuit community where he has limited
contact with the public and "his actions are monitored."

Contact the writer: jmcdonald@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101130-YT-Sexual-misconduct
-allegations-surface-against-former-Scranton-Jesuit-1130-20101130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune

                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             May 19, 2007 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

ANOTHER BENGALS PLAYER ARRESTED;
NICHOLSON'S PROBATION COULD BE IN JEOPARDY

BYLINE: From wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL NOTEBOOK; Pg. C-8

LENGTH: 482 words


Linebacker A.J. Nicholson was arrested on a domestic violence charge yesterday,
the first arrest of a Cincinnati Bengals' player since commissioner Roger
Goodell cracked down on misconduct last month.

Nicholson already was one of nine Bengals players arrested during a nine-month
span, turning the team into a prime example of player misconduct. The team had
gone four months without having a player arrested.

Police in nearby Taylor Mill, Ky., arrested Nicholson after a woman called 911
yesterday afternoon to say she had been assaulted by Nicholson. He was charged
with fourth-degree assault, a misdemeanor.

Nicholson, a fifth-round draft pick from Florida State in 2006, appeared in two
games last season, when he had a hamstring injury. In March 2006, Nicholson
pleaded no contest to burglary and grand theft in Tallahassee, Fla., and was
sentenced to two months in a work program. He had been charged with stealing
electronic equipment and other items from the apartment of a former Florida
State teammate.

Nicholson was also placed on two years' probation, which could be jeopardized by
his latest arrest.

Packers

Brett Favre slammed both hands on the podium, wanting to be clear: He never
suggested he couldn't win with this current group of Packers.

"Not once did I say anything about the guys I play with," Favre said at a news
conference before the team's minicamp.

Favre, 37, is recovering from offseason ankle surgery, and the team's medical
staff most likely will limit his participation in the three-day camp.

Dolphins

If Ricky Williams makes a comeback, it most likely will be with a new team.
Miami coach Cam Cameron, speaking publicly about Williams' latest drug relapse
for the first time, said nothing has changed regarding the suspended running
back's status.

But several Dolphins said they're ready to play without Williams, and Cameron
acknowledged it's difficult to salvage the careers of troubled players.

Colts

Peyton Manning spent the offseason hobnobbing with the president, participating
in victory celebrations and making guest appearances around the country. Now he
believes it's finally time to get back to football -- and defending their Super
Bowl title.

"In the past we've always come here after a disappointing playoff loss and been
able to put it behind us, and it's no different now," said Manning, the Super
Bowl MVP.

Falcons

U.S. Rep. Tom Lantos (D-Calif.) has joined the cause against Atlanta quarterback
Michael Vick, firing off a letter that urged NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to
"act swiftly and forcefully" if Vick was involved in dog fighting on his former
property.

Lantos pointed out that he's a senior member of the Oversight and Government
Reform Committee, which two years ago held highly publicized hearings on the use
of performance-enhancing drugs in professional sports. He raised the prospect of
government intervention if the NFL fails to discipline Vick.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: From left, receivers Marvin Harrison, Reggie Wayne and
quarterback Peyton Manning chat as the Super Bowl XLI champion Colts return to
minicamp yesterday at the team's training facility in Indianapolis.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Checking Up on Your Stockbroker

BYLINE: By RON LIEBER.

Twitter: @ronlieber

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; YOUR MONEY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1505 words


With the news this week that professionals who invest your retirement money will
soon have to do so with your best interests in mind, many people may go shopping
for a stockbroker to help them manage their life savings.

But anyone who does (or has already) ought to examine a working paper that three
professors released last month. Here's some of what they found:

â-  Among brokers employed from 2005 to 2015, 7.28 percent had at least one
disclosure in their industry records for a settled consumer complaint or worse.

â-  Many household-name firms have double the percentage of brokers with such
marks. Oppenheimer tops the list at 19.6 percent.

â-  Five of the 10 counties with the highest percentage of brokers with
disclosures are in Florida.

To spot-check these figures, I looked up all 50 Oppenheimer brokers within 25
miles or so of Palm Beach. Seventeen of them -- or 34 percent -- had spotty
records, and some had nine or 10 things to disclose. Then I called them all and
tried to ask them how they would advise readers to evaluate their records. The
company acknowledges that it has some work to do.

Before we get there, however, let's stop and talk about this data, where it
comes from and some of the assumptions the researchers made.

The brokerage industry is unique, or nearly so, in that there is an easy way for
consumers to look up and read about many of the problems that its employees have
had in the past. That happens through a website called BrokerCheck maintained by
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the nongovernment industry
regulator known as Finra.

When customers get into disputes with their brokers, the results of any formal
proceedings (often arbitration in this industry, as in so many others) generally
end up in BrokerCheck. So do any penalties from regulators or others. If the
broker has been fired for cause, this, too, will generally show up, as will any
personal tax liens on brokers or bankruptcies that they've filed.

Any of these items results in what the database refers to as a disclosure. A
disclosure is not evidence of wrongdoing in and of itself, because there are
disclosures even when a customer brings a complaint and arbitrators dismiss it.
Still, any disclosure ought to give a customer or potential customer pause.

So now come our academics, Mark Egan of the Carlson School of Management at the
University of Minnesota and Gregor Matvos and Amit Seru of the Booth School of
Business at the University of Chicago. Professor Matvos said that the three had
not pursued the research with any particular thesis or agenda, just curiosity
when they realized that they could run industrywide numbers. ''If you told us
we'd have 1 percent, that would have been reasonable to me,'' he said. They
ended up with 7.28 percent. He said he was surprised by the number of repeat
offenders.

The analysis relied on a particular definition of ''misconduct.'' To them, it is
fair to describe settled consumer complaints as misconduct. After all, the
median settlement amount that aggrieved consumers receive is $40,000, which
would pay for a lot of a lawyer's time to defend an innocent broker. A quarter
of the settlements exceed $120,000, though settlements generally include
boilerplate language about not having admitted or denied wrongdoing.

Industry representatives find this definition of misconduct absurd. ''Both
parties have their own incentives to settle,'' wrote Kevin Carroll, managing
director and associate general counsel at the Securities Industry and Financial
Markets Association, in a blog post about the paper. ''Cases frequently settle
in order to save time and money, to reduce risks and exposure, and to ensure
finality. Many if not most cases settle for reasons having nothing to do with
alleged 'misconduct.''' Plus, plenty of investors with buyer's remorse blame
their brokers, even when they signed off on risky investments themselves,
especially after the stock market collapse in 2008 and early 2009.

Professor Matvos said he still believed that their definition of misconduct was
conservative. He added that even when brokers had a complaint that was dismissed
or dropped, that was still predictive of future problems. And brokers who do
have disclosures for misconduct, by the professors' definition, are five times
as likely, on average, to end up with similar marks on their records in the
future as all other brokers. (The other broker disclosures that meet the
professors' definition of misconduct are regulatory actions, a job change after
an allegation, customer disputes with actual awards and completed civil
actions.)

It's also possible that the researchers are undercounting misconduct. Many
customers have no idea that their brokers are working them over, and others
never report it if they do figure it out. Some brokers manage to strip their
BrokerCheck files clean through a process called expungement. And the
researchers acknowledge that their numbers for some firms may include many
people registered with Finra who don't have any customer access, thus skewing
the data, since no customer would ever complain about them. They hope to address
this in future updates to the paper. (Another confusing part of the paper is
that different branches of the same parents, including UBS and Wells Fargo, show
up at both the top and bottom of the misconduct lists.)

But whatever the correct definition of misconduct, down in Florida,
Oppenheimer's roster of brokers would raise most reasonable people's eyebrows.
Most of the professionals there with disclosures have more than one. One person
who recently left the firm had a no-contest plea for felonious assault on his
record.

Michael Sandberg, a 26-year industry veteran, has 10 disclosures, including
seven settlements and a $10,000 fine from 2005 for frequent buying and selling
of mutual fund shares in client accounts. Charles Shalmi, who has been in the
business for 31 years, has nine disclosures, including a decade-old two-year
revocation of his ability to sell securities in Illinois. Neither man responded
to messages seeking comment and none of their colleagues with pockmarked records
would talk to me on the record either.

Does Oppenheimer have specific standards for whom it is willing to hire and
retain? Yes, according to the company, but they are proprietary. In a statement,
the company said that it had replaced the branch manager in Boca Raton, Fla. It
added that it was also making ''sweeping'' changes to its team of brokers there
and had already asked ''a number'' of them to leave.

Oppenheimer also has a new chief compliance officer, Doug Siegel. In an
interview, he said that he knew the firm's reputation when he began the job and
that the professors' study had become part of his assessment. What would he have
consumers make of the 19 percent misconduct figure for the firm over all or the
34 percent figure in Florida? ''Coming to a conclusion based on big statistical
analyses is difficult,'' he said.

He's right about that. After all, 80 percent of Oppenheimer's brokerage force
has a clean record, and many of them would no doubt do right by consumers. The
new fiduciary rule -- and ever-increasing compliance efforts at Oppenheimer and
elsewhere in the industry -- will probably help some.

Still, you cannot be too wary when turning your money over to a financial
professional. If you or your relatives are in Florida or your broker is, it sure
seems that you need to be especially careful. The researchers note that in
general, brokerage customers who are older, less educated and wealthier tend to
end up in trouble most often.

If your broker does have disclosures (and you should check every year or so for
new ones that may have popped up), ask some questions. If the response is
defensive, that ought to tell you something. If brokers don't like answering
your inquiries, perhaps they ought to work in an industry where there isn't as
much disclosure.

If the response is unintelligible, keep pressing. If the brokers have gotten in
trouble for pushing complex products that you (or they) don't understand, then
that is a significant sign as well. The money management industry is much too
complicated, and it's not your job to translate the gibberish that some of its
sales agents spew.

For any of these conversations to happen, however, you have to dive into
BrokerCheck in the first place. It takes 60 seconds. Do it right now; you'll
find links to the records of many financial planners in there as well.

Too many people do not do this, which is a source of endless frustration and
sadness to people like Professor Matvos. ''Despite the information being out
there, the most vulnerable people don't know that it's there,'' he said. ''The
big puzzle we face is how do we get those people to use the information at their
disposal?''

Make the most of your money. Every Monday get articles about retirement, saving
for college, investing, new online financial services and much more. Sign up for
the Your Money newsletter here.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/09/your-money/is-your-stockbroker-troubled-heres-
one-way-to-find-out.html

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY ROBERT NEUBECKER) (B1)
 CHART: Stockbrokers and Misconduct: A new study calculates the percentage of
stockbrokers at every firm who have committed misconduct at least once. The
authors define misconduct as a settled customer complaint, various regulatory
actions or other black marks. (Source: Study by Mark Egan, University of
Minnesota Carlson School of Management, and Gregor Matvos and Amit Seru,
University of Chicago Booth School of Business) (B3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company

                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Sen. Toomey, House Members Call for Senate to Act and Remove Child
Predators From Our Kids' Classrooms

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

U.S. Senator Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) and U.S. Representatives Mike Fitzpatrick
(R-Pa.), Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.), and Steve Stivers (R-Ohio) today called on
the Senate to take long-overdue action on their bipartisan bill to keep sexual
predators out of our kids' classrooms.


"Since January 1 of this year, over 325 teachers and other school employees
across America have been arrested for sexual misconduct with children .That is
more than one per school day," said Sen. Toomey. "Every story represents a
tragedy, a childhood shattered, and a family torn by grief, betrayal, and
self-blame. I am grateful for the support of those here today that have seen, or
experienced, these tragedies first-hand. As our children are going back to
school, it is time for the Senate to act to keep our kids safe."


"The transferring of teachers known or suspected of sexual misconduct between
school districts is known simply as 'Passing the Trash.' This shameful practice
was first brought to my attention in 2006 when I learned of the story of 12-year
old Jeremy Bell who was drugged, sexually abused, and then murdered by his
elementary school principal who had been passed between schools despite multiple
allegations of sexual misconduct. This could have been stopped. The Protecting
Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act passed the House unanimously last
October, and I am confident that it will be met with strong bipartisan support
on the Senate floor," said Rep. Fitzpatrick.

"As the father of two young children, nothing is more important to me than
protecting our nation's children," said Rep. Steve Stivers. "As our kids head
back to school this month, there is no better time for the Senate to act on this
important legislation than right now."

PARTICIPANTS:
U.S. Senator Pat Toomey
U.S. Representatives, Mike Fitzpatrick, Frederica Wilson, and Steve Stivers --
who spearheaded the effort that led the House to pass this bill unanimously.

Child Protection Advocates and Law Enforcement Officials from Across the
Country:
o Terri Miller, President, S.E.S.A.M.E. (Stop Educator Sexual Abuse, Misconduct
& Exploitation) from Nevada
o John Seryak, S.E.S.A.M.E from Columbus, Ohio
o Jon Adler, National President, Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association
o Melissa Borofsky, Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, former Assistant
District Attorney for the City of Philadelphia, Pa.
o Denise Edwards, National Children's Alliance
o Kelli Thompson, Pennsylvania Partnerships for Children
o David Freed, District Attorney, Cumberland County, Pa.

BACKGROUND: The Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act closes
the loopholes that led to the tragic death of 12-year-old Jeremy Bell. A school
in Delaware County, Pennsylvania dismissed a teacher for sexual misconduct but,
instead of acting to stop the predator, helped him land a new teaching job in
West Virginia. There, that teacher eventually raped and murdered 12-year-old
Jeremy Bell.

Senator Toomey's bipartisan bill requires schools to perform background checks
on all new and existing employees and forbids schools from hiring persons who
have been convicted of certain crimes-including any violent or sexual crime
against a child. It also bans schools from "passing the trash"-the practice
where a school allows a known child molester to resign quietly and helps the
predator find a new teaching job.

SUPPORTERS OF THE BILL:
Child Advocates
o National Children's Alliance
o Children's Defense Fund
o National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
o American Academy of Pediatrics
o PA Partnerships for Children
Law Enforcement
o Association of Prosecuting Attorneys
o Federal Law Enforcement Association
o Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association
Teachers
o American Federation of Teachers
o Pennsylvania School Boards Association

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Pennsylvania: Sen. Toomey, House Members Call for Senate to Act and Remove Child
Predators From Our Kids' Classrooms

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

U.S. Senator Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) and U.S. Representatives Mike Fitzpatrick
(R-Pa.), Frederica Wilson (D-Fla.), and Steve Stivers (R-Ohio) today called on
the Senate to take long-overdue action on their bipartisan bill to keep sexual
predators out of our kids' classrooms.


"Since January 1 of this year, over 325 teachers and other school employees
across America have been arrested for sexual misconduct with children .That is
more than one per school day," said Sen. Toomey. "Every story represents a
tragedy, a childhood shattered, and a family torn by grief, betrayal, and
self-blame. I am grateful for the support of those here today that have seen, or
experienced, these tragedies first-hand. As our children are going back to
school, it is time for the Senate to act to keep our kids safe."


"The transferring of teachers known or suspected of sexual misconduct between
school districts is known simply as 'Passing the Trash.' This shameful practice
was first brought to my attention in 2006 when I learned of the story of 12-year
old Jeremy Bell who was drugged, sexually abused, and then murdered by his
elementary school principal who had been passed between schools despite multiple
allegations of sexual misconduct. This could have been stopped. The Protecting
Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act passed the House unanimously last
October, and I am confident that it will be met with strong bipartisan support
on the Senate floor," said Rep. Fitzpatrick.

"As the father of two young children, nothing is more important to me than
protecting our nation's children," said Rep. Steve Stivers. "As our kids head
back to school this month, there is no better time for the Senate to act on this
important legislation than right now."

PARTICIPANTS:
U.S. Senator Pat Toomey
U.S. Representatives, Mike Fitzpatrick, Frederica Wilson, and Steve Stivers --
who spearheaded the effort that led the House to pass this bill unanimously.

Child Protection Advocates and Law Enforcement Officials from Across the
Country:
o Terri Miller, President, S.E.S.A.M.E. (Stop Educator Sexual Abuse, Misconduct
& Exploitation) from Nevada
o John Seryak, S.E.S.A.M.E from Columbus, Ohio
o Jon Adler, National President, Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association
o Melissa Borofsky, Association of Prosecuting Attorneys, former Assistant
District Attorney for the City of Philadelphia, Pa.
o Denise Edwards, National Children's Alliance
o Kelli Thompson, Pennsylvania Partnerships for Children
o David Freed, District Attorney, Cumberland County, Pa.

BACKGROUND: The Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act closes
the loopholes that led to the tragic death of 12-year-old Jeremy Bell. A school
in Delaware County, Pennsylvania dismissed a teacher for sexual misconduct but,
instead of acting to stop the predator, helped him land a new teaching job in
West Virginia. There, that teacher eventually raped and murdered 12-year-old
Jeremy Bell.

Senator Toomey's bipartisan bill requires schools to perform background checks
on all new and existing employees and forbids schools from hiring persons who
have been convicted of certain crimes-including any violent or sexual crime
against a child. It also bans schools from "passing the trash"-the practice
where a school allows a known child molester to resign quietly and helps the
predator find a new teaching job.

SUPPORTERS OF THE BILL:
Child Advocates
o National Children's Alliance
o Children's Defense Fund
o National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
o American Academy of Pediatrics
o PA Partnerships for Children
Law Enforcement
o Association of Prosecuting Attorneys
o Federal Law Enforcement Association
o Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association
Teachers
o American Federation of Teachers
o Pennsylvania School Boards Association

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 18, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

FOOTBALL;
Misconduct On Clarett Is Denied

BYLINE:  By MIKE FREEMAN

SECTION: Section D; Column 6; Sports Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 426 words


A special committee created by Ohio State to investigate allegations of academic
misconduct in the football program said yesterday that it found no evidence of
misconduct and no evidence of players' receiving preferential treatment in
class.

The committee was set up in July, after The New York Times reported that a
former teaching assistant, Norma McGill, had said that running back Maurice
Clarett had walked out of an African-American and African Studies class without
completing a midterm examination. Clarett did not retake the exam and did not
take the final written exam; he passed the class, held in fall 2002, by taking
oral exams instead.

McGill contended that Clarett had received special treatment in the class
because he was an athlete; Clarett was the only student out of about 80 in the
class to receive oral exams. The professor who taught the course, Paulette
Pierce, denied wrongdoing and said she had given some students oral examinations
in previous courses.

McGill also said that tutors sometimes did schoolwork for players, including the
writing of term papers.

Karen Holbrook, president of Ohio State, said at a news conference yesterday in
Columbus, Ohio, that the committee did not discover any instances of athletes'
receiving inappropriate assistance from tutors or professors.

Holbrook declined to disclose any specific information produced by the
investigation, citing federal privacy laws that prohibit universities from
publicly discussing academic information about students. University officials
did say that the committee had recommended that teaching assistants receive
additional training.

Ohio State's findings were passed on to the National Collegiate Athletic
Association, the university said.

Clarett led the Buckeyes to the national title last season, but he was suspended
for this season in September for receiving extra benefits worth thousands of
dollars and for lying to investigators. Clarett has denied breaking any N.C.A.A.
rules.

In November, The Columbus Dispatch reported that Clarett, whose academic
progress is being closely monitored by the university, was failing two classes,
including a physical education course. The newspaper reported that in a letter
to Clarett, Athletic Director Andy Geiger said that an African studies professor
would not allow Clarett back into her course because he had missed at least five
classes and had slept during others.

Clarett is challenging the National Football League's rules barring him from its
draft. He is not eligible until 2005 under existing rules.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company

                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 14, 1994, Thursday

Sheriff suspends officer for taping conversation

BYLINE: By Pamela Monastra STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 3

LENGTH: 419 words


A Gwinnett County Sheriff's Department lieutenant accused of taping a
conversation he had with Sheriff James Carsten has been suspended for three
days, according to the sheriff.

Lt. David Sullivan was suspended Wednesday for conduct unbecoming an officer and
for inefficiency, Carsten said.

"He's being suspended for being disloyal and the act of being disloyal - it's
not what's on the tape, but the act of taping without my consent," Carsten said.

Sullivan could not be reached for comment.

Carsten said Sullivan taped a January meeting held to discuss personnel matters
and the lieutenant later shared a recording of that meeting with subordinates.
Carsten said Sullivan now says he taped the meeting because he didn't have a
pencil.

Carsten declined to comment on the contents of the tape, saying it contains
confidential information regarding personnel and medical issues involving
employees.

But Sgt. Sharon Dewitt, an eight-year employee, said the subject of the meeting
was her request for a transfer out of the detention center. She said a transfer
was backed by her doctor after she suffered from continuing stress and other
medical problems after she felt blame was placed on her following an inmate's
suicide.

Tape contents disputed

Carsten denied that the conversation on the tape dealt with the transfer
requests by Dewitt. Dewitt said her medical problems stem from the July 2, 1993,
suicide of inmate John Marlow, 30, who hanged himself in his cell at the
Gwinnett County Detention Center. Dewitt said stress from the incident began to
take its toll on her physically and mentally, resulting in her October transfer
request. Carsten denied the transfer.

"The suicide - he blamed me for it," Dewitt said. "He backed me into a corner
and he was screaming to the point he was spitting. He threatened me with
suspension for neglecting the inmate."

Carsten denies he blamed Dewitt for Marlow's death. "Blame her? That's
absolutely ludicrous," Carsten said. "That's not true... Her role was very very
limited, and I commended everyone for the fine job. No, I did not blame her.
That's incorrect."

In January Dewitt again was turned down when she requested a transfer, she said.
On Feb. 7, Dewitt said, she was relieved of her duties until further notice by
the sheriff.

However, the sheriff said Dewitt is on sick leave and she can return when her
doctor says she's well enough. And, he said, she is most needed at the detention
center, and that is where Dewitt must return to work.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941200182

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 30, 2012 Wednesday

Mike in push to hasten firings of perv educators

BYLINE: David Seifman , and Carl Campanile

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 318 words


Fed up with pervy teachers abusing students, Mayor Bloomberg went on the attack
yesterday and proposed a state law that would make it easier to fire instructors
guilty of sexual misconduct.

Under a bill unveiled at Gracie Mansion, Schools Chancellor Dennis Walcott -
rather than a state arbitrator - would have final say on meting out punishment
to teachers who have inappropriate sexual relations with students.

Bloomberg complained there are too many cases in which arbitrators impose only a
slap on the wrist for sexual misconduct. And he said other city workers don't
have the same protections as teachers.

"There is simply no reason that teachers accused of sexual misconduct should
have greater job security than other city employees. The fact that they do
currently is wrong, it's dangerous, it is indefensible," said Bloomberg.

The measure is a shot across the bow of the teachers union, which immediately
panned the proposal.

"This proposed legislation would allow the chancellor to unilaterally find an
employee guilty of sexual misconduct even though an independent hearing officer
who has weighed all the evidence has determined otherwise," said United
Federation of Teachers president Mike Mulgrew.

"The power to ignore the evidence and an arbitrator's decision is not an answer
to [sexual misconduct]," he said.

Bloomberg shot back, "The teachers union is not there to protect our kids. The
teachers union is there to protect the members of that union. That is their
job."

The measure, which would apply to all districts statewide, is being introduced
in the Senate by Sen. Steven Saland (R-Poughkeepsie).

But Bloomberg faces an uphill climb in Albany during the final weeks of the
legislative session.

Gov. Cuomo and Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver reacted coolly. Spokesmen for
both the governor and the speaker said they would "review" the bill.

ccampanile@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mayor Bloomberg Says chancellor should rule.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 30, 2012 Wednesday

Mike in push to hasten firings of perv educators

BYLINE: David Seifman , and Carl Campanile

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 318 words


Fed up with pervy teachers abusing students, Mayor Bloomberg went on the attack
yesterday and proposed a state law that would make it easier to fire instructors
guilty of sexual misconduct.

Under a bill unveiled at Gracie Mansion, Schools Chancellor Dennis Walcott -
rather than a state arbitrator - would have final say on meting out punishment
to teachers who have inappropriate sexual relations with students.

Bloomberg complained there are too many cases in which arbitrators impose only a
slap on the wrist for sexual misconduct. And he said other city workers don't
have the same protections as teachers.

"There is simply no reason that teachers accused of sexual misconduct should
have greater job security than other city employees. The fact that they do
currently is wrong, it's dangerous, it is indefensible," said Bloomberg.

The measure is a shot across the bow of the teachers union, which immediately
panned the proposal.

"This proposed legislation would allow the chancellor to unilaterally find an
employee guilty of sexual misconduct even though an independent hearing officer
who has weighed all the evidence has determined otherwise," said United
Federation of Teachers president Mike Mulgrew.

"The power to ignore the evidence and an arbitrator's decision is not an answer
to [sexual misconduct]," he said.

Bloomberg shot back, "The teachers union is not there to protect our kids. The
teachers union is there to protect the members of that union. That is their
job."

The measure, which would apply to all districts statewide, is being introduced
in the Senate by Sen. Steven Saland (R-Poughkeepsie).

But Bloomberg faces an uphill climb in Albany during the final weeks of the
legislative session.

Gov. Cuomo and Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver reacted coolly. Spokesmen for
both the governor and the speaker said they would "review" the bill.

ccampanile@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mayor Bloomberg Says chancellor should rule.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 26, 2010 Monday
                                  Main Edition

Judicial watchdog's budget may get smaller

BYLINE: Jim Walls; For the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 760 words


What may be Georgia's busiest ethics agency is also its smallest. In July, it
may get even smaller.

The Judicial Qualifications Commission, which looks into alleged misconduct by
judges, already has just about the tiniest budget of any comparable agency in
the country.

For much of the past two years, it has made ends meet by simply not paying more
than $120,000 in legal and investigator's bills.

Now, the Georgia House proposes whacking the JQC's budget by 36 percent to just
$176,000. Alabama and Mississippi, with fewer than half as many judges, spent
three to four times as much this year.

"This organization is effectively rendered impotent by those deep cuts," said
Chattahoochee Circuit Superior Court Judge John D. Allen, the commission's vice
chairman. "It would effectively deprive the public of the means of redressing
any grievance they have regarding misconduct on the part of judges."

No one questions that Georgia's jurists need oversight. At least eight have
resigned since 2008 amid allegations ranging from multiple DUIs to abuse of
power to financial misconduct.

Complaints are expected to hit a record-high 490 this year.

The House budget would leave the JQC with enough to pay its two employees but
nothing else: not rent, not utility bills, not even fees to investigate and
prosecute cases.

House leaders know all that. So what, you might ask, is really on their minds?

Speaker David Ralston and other lawmakers say they're not happy that director
Cheryl Fisher Custer works part time --- three days a week --- for what they
regard as full-time pay --- $82,500.

The AJC's Carrie Teegardin reported in January that state personnel records show
Custer is full time. JQC officials said she was hired with the understanding she
would work part time, as was her predecessor.

That argument didn't wash with House budget writers.

"I think $80,000 a year should get you full-time work," Ralston told Teegardin.
"I think that's what Georgians would expect."

The speaker said Thursday he'll try to restore at least some of the $100,000
budget cut, but he can't say how much until this week. In return, he expects
some assurance that the JQC will use the money wisely and efficiently.

"We appropriated the money to make sure people who have complaints about judges"
are heard, he said. "We didn't just appropriate money to just pay overhead."

Lawmakers also believe the JQC offices should be in Atlanta, not 35 miles away
in Covington, near Custer's home, Ralston said.

The budget dispute, Ralston said, has nothing to do with the commission's
pursuit of charges against former Superior Court Judge Harry Doss of Blue Ridge
--- a longtime friend of his.

Prosecution of Doss' case is one of several delayed, perhaps indefinitely, by
the JQC's funding problems.

He is charged with abusive behavior toward litigants and lawyers; intervening in
matters outside his jurisdiction; taking months and sometimes years to make
rulings; and buying laptops for his wife and son with public funds.

Doss resigned in December but refused the JQC's request that he never seek
judicial office again.

Ralston contacted Troutman Sanders law firm last year looking for a lawyer to
represent Doss. The speaker said he sought a referral because he didn't have the
expertise to handle a JQC matter.

Norman Underwood, Doss' attorney, said Ralston did not want to represent the
judge for fear of alienating other judges in the Appalachian Circuit.

"He had a real concern about making the other judges mad. There are considerable
tensions between Judge Doss and some of the other judges," Underwood said, who
is with Troutman Sanders.

Ralston tagged along with Underwood last spring to a meeting with JQC staff to
discuss the complaint before formal charges were filed. But, Underwood said, "I
made it very clear I was going to be counsel."

That's a good thing. The Georgia Supreme Court held in 1985 that legislators may
not accept a fee to represent clients before state agencies. A dissent to that
4-3 decision argued that a lawyer-legislator's oath of office would conflict
with his obligation to represent a client before a state agency regardless of
whether a fee is paid.

Ralston said that ruling played no role in his involvement in the Doss matter.

Given the court's guideline for lawyer-legislators, he said, "it certainly
wouldn't be inappropriate for me to look at a case for somebody."

Besides, Ralston said of the JQC case, "Judge Doss never paid me a penny."

Jim Walls, retired investigations editor of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution,
runs the watchdog news Web site atlantaunfiltered.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 3, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bishop of Phoenix Admits Transfers of Accused Priests

BYLINE:  By CHARLIE LeDUFF

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 966 words


The Roman Catholic bishop of Phoenix, Thomas J. O'Brien, has signed an agreement
admitting that he knew of accusations of sexual abuse by priests but transferred
them without telling their new superiors or parishioners, an Arizona prosecutor
said yesterday.

In exchange for his admission, the bishop will avoid prosecution, the Maricopa
County prosecutor, Richard M. Romley, said.

Mr. Romley also said that his yearlong grand jury investigation into accusations
of sexual misconduct in the Phoenix diocese had ended in indictments of six
priests for abuse of children and that indictments might come against two more
priests.

While Mr. Romley said there was no evidence that Bishop O'Brien, the spiritual
leader of more than 400,000 Catholics, had engaged in criminal sexual misconduct
, the agreement states that the bishop failed to protect the victims of such
misconduct by others employed by the diocese.

Most important, Mr. Romley said, was an 82-word admission from the bishop
apologizing for his mishandling of the accusations by shuffling the priests into
new assignments.

Bishop O'Brien, who agreed to surrender authority in sexual abuse cases, did not
respond to requests for comment.

In a separate statement released yesterday, he did not apologize for his
mistakes but said he would dedicate himself to the protection of children in his
churches and schools.

"This has been a very difficult time for our entire diocese, for me, for our
priests, and especially for the victims of sexual misconduct," the bishop wrote,
adding, "Several of the most significant provisions that are included in the
agreement with the county attorney were initiated by the diocese and are already
being implemented."

Under the arrangement, which calls for an overhaul in the way the diocese deals
with accusations of sexual misconduct, Bishop O'Brien will be granted immunity
from prosecution for failing to report the abuses over his 22-year tenure or
from any charges of covering up those abuses.

Since a sex scandal erupted last year within the American Catholic Church, five
bishops have resigned in disgrace, including Cardinal Bernard F. Law, the
archbishop of Boston, after it was revealed that he had protected scores of
priests who later went on to abuse again. Though some priests have been
indicted, no bishop or cardinal has.

The Phoenix agreement is similar to one signed in December by Bishop John B.
McCormack of Manchester, N.H. In that deal, Bishop McCormack admitted that the
government had enough evidence to convict the diocese for child endangerment.

But yesterday's agreement is different in its scope and in the very public way
the diocese will be forced to operate. Among the 14 concessions agreed to by
Bishop O'Brien is the appointment of a moderator of the curia, essentially a
chief of staff who could handle daily operations of the diocese.

The bishop will also appoint an independent youth protection advocate who will
oversee accusations of sexual misconduct past and present and report them to the
appropriate civil authorities. The bishop may not be involved with the advocate,
under penalty of prosecution, Mr. Romley said.

The diocese will also be responsible for establishing a victims compensation
fund that is to be used for treatment and counseling.

"Why did I choose immunity in turn for an agreement?" Mr. Romley asked. "The No.
1 priority is to stop abuse and protect children in the future. Those who
actually committed crimes were charged yesterday. In all likelihood, the bishop
would have remained even if I had charged him. What I'm trying to do is build a
framework where the church culture changes -- at least here in Phoenix."

The bishop revealed late last year that at least 50 church leaders in the
diocese has been accused of inappropriate sexual contact with minors. The bishop
then vowed to play an active role in cleaning up the diocese in the face of the
scandal.

But Mr. Romley said yesterday that despite the bishop's promise of cooperation,
his response to requests for information was slow and grudging. He said that
though he had uncovered evidence of obstruction of justice, an indictment
against the bishop would have been counterproductive.

"Obstruction of justice is a low-level felony that more than likely would have
meant probation," Mr. Romley said. "We had been told that even if the bishop had
wanted to resign, Rome would not allow it. That is, if he had been indicted, he
would remain. The simple fact is we are moving forward."

Some observers said the bishop's actions and apology appeared to be a legal
tactic to prevent an onslaught of criminal charges against other American
bishops.

"It is a melancholy day when a bishop has to cop a plea," said Eugene Kennedy, a
former priest who is a professor emeritus of psychology at Loyola University in
Chicago. "He is doing what he must do in order to avoid being indicted. It is a
graceless maneuver, and the human transaction will satisfy no one."

Mr. Romley said that he had evidence that Bishop O'Brien had counseled families
who had contended abuse, and told them not to report their suspicions to the
authorities. He had promised to deal with the accused clergy internally. That
did not seem to happen, Mr. Romley said.

David Clohessy, national director of the Survivors Network of Those Abused by
Priests, said the bishop's ability to avoid criminal prosecution did little to
protect children and even less to get a full accounting of past sins. "The one
untested approach -- criminal charges against a bishop -- were dropped," Mr.
Clohessy said with a heave of sadness.

Among the priests indicted yesterday were Patrick O. Colleary, charged with
three felonies in connection with sodomy with a boy under 15, and Lawrence J.
Lovell, charged with sexual contact and molestation of a child.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bishop Thomas J. O'Brien at news conference yesterday in
Phoenix. (Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company

                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 2, 1998, Thursday

Marianas face hard time in Senate;
Governor says "some misconduct' exists

BYLINE: BY JOHN MAGGS

SECTION: WORLD TRADE; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate this week took a tentative step toward forcing limits on foreign-
owned apparel factories in the U.S. territory of the Mariana islands.

Sen. Frank Murkowski, R-Alaska, who had been the leading GOP supporter of the
administration's plan for the territory, said afterward that a federal takeover
may not be warranted.

He also said that federal law enforcement and safety inspectors already have the
power to fight alleged abuses in the territory, but have not because they
consider the Pacific islands a low priority.

In a long-planned hearing Tuesday on alleged abuses of alien ""guest workers''
on the main island of Saipan, both sides conceded some ground after weeks of a
bare-knuckled lobbying campaign both in the press and behind the scenes.

"MISCONDUCT NOT ENDEMIC'

Pedro Tenorio, governor of the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,
said that he had uncovered numerous abuses of alien workers in a series of raids
launched since he took office in January.

While insisting that ""misconduct is not endemic throughout our economy,'' he
admitted there is ""some misconduct'' and said, ""We must do something about
it.''

On the other side, the Clinton administration backed off from its plan to
present sensational charges of textile labeling fraud, religious persecution and
coerced abortions for pregnant workers.

It was hoped that this evidence, collected by labor activists and private
investigators hired by the Interior Department, would help pressure Republican
defenders of the Marianas as a model of free market development.

But U.S. Customs and Justice Department officials shot down this strategy.

The officials said that the allegations should be verified by law enforcement
officials before they are presented as fact.

Republican members of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee
criticized the administration for trying to sensationalize the case against the
Mariana government.

Sen. Rod Grams, R-Minn., asked the Interior Department's inspector general to
investigate whether department bureaucrats had violated U.S. law banning
political activity and lobbying by executive branch officials.

EXEMPTIONS PERVERTED

But for all this partisan sparring, the daylong hearing mostly focused on the
core of the administration's case: that exemptions from federal wage and
immigration law, granted in 1976 to encourage development and preserve
indigenous culture, had been perverted to build an apparel industry with low-
wage foreign workers living in third-world conditions.

Testimony from Saipan workers and labor activists made clear that there were
serious abuses on Saipan, but fixing responsibility for them was more difficult.

Frank Strasheim, regional coordinator for the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration, said he had every power to enforce workplace rules in Saipan as
in California.

""We've got problems enforcing these rules everywhere,'' he said.

IMMIGRANTS IN NEW YORK

Including, apparently, in New York City.

On the other side of Capitol Hill Tuesday, a half-dozen Chinese immigrants told
stories very similar to those told by Saipan workers - how they paid thousands
of dollars to obtain their jobs, how they were forced to work long hours for low
wages and were sometimes cheated out of their paychecks.

At the last minute, Sen. Murkowski allowed testimony from Protestant ministers
on Saipan, who rebutted charges from labor activists that persecution of
Christians is widespread among Saipan's garment workers.

At the end of the day, Sen. Murkowski let a out a long sigh and said, ""I'm not
sure who to believe . . . I'm not sure what to do.''

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                    October 1, 2003 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

'RIDERS' CLEARED IN EIGHT POLICE MISCONDUCT COUNTS;
MISTRIAL DECLARED ON 27 MORE CHARGES

BYLINE: BRIAN ANDERSONAND GUY ASHLEY,, TIMES STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1140 words

DATELINE: OAKLAND


OAKLAND - A trio of former Oakland police officers known as the "Riders" were
acquitted Tuesday of eight criminal misconduct charges, ending marathon jury
deliberations following the longest trial in Alameda County history.

After 56 days of discussions, the seven-woman, five-man panel delivered a
stunning end to one of the state's most comprehensive police misconduct
investigations.

Unable to reach a decision on 27 counts, what little the jurors did agree on was
a clear defeat for prosecutors who fought for years to build cases against Jude
Siapno, 35, Clarence "Chuck" Mabanag, 38, and Matthew Hornung, 31. The three
officers were charged during an alleged crime spree in late June and early July
2000.

In a big blow to the district attorney, jurors said Siapno, who faced some of
the most serious charges, including kidnapping and assault, was not guilty of
beating Matthew Watson. Watson testified that Siapno and fellow officer
Francisco Vazquez took him under a freeway overpass in West Oakland and beat him
while he was handcuffed.

Siapno faced similar allegations from Delphine Allen, who said he was brutally
beaten near his 32nd Street house in Oakland and under an overpass, charges that
jurors could not decide.

For Mabanag, accused of being a brutal patrol-car autocrat who worked the tough
streets of West Oakland with an iron fist, the evidence was mostly inconclusive,
jurors indicated. They cleared him of three of four charges of filing false
overtime forms, but could not decide that he had signed off on false police
reports or conspired to obstruct justice.

All three men were cleared as well of falsely arresting Jabaree Highsmith, an
admitted drug dealer who took the stand in October to testify against the
officers.

The fourth officer, Vazquez, remains at large.

Creating the greatest dilemma for jurors, however, was the gnarled testimony,
evidence and law surrounding the 27 remaining charges. For weeks, the panel was
locked in a vote-to-vote tug of war.

By Monday night, jurors determined the split votes were the result of "strong,
irreconciliable conclusions that cannot be moved," the jury foreman wrote in
note number 70 to Judge Leo Dorado.

Dorado declared a mistrial on the undecided counts, which include conspiracy to
falsely arrest, falsifying a document for evidence, false imprisonment,
kidnapping and obstruction of justice.

The case will be back in court Oct. 15 to set a new trial date, if prosecutors
decide to retry the undecided charges.

Questions remain

The verdicts appeared to create more questions surrounding the case than they
had produced answers. While disappointed by the result of his office's
three-year battle, District Attorney Tom Orloff said he was uncertain the case
would make it before another jury.

"It's a question that, at this time, I don't have an answer for," Orloff said.
"I think the issues in this case are very profound to those of us who are in the
criminal justice system because the issues deal with the integrity of our
justice system. Is truth presented in courts of law? It's a very important case
to us."

Orloff said he and prosecutor David Hollister must speak before moving forward.
First, he said they will consider their conversations with jurors, vote
divisions and if witnesses would continue to cooperate.

"Whether or not people from the community have the same view of the integrity of
the system, and whether it's important to them is a question that arises in this
case," Orloff said.

'He couldn't cowboy up'

But defense attorneys were quick to point out the jury's limited verdicts and
inability to decide on more than three-quarters of the charges was a clear
vindication. They said jurors told them after Tuesday's hourlong hearing that
Keith Batt, the rookie officer-turned star witness for the prosecution, simply
could not cut it.

"There were about seven jurors in that room and every juror except for one said
they didn't believe him," said Pleasant Hill attorney Michael Rains, who
represented Mabanag. "On any salient, critical point they didn't believe him. To
quote one of the jurors, he couldn't 'cowboy up when the rubber met the road and
couldn't handle the streets of Oakland.'"

Defense attorneys spent much of their fight working to discredit Batt, who quit
the force after working less than a dozen shifts over a two-week period in June
2000. They attacked his police-academy performance and said his suburban
childhood failed to prepare Batt, who now works for the Pleasanton police, for
the rough-and-tumble world of big city police work.

Lawyers also battered Hollister's witnesses, who many times by their own
accounts were convicted drug dealers or users. The men simply should not have
been, and were not, taken seriously, Rains said.

"The jurors were sort of laughing and joking about a lot of the victims," Rains
said. "One of the jurors said we didn't even need to put on a case. He was
voting for not guilty after the close of the prosecution's case."

Reaction

Oakland attorney John Burris, who negotiated an $11 million settlement for 119
Oaklanders who claimed the police had violated their rights, said the trial and
the overall investigation behind the case was not in vain.

"It's not like there is no victory here at all," Burris said. "We got
substantial reforms, the victims have received some compensation. It's not like
there's been no justice here."

At Oakland police headquarters, where it all began more than three years ago,
Chief Richard Word told reporters that officers were instructed to be aggressive
on the streets and make contacts with people. But they were supposed to "respect
the constraints set forth in the Constitution," something the men known as the
"Riders" did not do, he said.

"In my view, they broke department rules and regulations, they were
insubordinate and they don't deserve jobs here," Word said. "I won't bring them
back to this department unless I am ordered to do so."

Oakland residents reacted with anger and frustration, but not surprise, as news
of the jury's refusal to convict the three former officers hit city streets.

"That's the way things are," said Leon Ireland, 40. "Most people do crimes, they
have to do their time. But these guys who wear badges and are supposed to be
enforcing the law, they get special treatment."

Waiting for a bus at the corner of 14th Street and Lakeside Drive, Jon Thompson
said he would have been more surprised if the three former officers had actually
been convicted.

"The cops always get the benefit of the doubt," said Thompson, 52.

Not everyone interviewed after the verdicts expressed contempt for the criminal
justice system, however.

"It's probably not a perfect system," said Ron Rosequist, a 34-year resident of
Oakland, "but generally I believe it works."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1- DEFENSE ATTORNEYS Edward Fishman, left, William Rapoport and
Michael Rains called the jury's limited verdicts and inability to decide on more
than three-quarters of the charges a clear vindication.
Photo 2- FORMER OAKLAND POLICE officers Matthew Hornung, left, Clarence Mabanag
and Jude Siapno wait Tuesday for the verdict in the longest trial in Alameda
County history.
( RAY CHAVEZ, ASSOCIATED PRESS POOL)

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Hastert expresses remorse, asks for probation

BYLINE: By Barbara Vitello Legal Affairs Writer bvitello@dailyherald.com -CLMN-

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 419 words


Lawyers for former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert, who admitted violating
banking laws in an agreement to pay $3.5 million in hush money, say their client
"feels deep regret and remorse for his actions" and is "prepared to accept the
consequences."

In a sentencing memorandum filed in federal court Wednesday, defense attorneys
Thomas Green and John Gallo asked U.S. District Judge Thomas M. Durkin to
sentence the 74-year-old former lawmaker to probation.

His plea agreement with federal prosecutors calls for a prison sentence of no
more than six months with probation as an option. The plea marked a spectacular
fall from grace from the former state representative who became one of the
nation's most powerful leaders as the longest-serving Republican House speaker.

After federal prosecutors announced the charges in May, Hastert resigned from
his Washington, D.C., lobbying job, and his name was removed from a government
and public policy center at his alma mater, Wheaton College.

In the court filing, Hastert's attorneys wrote he "continues to be consumed by
feelings of regret. He is overwhelmed by the guilt he feels for his actions, for
the harm he caused by his misconduct, and for disappointing those who have
supported him for so long."

Hastert "apologizes for his misconduct that occurred decades ago," the court
filing said.

After his guilty plea, Hastert nearly died from a blood infection and subsequent
stroke, which forced the postponement of his sentencing originally scheduled for
Feb. 29.

The memorandum indicates Hastert has been in a "state of despair caused by
extreme isolation and the withdrawal of support from many friends and former
colleagues."

As part of his plea agreement, Hastert admitted paying "Individual A" $1.7
million to keep quiet about past misconduct. The nature of that misconduct has
never been divulged. However, The Associated Press reported the payments were to
silence allegations of sexual misconduct when Hastert was a teacher and coach at
Yorkville High School.

According to a transcript of a hearing last month, an alleged sex abuse victim
of Hastert's could testify April 27 at the former speaker's sentencing hearing
before Durkin.

Durkin, brother of longtime Illinois House Republican leader Jim Durkin of
Western Springs, acknowledged at Hastert's 2015 arraignment that he donated a
total of $1,500 to the former speaker's campaign in 2002 and 2004 but said he
never met him. Durkin said he could be impartial, and both sides agreed to have
him preside over the case.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dennis Hastert Dennis HastertAssociated Press/June 9, 2015 Former U.S.
House Speaker Dennis Hastert pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 to violating bank laws in
seeking to pay someone $3.5 million in hush money. FILE - In this June 9, 2015
file photo, former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert arrives at the federal
courthouse in Chicago for his arraignment on federal charges in his hush-money
case. On Wednesday, March 16, 2016, the judge overseeing the case ordered an
independent review of Hastert's medical records, a move that comes after the
court granted a defense request to delay his sentencing on grounds he had nearly
died and remained in poor health. (AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast, File)
Associated Pres//June 9, 2015 Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert arrives
at the federal courthouse in Chicago for his arraignment on federal charges in
his hush-money case.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 14, 2002 Saturday Home Edition

SEXUAL MISCONDUCT: keeping vigil: HOW VARIOUS FAITHS PROTECT THE INNOCENT IN
THEIR FLOCKS

BYLINE: GAYLE WHITE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Religion Faith & Values; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 360 words


In response to revelations of clergy sexual abuse across the country, a local
Catholic panel has been quietly working to bring Archdiocese of Atlanta
regulations in line with a strict new national policy.

Atlanta Roman Catholic Archbishop John Donoghue said he expects to release the
results next week.

The national policy defines sexual abuse broadly --- any instance in which a
"child is being used as an object of sexual gratification by an adult" --- and
bans any priest guilty of such abuse from practicing ministry, celebrating Mass,
wearing clerical clothes or presenting himself as a priest. U.S. Catholic
bishops adopted the "Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People" in
Dallas in June.

The Archdiocese of Atlanta committee, which will advise the archbishop on local
cases, includes a social worker, a lawyer and the mother of a victim. "What the
panel is doing is trying to bring the policy we had before into line with the
charter that came out of the Dallas meeting," said Donoghue.

Catholics are certainly not alone in struggling with clergy sexual abuse.
According to a review this spring by The Christian Science Monitor, at least 75
clerics have been convicted of child sexual abuse since 1985. Of those, 38 were
Roman Catholic priests; the other convictions included 10 Baptist ministers,
five Methodist ministers, three Pentecostal pastors and two Episcopal priests.

When the question of clergy misconduct is extended to include sexual relations
with adult partners, the numbers are much higher.

In April, a survey compiled by the Center for the Prevention of Sexual and
Domestic Violence in Seattle found that 70 percent of Southern Baptist ministers
in 1993 knew of other ministers who had had sexual contact with someone in their
church. Twelve percent of Protestant ministers surveyed in 1988 had had
intercourse outside of marriage, and 30 percent of those relationships were with
someone in the congregation.

Most religious groups have a policy to deal with cases of clergy sexual
misconduct. Many were adopted amid allegations of problems. Below are the three
largest denominations in Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Photo illustration: A burning candle / JOEY IVANSCO / Staff;
Graphic: ROMAN CATHOLIC ARCHDIOCESE OF ATLANTA
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Any agent of the church who has actual knowledge of or who has reasonable cause
to suspect an incident of child abuse shall comply with any applicable reporting
or other state and local laws, unless to do so would violate the priest-penitent
relationship of the sacrament of penance. In every instance, the diocese will
advise and support a person's right to make a report to public authorities.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
Each reported incident shall be investigated immediately, with care taken not to
interfere with any criminal investigation by state or local authorities, and
with a high level of Christian pastoral care for the alleged victim, the family
of the alleged victim, the person reporting the incident, the alleged
perpetrator and all persons whose lives are touched by the incident.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Candidates for the priesthood undergo extensive screening and psychological
testing. All new hires have criminal background checks.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Any volunteer for a position that involves counseling or ministry with minors,
the incapacitated or the very elderly must apply for that position. Some
volunteer positions may require a fully executed criminal history record.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
Project Aware provides education and resources about child abuse to the parishes
and agencies of the archdiocese. Educational programs are offered to parish
staff, volunteers and parents free of charge.
NORTH GEORGIA CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED METHODIST CHURCH
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Yes. Our policy states, "All reporting of alleged incidents or actual incidents
of child abuse must strictly follow Georgia law."
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
The United Methodist Church includes "child abuse, sexual abuse, sexual
misconduct and sexual harassment" by clergy among serious offenses that will be
addressed immediately by investigation and probable suspension. If admitted or
proved, removal of ministerial credentials will follow.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Background checks are done on all clergy and employees who work for the North
Georgia Annual Conference. Local churches have been encouraged to establish
sexual ethics policies and do background checks on lay employees.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Most local churches are adding to their policies that adults should not work
alone with children.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
Pastors and clergy members receive sexual ethics training. When boys and girls
are present at an event, there must be both men and women supervising.
Unauthorized visitors are not allowed to remain with groups of children or
youth.
THE GEORGIA BAPTIST CONVENTION
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
The Georgia Baptist Convention does not tolerate sexual misconduct and reports
allegations of misconduct as required by law.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
We do not tolerate sexual misconduct within our organization.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Each Baptist church affiliated with the Georgia Baptist Convention is an
independent religious body that hires its own ministers and other employees.
Therefore, we do not deal with the employment of ministers and other church
employees. However, we recommend that churches do background investigations on
ministers and other church employees.
Do you supervise volunteers?
The Georgia Baptist Convention supervises its volunteers and carefully checks
references of each convention volunteer, and we recommend that churches do the
same in regard to their volunteers.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
We take appropriate measures to protect those persons who have contact with
Georgia Baptist Convention employees and strive to avoid the mere appearance of
misconduct by our employees.
DREPUNG LOSELING INSTITUTE (BUDDHISM)
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Any illegal activity would be reported to appropriate authorities.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
In Tibetan Buddhism, sexual misconduct, defined as adultery or sexual abuse of
any type, is a transgression against one of five fundamental precepts. Certain
activities that might not technically be illegal, but immoral from the Buddhist
point of view, would be dealt with appropriately within our tradition.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
No. The monks who serve in a leadership or teaching capacity are drawn from our
home monastery in India, where their background and character are well-known. We
have a very small paid staff and have not encountered the need to conduct
background checks.
Do you supervise volunteers?
We have no activities for children or teenagers. Hence, our volunteers do not
require supervision.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
When personal consultations take place between lay members and the religious
staff, we encourage discretion; for example, ensuring that another staff member
is present in the general area where the meeting takes place.
EPISCOPAL DIOCESE OF ATLANTA
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Under Georgia law, clergy are not required to report child abuse, but it is the
policy of the Diocese of Atlanta that all such alleged or suspected abuse will
be reported.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
All complaints involving sexual misconduct shall immediately be referred to the
bishop of Atlanta. If the complaint alleges sexual abuse of a minor or an
incompetent adult, the bishop immediately will notify the relevant law
enforcement authorities, and the bishop and any other church officials or
employees with knowledge of the alleged abuse will cooperate fully with the law
enforcement authorities.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Prior to ordination, employment or acceptance into the diocese, thorough
background checks are made of all clergy, volunteers who regularly supervise
youth activities (except Sunday school teachers), and employees.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Each parish has a vestry (board of directors) responsible for ensuring that
ministries of the parish are led by either staff or volunteers who have had
appropriate training with regard to sexual misconduct issues.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
Individuals are referred to professional counseling after six sessions have been
held on a given issue. There should always be at least two adults present in a
church nursery; teachers should teach in teams of two or more for every
classroom of children; and, in youth activities, when the group includes both
boys and girls, both male and female leaders should be present.
AFRICAN METHODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Yes, through the general counsel of the AME Church.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
A person who believes that he or she has been a victim of clergy sexual
misconduct may report such misconduct to any person in the accused's supervisory
line of authority. If the complaint, however, is against a bishop, the report
shall be made to the president of the Council of Bishops.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
There is no policy in place for the connectional church at this time.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Yes.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
There is no policy in place for the connectional church at this time.
PRESBYTERY OF GREATER ATLANTA
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
In some cases, yes --- when a criminal act is committed.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
The Presbytery of Greater Atlanta has an extensive written policy that defines
standards of inappropriate or unlawful sexual behavior; outlines procedures for
responding to accusations of sexual misconduct; sets practices for preventing
sexual abuse and misconduct, including education of clergy, church
professionals, church employees and church leaders; and recommended policies for
congregations.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Yes --- on all employees.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Youth Council volunteers are closely supervised.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
We offer training for all church professionals and require all new clergy to
take the training.
CONSERVATIVE JUDAISM
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
Conservative synagogues are autonomous, but all are expected to comply with
local laws.
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Accusations of sexual misconduct are investigated by an ethics committee, and in
cases where misconduct is determined, the assembly places restrictions on the
rabbi to ensure the rabbi is not in a position to cause harm.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Left to individual congregations.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Left to individual congregations.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
Rabbis receive special training through courses and seminars to work
appropriately with individuals and to identify situations in which there might
be even an appearance of misconduct.
Source: The Rabbinical Assembly
GEORGIA DISTRICT COUNCIL OF THE ASSEMBLIES OF GOD
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
Government agencies are notified about sexual misconduct that they require to be
reported.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
Accused individuals are required to be evaluated by a counselor licensed by the
state. If, in the counselor's opinion, the individual does not have a habitual
problem and may not repeat the misconduct, then restoration of his ministry can
be considered after pastoral counseling and rehabilitation. The minimum time
period for the rehabilitation is two years.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
Background checks are made on the ministers as they apply for ministerial
credentials. Individual churches are responsible for background checks on the
individuals they hire.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Individual churches are responsible for supervising volunteers. At
denominational events, the individuals in charge of the events are responsible
for the supervision of volunteers.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
Supervisors of the events advise the volunteers of the proper safeguards that
are necessary to avoid such situations; for example, never be alone, travel in
twos.
CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTER-DAY SAINTS*
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
The church emphasizes that the law of the land must be obeyed. If a report is
required, personnel staffing a national help line assist the local church leader
in such things as who should make the report --- whether it is best made by a
family member, whether the perpetrator can be persuaded to self-report, etc.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
The church not only has provided training to its lay ecclesiastical leaders on
child abuse awareness and reporting issues, it also has trained professionals
available 24 hours a day for immediate consultation on how best to respond to
abuse. It has produced pamphlets and videos on recognizing and responding to
abuse.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
No answer provided.
Do you supervise volunteers?No answer provided.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
No answer provided.
*Response from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints addressed
allegations of child abuse only. The church did not respond directly to
questions but rather submitted documents regarding church response to child
abuse.
REFORM JUDAISM
Do you report sexual misconduct to government agencies?
While Reform synagogues are autonomous institutions, we encourage each to follow
the reporting laws that are in force in their states.
What is your internal policy for dealing with sexual misconduct?
The Reform movement's professional organizations have procedures in place for
investigating allegations of sexual misconduct or other ethical lapses.
Do you conduct background checks for clergy and other employees?
While practices vary from synagogue to synagogue, we encourage congregations to
do appropriate checks for teachers, youth workers and others who have direct
contact with children.
Do you supervise volunteers?
Procedures vary greatly from place to place.
Do you take any preventive measures to avoid such situations?
There are no national guidelines.
Source: Union of American Hebrew Congregations
The Church of God in Christ and the General Missionary Baptist Convention of
Georgia did not return telephone calls in regard to this compilation of
policies; Al-Farooq Masjid and Atlanta Masjid of Al-Islam did not return
telephone calls or e-mails.
Chart compiled by DEBORAH GEERING for The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              July 8, 1996, Monday

Neural nets make Chicago blues see red; The Chicago police force is using an
artificial intelligence program to anticipate misconduct among its officers.
Edward Helmore reports

BYLINE: Edward Helmore

SECTION: NETWORK; Page  19

LENGTH: 551 words


Rooting out rogue cops from amongst Chicago's finest is the job of an artificial
intelligence program that mimics the neural networks of the brain. The city's
police department is the first to use BrainMaker Professional, a program
developed by California Scientific Software, to anticipate misconduct by
law-enforcement officers.

The Mayor of Chicago, Richard Daley, directed the police to employ the software
program when the Democrat Party announced it would hold its convention in the
city this August for the first time since what a presidential commission called
a "police riot" occurred at the 1968 convention.

The software simulates a grid of interconnected processors that correspond
roughly to neurons and synapses in the brain. The ability of neural network
software to predict an outcome from the input of disparate data has resulted in
a range of uses from predicting recidivism by criminals on probation to
recognising mosquitoes from the sound of their wings.

Using the performance records of nearly 200 police officers who had been
dismissed or resigned under investigation as a control, the program is able to
match behavioural characteristics against 12,500 officers on the force and
forecast which are "at risk".

BrainMaker was "trained" using information such as age, race, sex, number of
traffic accidents, reports of lost badges or weapons, frequency of sick leave,
insubordination or criminal misconduct. The program has turned up 91 officers,
of whom half were already enrolled in counselling programs.

"We're very pleased with the outcome," says Raymond Risley, the assistant deputy
superintendent in charge of the Internal Affairs division. "We consider it
efficient at identifying at-risk personnel sooner than command officers might be
able to.The old method just can't compete."

The use of BrainMaker is strongly opposed by Chicago's Fraternal Order of
Police, who view the system as Orwellian and unethical. "It's ludicrous," says
Bill Nolan. "I told them if this thing is so good, we should give it to all the
detectives so they can solve all the murders and robberies."

For statisticians and computer experts, the main objection to neural networks is
that they do not show how they arrive at a conclusion. Unlike other kinds of
artificial-intelligence techniques that produce results according to a set of
rules, BrainMaker operates by complex non-linear processes. In theory, it should
constantly correct itself by weighing the records of dismissed officers against
those with a clean record. If it has guessed incorrectly - as it often does
initially - a mathematical formula makes a correction.

"Voodoo," says Zenon Pylyshyn, a professor of cognitive science at Rutgers
University. "People are fascinated by the prospect of getting intelligence by
mysterious Frankenstein-like means - by voodoo! And few attempts to do this have
been as successful as neural nets."

Following police union protests, Internal Affairs announced the network would
only be used to complement division supervisors and stressed that an officer who
came up on BrainMaker would not be subject to disciplinary action. It would, the
department said, merely provide an opportunity for an officer moving in the
wrong direction to rehabilitate him or herself.


LOAD-DATE: July 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd

                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              July 8, 1996, Monday

Neural nets make Chicago blues see red; The Chicago police force is using an
artificial intelligence program to anticipate misconduct among its officers.
Edward Helmore reports

BYLINE: Edward Helmore

SECTION: NETWORK; Page  19

LENGTH: 551 words


Rooting out rogue cops from amongst Chicago's finest is the job of an artificial
intelligence program that mimics the neural networks of the brain. The city's
police department is the first to use BrainMaker Professional, a program
developed by California Scientific Software, to anticipate misconduct by
law-enforcement officers.

The Mayor of Chicago, Richard Daley, directed the police to employ the software
program when the Democrat Party announced it would hold its convention in the
city this August for the first time since what a presidential commission called
a "police riot" occurred at the 1968 convention.

The software simulates a grid of interconnected processors that correspond
roughly to neurons and synapses in the brain. The ability of neural network
software to predict an outcome from the input of disparate data has resulted in
a range of uses from predicting recidivism by criminals on probation to
recognising mosquitoes from the sound of their wings.

Using the performance records of nearly 200 police officers who had been
dismissed or resigned under investigation as a control, the program is able to
match behavioural characteristics against 12,500 officers on the force and
forecast which are "at risk".

BrainMaker was "trained" using information such as age, race, sex, number of
traffic accidents, reports of lost badges or weapons, frequency of sick leave,
insubordination or criminal misconduct. The program has turned up 91 officers,
of whom half were already enrolled in counselling programs.

"We're very pleased with the outcome," says Raymond Risley, the assistant deputy
superintendent in charge of the Internal Affairs division. "We consider it
efficient at identifying at-risk personnel sooner than command officers might be
able to.The old method just can't compete."

The use of BrainMaker is strongly opposed by Chicago's Fraternal Order of
Police, who view the system as Orwellian and unethical. "It's ludicrous," says
Bill Nolan. "I told them if this thing is so good, we should give it to all the
detectives so they can solve all the murders and robberies."

For statisticians and computer experts, the main objection to neural networks is
that they do not show how they arrive at a conclusion. Unlike other kinds of
artificial-intelligence techniques that produce results according to a set of
rules, BrainMaker operates by complex non-linear processes. In theory, it should
constantly correct itself by weighing the records of dismissed officers against
those with a clean record. If it has guessed incorrectly - as it often does
initially - a mathematical formula makes a correction.

"Voodoo," says Zenon Pylyshyn, a professor of cognitive science at Rutgers
University. "People are fascinated by the prospect of getting intelligence by
mysterious Frankenstein-like means - by voodoo! And few attempts to do this have
been as successful as neural nets."

Following police union protests, Internal Affairs announced the network would
only be used to complement division supervisors and stressed that an officer who
came up on BrainMaker would not be subject to disciplinary action. It would, the
department said, merely provide an opportunity for an officer moving in the
wrong direction to rehabilitate him or herself.


LOAD-DATE: July 09, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd

                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday

Man might be deported after sexual misconduct guilty plea

BYLINE: Tim Ruzek, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 279 words


Feb. 12--An 18-year-old Austin man faces possible deportation after being
sentenced last month for sexual misconduct with a juvenile girl.

Gregorio Cano Rubio was sentenced Jan. 27 in Mower District Court after pleading
guilty to a felony count of third-degree criminal sexual conduct, court records
show. The charge relates to Rubio being more than two years older than the
victim, who is under age 16.

Judge Donald E. Rysavy stayed a 36-month prison term if Rubio cooperates with up
to 15 years of probation, which will be unsupervised if he is deported by
federal immigration officials, court documents show. Rubio must register as a
predatory offender.

Under the sentencing, Rubio was ordered to do 100 hours of community service,
pay $85 and have no contact with the victim, her family or anyone under 18
without court approval.

In December, Rubio was certified to stand trial as an adult because he turned 18
in September during the two-month period of the sexual misconduct. Rubio
initially was charged in juvenile court.

According to the criminal complaint, Austin police received information about
the conduct and questioned Rubio. On Oct. 24, Rubio allegedly told police he
agreed the sexual relationship with the girl was morally wrong and illegal.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090212-RC-Man-might-be-deported-after-sexual-misconduct
-guilty-plea-0212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin

                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Claremore Daily Progress (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: Grand jury reviewing misconduct accusations reconvenes in OKC

BYLINE: Claremore Daily Progress, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 209 words


April 15--OKLAHOMA CITY -- The multicounty grand jury charged with investigating
accusations of misconduct by Rogers County officials reconvenes today in
Oklahoma City.

Grand jury proceedings are confidential and so it is not known whom among the
Rogers County officials has been called to testify or what evidence the jurors
are reviewing.

Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt directed the multicounty grand jury in
October to investigate "multiple allegations of wrongdoing by public officials
and others in Rogers County." He acted after a judge rejected a citizens
petition for a local grand jury inquiry.

The multicounty or state grand jury has been considering other accusations of
official misconduct from around Oklahoma since it was established more than a
year-and-a-half ago. It is led by Assistant State Attorney General Megan Tilly,
chief of the AG's Multicounty Grand Jury Unit.

The grand jury has jurisdiction to investigate criminal matters in all 77
counties. Each month, jurors meet to hear testimony for two to three days. The
proceedings are closed to the public.

___ (c)2014 the Claremore Daily Progress (Claremore, Okla.) Visit the Claremore
Daily Progress (Claremore, Okla.) at claremoreprogress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140415-XO-BRF-Grand-jury-reviewing-misconduct
-accusations-reconvenes-in-OKC-0415-20140415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XO


                    Copyright 2014 Claremore Daily Progress

                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 21, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

AT A GLANCE ;
The problem

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 171 words


There is no national government-run clearinghouse to alert officials to teacher
misconduct and there is no guarantee that districts will report allegations to
each other.

Nationwide

Following are the findings from a seven-month investigation in which AP
reporters sought records on teacher discipline in all 50 states and the District
of Columbia.

Across the country, sexual misconduct allegations led states to take action
against the licenses of 2,570 educators from 2001 through 2005. That figure
includes licenses that were revoked, denied and surrendered.

Young people were victims in at least 69 percent of the cases, and the large
majority of those were students.

Nine out of 10 of those abusive educators were male.

At least 446 of the abusive teachers had multiple victims.

In Oklahoma

From 2001 through 2005, Oklahoma revoked, denied or suspended teaching licenses
of 28 teachers for sexual misconduct. But there likely are dozens more teachers
who were allowed to quietly resign after allegations of misconduct surfaced.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                January 25, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Confusion surrounds review board;
Conflicting statements: Members in the dark as City Hall announces meeting
plans.

BYLINE: R. Robin McDonald and Charmagne Helton; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell's staff issued conflicting statements Wednesday
about the status of a Civilian Review Board he reactivated this month to review
allegations of police misconduct.

Campbell spokeswoman Jill Strickland initially stated that board members had
already started training sessions.

Wednesday evening, she said the board had not yet met but that board members had
been notified that their initial meeting would be next Thursday. Finally,
Strikland said the members would be informed of plans for the first meeting in
letters to be mailed today.

Newly appointed board Chairman Richard Wynn and other board members called by
The Atlanta Constitution were not aware of those plans. Wynn said the board has
neither a staff nor a liaison with City Hall responsible for channeling cases to
it for review.

State Rep. Kathy Ashe, a member of a review board under Mayor Andrew Young who
was recently reappointed by Campbell, said Wednesday: "The only thing I have
heard is the one phone call asking me to participate."

New board member Marcia Brinkley, a member of the Midtown Neighbors Association
and the mayor's Freaknik planning committee, said: "Other than being able to
tell you I'm very honored the mayor appointed me, I really don't have any
information at this time."

Campbell himself was not available for comment. He left the city Wednesday to
attend the U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C.

Saying there was a public "crisis of confidence" in the city police department,
Campbell reappointed the civilian review board three weeks ago in the wake of
the fatal shooting of Jerry Jackson by a city police officer December 7.

Wynn, pastor of the Warren United Methodist Church, said that although the
mayor's office has provided him with a list of board members, he knows only two
of them, and has not yet been told how to contact them.

"I expect to meet with these people very soon, within the next week or so," Wynn
said.

Campbell was unaware that three members of Mayor Young's board, including Ashe,
had continued to meet at City Hall and consider cases presented to them by a
city staff member.

Wynn, who participated in Campbell's inauguration, said the review board will
need staff and money to do its job.

Southern Christian Leadership Conference President Joseph Lowery, who initially
called the board a "a paper tiger," said Wednesday the board is presently
ill-equipped to do its job.

"Right now, they don't have any authority, and they don't have any staff. They
don't have any resources," Lowery said. "Without that, it would be dangerous for
the committee, and unfair to the committee, to expect it to deal with such
complex and sensitive issues."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 August 21, 1995, Monday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

O.J. SIMPSON TRIAL;
Ruling likely today on Fuhrman tapes;
'I know my truth': Professor's interviews could demolish key prosecution
testimony.

BYLINE: Chris Burritt; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Winston-Salem, N.C.


Screenwriter Laura Hart McKinny is somewhere between Tobacco Road and
Tinseltown, her quiet life in this slow-moving tobacco town hurled into the
glaring spectacle of the O.J. Simpson trial in Los Angeles.

For a Hollywood moment, the spotlight in the sensational double- murder trial
has turned on the soft-spoken mother of two and teacher at the North Carolina
School of the Arts in Winston-Salem.

Colleagues and students at the state-supported arts school describe McKinny, an
award-winning screenwriter, as private and publicity-shy. But, some add, the
national exposure could spur her career and help sell her screenplay, which
suddenly has become the talk of the Simpson trial.

"I take it day by day," McKinny, 44, said last week on ABC's "Prime Time Live,"
a national appearance that promises to be a warmup for the really big show:
testifying in the so-called "trial of the century."

Little did McKinny know when she taped interviews with Los Angeles police
Detective Mark Fuhrman over the past decade that she was gathering evidence that
could free a murder defendant.

Judge Lance Ito today is scheduled to decide whether the jury can hear the tapes
or portions of them. It also is possible McKinny may be called as a witness.

As a star prosecution witness, Fuhrman testified that he found a bloody glove at
Simpson's estate the night that Simpson's ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her
friend Ronald Goldman were brutally slashed to death. But Simpson's lawyers said
Fuhrman is a racist and that he planted the glove to implicate the former
football star and pitchman for Hertz rental cars.

Fuhrman has denied that, but Simpson's lawyers said McKinny's interviews prove
otherwise. In the tapes recorded from 1985 through July 1994, Fuhrman repeatedly
used the word "nigger," talked of police brutality and explained how officers
plant evidence, according to news reports.

Prosecutors said Fuhrman exaggerated his personal views and the accounts of
police misconduct to help McKinny with her writing project.

The 11 hours of interviews with police officers are part of McKinny's research
for "Men against Women," a fictional screenplay about a police woman who falls
in love with a policeman who belongs to a group of male officers with a common
belief: Women have no business being police.

Fuhrman belonged to such an organization in Los Angeles. McKinny said he helped
her create the leader of the group in her screenplay. The fictional leader, she
said, is racist.

As much as she supposedly dreads the spotlight, McKinny performed well on the
ABC program, speaking carefully but dishing out tantalizing morsels about her
views on Fuhrman and the trial.

"I really do believe that the tapes will benefit both sides if that in fact is
going to be what both sides want - the truth," she said.

If called as a witness, McKinny said, she could answer whether she believes
Fuhrman is a racist. "I know my truth," she said.

She added that she has refused to sell the tapes, despite offers reportedly for
"upwards of $ 250,000." Salaries at the Winston-Salem arts school range from $
25,000 to $ 45,000 a year.

McKinny's on-camera poise didn't surprise her associates in Winston- Salem,
where she and her husband, Daniel, are well-respected film-making teachers at
the arts school.

The couple trained and worked in Los Angeles until two years ago, when they
moved to Winston-Salem to help start the film-making school at the School of the
Arts. A $ 15 million expansion starting this fall will make the film-making
school one of the nation's best, school officials say.

Like other instructors, the McKinnys spend long hours at the school and
sometimes bring their sons - John, 8, and Daniel, 7 - to watch films. Last fall
they headed a program for poor black children from the nearby Happy Hill Gardens
housing project to watch cartoons and movies.

"She is like one of those people who has a lot of compassion - you can see it on
her face," said Gary Sanderson, 24, a second-year film student who signed up for
one of McKinny's classes starting in September.

But for now, McKinny is back in Los Angeles, prepared to testify and hoping that
her screenplay winds up on network TV or at the theaters.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Arriving for a hearing in Winston-Salem, N.C., last month,
screenwriting professor Laura Hart McKinny now faces an even tougher spotlight
in Los Angeles./ Associated Press

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution

                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 13, 1992, Thursday

POLICE

BYLINE: By A.L. May STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section G; Page 2

LENGTH: 231 words


EAST POINT: No charges against former officer. A former East Point narcotics
officer accused of improper conduct will not face criminal charges, Fulton
County District Attorney Lewis Slaton said Wednesday. Officer Robby Russell, who
resigned several months ago, was the subject of an investigation by East Point
police and the district attorney's office, according to Mr. Slaton. The
investigation followed allegations from a drug informant that the officer
mishandled narcotics cases. "It was one person's word against another and not
enough to bring criminal charges," Mr. Slaton said. Officer Russell resigned for
"personal reasons," last fall, according to East Point Police Chief John
McClendon.

CHEROKEE: Traffic stop reveals 11 kilos of cocaine. A routine traffic stop on
Interstate 75 Tuesday night netted 11 kilos of cocaine, the largest seizure of
its kind in Georgia this year, Cherokee County sheriff's officials said. Lt.
Robbie Bishop became suspicious of a northbound Chevrolet Caprice with temporary
Ohio tags, and obtained permission from the driver to search the car, Sgt.
Robert L. Benefield said. Behind a seat, Lieutenant Bishop found 11 kilos of
cocaine wrapped in plastic, Capt. Jim Harvey said. Fredrick Alonzo Rawls, 30, of
Monroe, La., and Johnny Edwards, 50, of 2181 Rexwood Road, Cleveland, Ohio, were
arrested and charged with trafficking in cocaine.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Eau Claire / Pastor admits sex misconduct in '70s

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: MINNESOTA-TWIN CITIES

LENGTH: 114 words


An associate pastor who worked at First Lutheran Church in Eau Claire from 1975
through 1976 recently resigned from the clergy after confessing to sexual
misconduct, according to church officials.

Bishop Duane Pederson, of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Northwest
Synod of Wisconsin, said the Rev. William Roman confessed to misconduct that
occurred during the time Roman was at First Lutheran.

Pederson said a notice was put in the church newsletter.

Eau Claire police Lt. Tim Golden said he does not believe anyone in the
department is investigating the case.

Pederson declined to give details about the alleged victim or where Roman now
lives.

-- Leader-Telegram of Eau Claire

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday

Riders whistle-blower gets settlement

BYLINE: By Paul T. Rosynsky STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 524 words


OAKLAND -- Keith Batt, the former Oakland police officer who kicked off the
"Riders" police brutality scandal that plagued the department for more than
three years, won a $625,000 settlement with the city, attorneys said Tuesday.

Batt, now a Pleasanton police officer, sued the city, saying his federal civil
rights were violated when he reported police misconduct to superiors in 2000.

Batt said he was forced to quit his job with the Oakland Police Department and
suffered emotional distress from threats he received from at least one of the
officers implicated in the misconduct case.

Batt's case against the city was set to go to trial in federal court early next
year, but rather than enduring another drawn-out jury trial, Batt and the city's
insurance company, Kemper Insurance, decided to settle.

"Kemper evaluated the risks going forward and made the decision that it made
economic sense to settle the claim now," said Gregory Fox, an attorney with San
Francisco-based Bertrand, Fox and Elliot, who was hired to represent the city.
"It was an opportunity for us to resolve the rest of these cases and allow the
department to move forward."

Batt's allegations were made against four officers who patrolled the streets of
West Oakland during overnight shifts. Batt said the officers made false police
reports, beat suspects and planted evidence on residents to trump up arrests.

Four police officers were eventually arrested and charged with a host of crimes
related to Batt's complaints, but none was convicted of the crimes in two
separate trials.

Matthew Hornung was found not guilty of all charges filed against him, and the
two other members of the Riders, Clarence Mabanag and Jude Siapno, escaped
conviction after the jury could not reach a unanimous decision of guilty or not
guilty.

A fourth officer, Frank Vazquez, fled the country after allegations were made
and has never been found.

After being found not guilty in the criminal case, Hornung also filed a federal
civil rights lawsuit against the city.

In June, he reached a $1.5 million settlement with the city's insurance company.

The scandal also resulted in a $10.5 million settlement paid by the city and its
insurance company to victims of the Riders and a federal consent decree. In that
decree, which will last until 2010, a federal judge has oversight over the
department and mandates certain changes in procedures.

Although the settlement with Batt ends all litigation resulting from the Riders
scandal, the city is still fighting administrative attempts by Mabanag and
Siapno to be reinstated with back pay.

Both officers are seeking arbitration, saying they were unfairly fired when the
accusations arose.

Nevertheless, Batt's attorney, San Francisco-based Bruce Towner, said his client
was pleased that the department has changed for the better and wanted to bring
an end to the saga.

"I think everyone involved in the case felt that it was time to put this chapter
to a close," Towner said. "He is satisfied with the settlement and happy that
Oakland has been instructed to address the issues that he raised."

Reach Paul Rosynsky at 510-208-6455 or prosynsky@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                                 June 27, 2005

Commissioner of Education Case Summaries: June 27, 2005

BYLINE: Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 300  words


Education

Graduation - Marijuana

Where a student was suspended from school in October for marijuana possession,
she should be permitted to participate in her graduation ceremony but is
otherwise prohibited from attending senior-class events.

Doe v. Johnston School Committee (Lawyers Weekly No. 73-016-05) (7 pages)
(Pontarelli, Hearing Officer; decision approved by McWalters, Commissioner of
Education) (May 6, 2005).

Teacher - Termination - Misconduct

Where a teacher has challenged his termination, the challenge must fail because
(1) the teacher's pattern of misconduct provided just cause for his termination
and (2) any inference that his misconduct was caused by his mental health status
is not supported by competent evidence.

Richardson v. Providence School Board (Lawyers Weekly No. 73-017-05) (12 pages)
(Murray, Hearing Officer; decision approved by McWalters, Commissioner of
Education) (May 25, 2005).

Retirement System - Independent Contractor

Where a school psychologist wishes to participate in the Rhode Island employees
retirement system, she should be credited for service as a regularly employed
teacher for the years she worked for the school system in the capacity of an
independent contractor.

Gorman v. Jamestown School Committee (Lawyers Weekly No. 73-018-05) (10 pages)
(Murray, Hearing Officer; decision approved by McWalters, Commissioner of
Education) (May 31, 2005).

Termination Of Bus Driver - Jurisdiction

Where a school bus driver has challenged his termination, the matter must be
dismissed for lack of jurisdiction because the dismissal does not "arise under
any law relating to schools or education. "

Zuba v. Pawtucket School Committee (Lawyers Weekly No. 73-019-05) (3 pages)
(Avila, Hearing Officer; decision approved by McWalters, Commissioner of
Education) (May 31, 2005).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     September 29, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

BOLTS' DWYER DRAWS 23-GAME SUSPENSION

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 155 words


NEW YORK (CP) - Tampa Bay Lightning left winger Gordie Dwyer has
 been assessed three automatic suspensions totalling 23 games for
 an altercation with on-ice officials during a pre-season game,
 the NHL announced yesterday.

 During a third-period altercation with Joe Murphy and Joe Reekie of the
Washington Capitals on Sept. 19, Dwyer applied physical force to linesman David
Brisebois, the league said. After being escorted to the penalty box, Dwyer
returned to the ice and, in an attempt to engage Reekie again, pulled referee
Mark Faucette to the ice.

Dwyer was assessed minor penalties for charging and roughing, a 10-minute
misconduct penalty and three game misconduct penalties. Each of the game
misconducts carries with it an automatic suspension which totals 23 games.

Dwyer, who already has served two games of the suspension, will be eligible to
return Nov. 27 at the N.Y. Islanders.


LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 19, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

KNIGHTS NOTEBOOK;
One game left in exile of fighting wing Myhres

BYLINE: Denise N. Maloof; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 15E

LENGTH: 416 words


Brantt Myhres still has a game to sit out after missing the Atlanta Knights
two-game road trip because of an International Hockey League suspension.

Myhres, one of the top IHL fighters, was given a game misconduct and three-game
ban for leaving the bench to enter an altercation Wednesday in a 5-2 loss to the
Detroit Vipers at the Omni.

He also will have to sit out the Knights' next game against the Vipers, in
Detroit Dec. 29.

Myhres has played eight games with the Knights since being sent down to the IHL
by the Tampa Bay Lightning, where Myhres served a 10-game suspension to start
the NHL season.

RECORD PACE: Two IHL records possibly could be broken this season:

-Chicago Wolves forward Steve Maltais, a former Knight, is chasing the goals
record (75) by Milwaukee's Daniel Lecours in 1982-83. Going into the weekend,
Maltais had 23 goals in 17 games, a 110-goal pace.

-Fort Wayne's Andy Bezeau is on pace for the record in penalty minutes not only
for the IHL but all pro hockey. Entering the weekend, Bezeau had 135 minutes in
15 games, on pace for 738 minutes. The IHL and pro hockey record is 648 in
1986-87 by the Kalamazoo Wings' Kevin Evans.

NHL EXPERIENCE: By now he's done laundry and catnapped, but Atlanta Knights
goaltender Derek Wilkinson says he still remembers last week's NHL tour only in
spurts.

Tapped by Tampa Bay to relieve the injured Darren Puppa, Wilkinson started three
games in five days for the Lightning, losing two by one- goal margins and
winning one in OT. He faced the New York Rangers Nov. 8, losing 5-4 in Madison
Square Garden. Then came home games against the Edmonton Oilers Nov. 10 and
Buffalo Sabres Nov. 12.

Wilkinson was down to un-ironed part of his wardrobe when the Lightning
reassigned him to the Knights hours before Wednesday's loss to Detroit. He
admitted playing poorly, giving up four first-period goals.

"Everything happened so fast," said Wilkinson, 21. "I still haven't had time to
think about it. I was the only goalie Tampa had, and I saw a lot of pucks."

A second-year pro, the 6-foot, 170-pound Wilkinson is in his second season with
the Knights. He was second in the IHL in saves before joining Tampa and says the
NHL experience taught him some things.

"Everything happens faster," Wilkinson said. "They're the best in the world, and
it helped me see what I've got to do to improve. I'm not the biggest guy in the
world, and I've got to start standing up more, coming out to cut down angles."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution

                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 2, 2002 Wednesday Home Edition

Police misconduct alleged in killing;
Widow's lawyers file intent to sue

BYLINE: BETH WARREN, DOUG NURSE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett; Pg. 1JJ

LENGTH: 431 words


Police could have prevented a deadly standoff with a Duluth gunman and then
mishandled the situation once it escalated, attorneys for the gunman's estate
allege.

Atlanta lawyer David M. Sobell and his firm, Sobell & Foy, have notified
Gwinnett County of their intent to file suit based on police misconduct.

They cite what they view as several missteps by law enforcement and accuse
either Duluth police or Gwinnett County sheriff's deputies of firing the fatal
shots that killed Roman Khaimov, 38.

Khaimov, who reportedly was being treated for depression, shot at his estranged
wife Aug. 22 at a park near a Duluth police station. Police followed him to his
home in the Grove Park subdivision, where Khaimov again opened fire and was
killed.

Duluth police Officer Jill Manders was accidently shot by one of her fellow
officers in the exchange. She has since returned to work.

Sheriff Butch Conway said his deputies played a minor role, helping to direct
traffic away from the neighborhood. None of his officers fired any shots, Conway
said.

"They were on the periphery," he said Tuesday. "I think we got there after the
gentleman was dead.

A sheriff's car was in the view of news cameras covering the standoff, Conway
said. "That's probably the only reason they [attorneys for Khaimov's widow] are
including us."

The letter, dated last month, accuses law enforcement officials of failing to
seek an alternative to deadly force, using excessive force, failing to supervise
officers on the scene and firing excessive rounds into the home. It also accuses
police of failing to arrest Khaimov on Aug. 16, when his wife, Inna Savinova,
reported that he had bought a gun and threatened to kill her.

Gwinnett County attorney Karen Thomas said county officials are investigating
the lawyers' claims.

"I don't believe the complaint would have any basis," Thomas said. "I can't even
say that the Sheriff's Department was there. It was primarily the city of
Duluth."

Duluth police Chief Randy Belcher did not return repeated calls Tuesday.

Gwinnett County police and the district attorney's office are conducting an
independent review of the shooting. Ballistics tests are pending, and a report
on the findings has not been finalized, District Attorney Danny Porter said
Tuesday.

Officials have not revealed how many shots were fired by police and Khaimov or
how many bullets struck Khaimov.

Porter has confirmed that nine properties in the typically quiet neighborhood
were pelted in the hail of bullets as some neighbors took cover inside their
homes.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A 38-year-old Duluth man, who shot at his estranged wife Aug.
22, was killed in a subsequent shootout with police. / KENT D. JOHNSON / Staff

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                      April 21, 2002 Sunday Metro Edition

AREA Briefs

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 529 words


SOUTH BEND

Acquittal returned on misconduct charge

A St. Joseph Superior Court jury acquitted a South Bend man Wednesday of a Class
C felony charge of sexual misconduct with a minor.

Jonathan Wills, 37, was accused of engaging in sexual intercourse in 1996 with a
15-year-old girl. He was 31 at the time.

The female, who is now 21, had a baby girl in February 1997. Wills has admitted
he is the child's father in a paternity action and has been ordered to pay child
support.

The sexual misconduct case was originally filed in 1998 against another man with
a similar name and different date of birth and had to be dismissed. The
prosecutor's office refiled the case against Willis in July 2001.

Willis maintained he did not know she was 15 at the time they began a
relationship. Willis and the woman both testified that she had said she was 19.
Willis also claimed to be 19.

A legal defense to a charge of sexual misconduct with a minor is that the
defendant legitimately believed the other person was 16 or older.

It was only after Willis and the young woman had engaged in sexual intercourse
that he learned her true age from her parents, according to trial testimony.

Willis was represented by attorney Thomas Keller, and Deputy Prosecutor
Katherine Singer presented the state's case.



MISHAWAKA

Jefferson Road sector to close for work

Jefferson Road will be closed from the new AM General entrance to Bittersweet
Road for about three months beginning Monday.

Workers for Walsh & Kelly Inc. will widen the road and add curbs and gutters,
underground storm sewers and landscaping.

They will also fix driveway entrances and put up new traffic signs.

Randy Dobrodt, project engineer with the St. Joseph County engineering
department, expects the work to be done and the road reopened by mid-July.



MISHAWAKA

Meeting to address youth football league

School City of Mishawaka and the city Parks and Recreation Department will hold
a meeting about the forming of a youth Rocket Football League at 7 p.m. Monday
at the high school.



INDIANAPOLIS

South Bend student wins geography bee

Erik Bolt, a home-schooled eighth-grader from South Bend, won the 14th annual
Indiana State Geographic Bee earlier this month, defending his title and
advancing to the national championship for the second year in a row.

More than 150 fourth- through eighth-graders from across the state participated
in the event, and Bolt won the contest by correctly answering all three
questions of a tie-breaker championship round.

In the tie-breaker, Bolt and another student were required to study a map of
Central Asia and answer questions by identifying a location by its number on the
map and naming the location. In the third and final question, Bolt correctly
identified the Amu Daryn as the river that forms part of the border between
Tajikistan and northeast Afghanistan and that flows into Uzbekistan and
Turkmenistan before emptying into the Aral Sea.

"I'm just so relieved," Bolt said after the awards ceremony. "It was just a
really nice feeling to know I made it."

The National Geographic Bee will be May 21 and 22 in Washington.


LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday

'Riders' whistleblower wins settlement

BYLINE: By Paul T. Rosynsky, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TIMES-STAR; Tribune; Local

LENGTH: 525 words


Keith Batt, the former Oakland police officer who kicked off the "Riders" police
brutality scandal that plagued the department for more than three years, won a
$625,000 settlement with the city, attorneys said Tuesday.

Batt, now a Pleasanton police officer, sued the city, claiming his federal civil
rights were violated when he reported police misconduct to superiors in 2000.

Batt said he was forced to quit his job with the Oakland Police Department and
suffered emotional distress from threats he received from at least one of the
officers implicated in the misconduct case.

Batt's case against the city was set to go to trial in federal court early next
year, but rather than enduring another drawn-out jury trial, Batt and the city's
insurance company, Kemper Insurance, decided to settle.

"Kemper evaluated the risks going forward and made the decision that it made
economic sense to settle the claim now," said Gregory Fox, an attorney with San
Francisco-based Bertrand, Fox and Elliot, who was hired to represent the city.
"It was an opportunity for us to resolve the rest of these cases and allow the
department to move forward."

Batt's allegations were made against four officers who patrolled the streets of
West Oakland during overnight shifts. Batt said the officers made false police
reports, beat suspects and planted evidence on residents to trump up arrests.

Four police officers were eventually arrested and charged for a host of crimes
related to Batt's complaints, but none were ever convicted of the crimes despite
two separate trials.

Matthew Hornung was found not guilty of all charges filed against him while the
two other members of the Riders, Clarence Mabanag and Jude Siapno, escaped
conviction after the jury could not reach a unanimous decision of guilt or
innocence.

A fourth officer, Frank Vazquez, fled the country after allegations were made
and has never been found.

After being found not guilty in the criminal case, Hornung also filed a federal
civil rights lawsuit against the city.

In June, he reached a $1.5 million settlement with the city's insurance company.

The scandal also resulted in a $10.5 million settlement paid by the city and its
insurance company to victims of the Riders and a federal consent decree. In that
decree, which will last until 2010, a federal judge has oversight over the
department and mandates certain changes in procedures.

Although the settlement with Batt ends all litigation resulting from the Riders
scandal, the city is still fighting administrative attempts by Mabanag and
Siapno to be reinstated with back pay.

Both officers are seeking arbitration claiming they were unfairly fired whenthe
accusations arose.

Nevertheless, Batt's attorney, San Francisco-based Bruce Towner, said his client
was pleased that the department has changed for the better and wanted to bring
an end to the saga.

"I think everyone involved in the case felt that it was time to put this chapter
to a close," Towner said. "He is satisfied with the settlement and happy that
Oakland has been instructed to address the issues that he raised."

Contact Paul Rosynsky at prosynsky@bayareanewsgroup.com or 510-208-6455.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday

'Riders' whistle-blower wins $625,000 settlement

BYLINE: By Paul T. Rosynsky, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 525 words


Keith Batt, the former Oakland police officer who kicked off the "Riders" police
brutality scandal that plagued the department for more than three years, won a
$625,000 settlement with the city, attorneys said Tuesday.

Batt, now a Pleasanton police officer, sued the city, claiming his federal civil
rights were violated when he reported police misconduct to superiors in 2000.

Batt said he was forced to quit his job with the Oakland Police Department and
suffered emotional distress from threats he received from at least one of the
officers implicated in the misconduct case.

Batt's case against the city was set to go to trial in federal court early next
year, but rather than enduring another drawn-out jury trial, Batt and the city's
insurance company, Kemper Insurance, decided to settle.

"Kemper evaluated the risks going forward and made the decision that it made
economic sense to settle the claim now," said Gregory Fox, an attorney with San
Francisco-based Bertrand, Fox and Elliot, who was hired to represent the city.
"It was an opportunity for us to resolve the rest of these cases and allow the
department to move forward."

Batt's allegations were made against four officers who patrolled the streets of
West Oakland during overnight shifts. Batt said the officers made false police
reports, beat suspects and planted evidence on residents to trump up arrests.

Four police officers were eventually arrested and charged for a host of crimes
related to Batt's complaints, but none were ever convicted of the crimes despite
two separate trials.

Matthew Hornung was found not guilty of all charges filed against him while the
two other members of the Riders, Clarence Mabanag and Jude Siapno, escaped
conviction after the jury could not reach a unanimous decision of guilt or
innocence.

A fourth officer, Frank Vazquez, fled the country after allegations were made
and has never been found.

After being found not guilty in the criminal case, Hornung also filed a federal
civil rights lawsuit against the city.

In June, he reached a $1.5 million settlement with the city's insurance company.

The scandal also resulted in a $10.5 million settlement paid by the city and its
insurance company to victims of the Riders and a federal consent decree.

In that decree, which will last until 2010, a federal judge has oversight over
the department and mandates certain changes in procedures.

Although the settlement with Batt ends all litigation resulting from the Riders
scandal, the city is still fighting administrative attempts by Mabanag and
Siapno to be reinstated with back pay.

Both officers are seeking arbitration claiming they were unfairly fired when the
accusations arose.

Nevertheless, Batt's attorney, San Francisco-based Bruce Towner, said his client
was pleased that the department has changed for the better and wanted to bring
an end to the saga.

"I think everyone involved in the case felt that it was time to put this chapter
to a close," Towner said. "He is satisfied with the settlement and happy that
Oakland has been instructed to address the issues that he raised."

Contact Paul Rosynsky at prosynsky@bayareanewsgroup.com or 510-208-6455.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          KTXL-TV, Sacramento, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 7, 2012 Monday

Lathrop Mayor Faces Sexual Misconduct Allegations

BYLINE: Ian McDonald and Dennis Shanahan, KTXL-TV, Sacramento, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


May 07--LATHROP -- Lathrop Mayor J. "Chaka" Santos is facing accusations of
misconduct from a city employee, and addressed those accusations at a City
Council meeting Monday evening.

Santos says he wants to let a grand jury clear his name.

"From my heart to all of you guys, what happened, happened.  And all I can say
is that, if you decide to do so, let the Grand Jury decide, and let them
decipher what is going on," the mayor said.  He also said he doesn't want the
situation to paint Lathrop in a negative light.

According to a 50-page report prepared by the employee's attorney, Santos
allegedly approached a female employee and said, "things he should only say to
his wife." The employee, who remains unidentified, didn't immediately report the
alleged misconduct over fear of losing her job. After a while, she said she
began to feel "creeped out," according to the report.

In the report, Mayor Santos is also accused of pretending to lick rubber bands
previously held by the employee, holding a handshake for too long and calling
the employee "baby." Another accusation against Santos was that he wanted to
meet the employee after work.

According to quotes attributed to Santos in the attorney's report, the mayor
denied the rubber band incident.  And he believes many of his actions were
misconstrued.

After making his statement Monday, Santos decided to leave the council chamber
until the discussion, which included several speakers of various opinions, was
over.

Santos told the Stockton Record newspaper that the accusations were "politically
motivated." In the council meeting Monday, Councilmember Sonny Dhaliwal denied
any political motive behind the accusations being taken seriously.

"We are doing out job to protect our employees and protect our taxpayers," said
Dhaliwal.

The council voted unanimously to let the San Joaquin County Grand Jury to
investigate the claims against Santos.

Mayor Santos was elected in 2010 to serve a two-year term. He is up for
reelection this fall.

___ (c)2012 KTXL-TV (Sacramento, Calif.) Visit KTXL-TV (Sacramento, Calif.) at
www.fox40.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120507-5KT-Lathrop-Mayor-Faces-Sexual-Misconduct
-Allegations-0507-20120507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KT


                                 Copyright 2012

                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 9, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Army's top enlisted man told to face court-martial

BYLINE: Robert Burns; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01B

LENGTH: 401 words


Washington ---Sgt. Maj. of the Army Gene McKinney, the service's top enlisted
man, was ordered Wednesday to face a general court-martial on sexual-misconduct
charges involving accusations by six women.

No trial date was set. The Army asked that McKinney be arraigned as soon as
possible on 20 counts of misconduct.

McKinney has maintained he is innocent. He remains suspended from his duties as
sergeant major of the Army and is assigned to nearby Fort Myer, Va., where he
has been working on his legal defense.

The case, which started with sexual misconduct accusations by a former aide,
retired Sgt. Maj. Brenda Hoster, has been a source of enormous embarrassment for
the Army, which has contended this year with a string of sexual harassment and
abuse cases.

After the initial allegations became public, McKinney asked the Army to allow
him to retire.

Charles Gittins, McKinney's civilian defense attorney, did not immediately
return a phone call asking for comment on the court-martial decision.

Gittins had said earlier that if a court-martial were ordered he would file a
motion detailing cases in which Army general officers accused of the same
activity alleged against McKinney were not threatened with prosecution and were
allowed to retire with full benefits.

Earlier this week, Gittins filed a motion denouncing the Army's report from his
preliminary hearing as "flimsy and superficial." McKinney, who is black, has
accused the Army of racial bias.

The decision to take McKinney to trial in a general court-martial was made by
Maj. Gen. Robert Foley, commanding general of the Army Military District of
Washington. Foley announced the trial would be held at Fort Belvoir, Va., which
is under his command.

Foley also disclosed that two of 22 counts that had been referred to a
preliminary hearing this summer were dropped. Eric Clark, a spokesman for the
Military District of Washington, said the two counts were dismissed by Col. Owen
Powell, a reviewing officer who submitted his recommendations to Foley last
week.

The two counts that were dismissed were among three charges brought by Hoster,
who had been McKinney's public affairs adviser and is now retired from the Army.
The dropped charges were one count of maltreatment of a subordinate and one
count of assault by battery.

The one remaining count stemming from Hoster's allegations is indecent assault.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution

                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  January 25, 1996, Thursday, JOURNAL EDITION

Confusion surrounds review board;
Conflicting statements: Members in the dark as City Hall announces meeting
plans.

BYLINE: R. Robin McDonald and Charmagne Helton; STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 451 words


Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell's staff issued conflicting statements Wednesday
about the status of a Civilian Review Board he reactivated this month to look at
allegations of police misconduct.

Campbell spokeswoman Jill Strickland initially said that board members had
already started training sessions.

Wednesday evening, she said the board had not yet met but that board members had
been notified that their initial meeting would be next Thursday. Finally,
Strickland said the members would be informed of plans for the first meeting in
letters to be mailed today.

Newly appointed board Chairman Richard Wynn said the board has neither a staff
nor a liaison with City Hall responsible for channeling cases to it for review,
but he is planning a training session. Other board members were not aware of any
plans.

State Rep. Kathy Ashe, a member of a review board under Mayor Andrew Young who
was recently reappointed by Campbell, said Wednesday: "The only thing I have
heard is the one phone call asking me to participate."

New board member Marcia Brinkley, a member of the Midtown Neighbors Association
and the mayor's Freaknik planning committee, said: "Other than being able to
tell you I'm very honored the mayor appointed me, I really don't have any
information at this time."

Campbell was not available for comment. He left the city Wednesday to attend the
U.S. Conference of Mayors in Washington, D.C.

Saying there was a public "crisis of confidence" in the city police department,
Campbell reappointed the Civilian Review Board three weeks ago in the wake of
the fatal shooting of Jerry Jackson by a city police officer Dec. 7.

Wynn, pastor of the Warren United Methodist Church, said that although the
mayor's office has provided him with a list of board members, he knows only two
of them, and has not yet been told how to contact them.

"I expect to meet with these people very soon, within the next week or so," Wynn
said.

Campbell was unaware that three members of Mayor Young's board, including Ashe,
had continued to meet at City Hall and consider cases presented to them by a
city staff member.

Wynn, who participated in Campbell's inauguration, said the review board will
need staff and money to do its job.

Southern Christian Leadership Conference President Joseph Lowery, who initially
called the board a "a paper tiger," said Wednesday the board is presently
ill-equipped to do its job.

"Right now, they don't have any authority, and they don't have any staff. They
don't have any resources," Lowery said. "Without that, it would be dangerous for
the committee, and unfair to the committee, to expect it to deal with such
complex and sensitive issues."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution

                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

Tennessee: Former Chattanooga Police Detective Indicted for Tampering with
Evidence, Official Misconduct

LENGTH: 214  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has issue the following news
Release:



 An investigation by Special Agents with the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation
has resulted in the indictment of a former Chattanooga police detective on
charges of tampering with evidence and official misconduct.





 At the request of 11th District Attorney General Neal Pinkston, TBI Special
Agents, with the assistance of the Chattanooga Police Department, began
investigating then-Chattanooga police officer Karl William Fields on September
9, 2014. During the course of the investigation, Special Agents developed
information that while Fields was investigating a rape case, he withheld
evidence related to that investigation. Fields' employment with the Chattanooga
Police Department has since been terminated.



 On Wednesday, the Hamilton County Grand Jury returned a two-count indictment
charging Fields, 43, with one count of Tampering with Evidence  and one count of
Official Misconduct. Fields turned himself in at the Hamilton County Jail on
Friday and was booked. He was released after posting a $5,000 bond.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Church: 2 Minn. priests taking leaves of absences

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 332 words


ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) - Two Twin Cities-area Roman Catholic priests have taken
voluntary leaves of absence for "prior misconduct" that didn't involve children,
the archdiocese said.

The Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis said that the Rev. David Barrett, an
assistant pastor at the Church of St. Wenceslaus in New Prague, and the Rev.
Paul Moudry, the pastor at St. Margaret Mary in Golden Valley, would remain on
leave indefinitely.

The archdiocese said neither of the priests' alleged misconduct involved
children or members of the parishes that they currently serve. Barrett has been
at St. Wenceslaus since 2009, and Moudry has been at St. Margaret Mary since
2001.

Jim Accurso, a spokesman for the archdiocese, said Monday that he could not go
into any further detail about the nature of the misconduct. Barrett, reached by
phone, declined to comment. Contact information for Moudry could not be
immediately located. Neither man will perform any public ministry during his
leave, the archdiocese said.

.

.

Archdiocese leaders have been under fire recently for mishandling allegations of
sexual misconduct against a handful of priests, including allegations that are
being investigated by the police. Archbishop John Nienstedt's top deputy stepped
down in response, and some have called for called for Nienstedt to resign, as
well.

In response, Nienstedt set up a Ministerial Standards Board to review church
policies and he ordered a review of clergy files by an outside firm.

Accurso would not reveal whether Barrett or Moudry went on leave in response to
findings by either the Ministerial Standards Board or the external review.
However, the archdiocese noted in its news release that both priests would
cooperate with the recommendations of the Ministerial Standards Board based on
reviews of their actions.

The archdiocese also said Barrett had been under supervision by pastoral
leadership and others at the archdiocese, and had undergone counseling during
his current and prior assignments.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 15, 1994, Friday

Sheriff 'vacates' deputy's position Inmate's suicide, resulting stress cited

BYLINE: By Scott Marshall STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 1

LENGTH: 375 words


The Gwinnett County Sheriff's Department has "vacated" the position of a veteran
deputy who claimed the sheriff blamed her for an inmate's suicide and who later
said she could not work at the jail because of stress-related medical problems.

The action ends Sgt. Sharon Dewitt's eight-year career with the department.

Dewitt claimed she suffered job stress that was aggravated by the inmate's
suicide last year and by the way it was handled by Sheriff Jim Carsten.

Sheriff's officials contend they followed county Merit System rules, consulted
with the county attorneys and had no choice but to fill her position with
someone else because she would not or could not work at the jail, Undersheriff
Mike Barkhurst said Thursday.

Dewitt declined to comment, saying she was considering what action to take next.

Dewitt had asked to be transferred out of her position at the jail after she
suffered from continuing stress and other medical problems after she believed
blame was placed on her after the suicide. Inmate John Marlow, 30, hanged
himself in his cell on July 2, 1993.

She requested the transfer last October, which Carsten denied.

"The suicide - he blamed me for it," Dewitt said at the time. "He backed me into
a corner and he was screaming to the point he was spitting. He threatened me
with suspension for neglecting an inmate."

"That's not true," Carsten responded.

Dewitt was again denied a transfer in January.

On Feb. 7, she was relieved of duty. Carsten said at the time that she could
return to her job at the jail.

Dewitt has contended that her doctor advised her to seek the transfer.

The issue became controversial within the department when, during a discussion
of the issue, a deputy taped comments the sheriff allegedly made about Dewitt.

The deputy who taped the discussion, Lt. David Sullivan, was suspended for three
days for allegations of conduct unbecoming an officer and for inefficiency.

Sullivan contended he taped the discussion because he didn't have time to take
notes.

The discussion centered on Dewitt's transfer request, according to Dewitt.
Carsten denied that and has refused to release the tape. Barkhurst said Dewitt's
attorney threatened to sue the department if the tape was released.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941970107

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution

                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 30, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

Addenda

ns

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 71 words


Three police officers were charged in Newark, N.J., with conspiracy and official
misconduct for failing to report the shooting June 9 of a 17-year-old car-theft
suspect, apparently by an officer, authorities said.

Attorneys would be prohibited from telling juries that a rape victim wore
provocative clothing during the attack, under a bill approved by the New York
state Senate Sunday. The bill now goes to the Assembly.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post

                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

St. Thomas law professor forms priest misconduct panel for archdiocese

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BREAKING; Ramsey County

LENGTH: 792 words


Archbishop John Nienstedt has named a law professor who also is a Dominican
priest to form a lay task force to investigate new claims of sexual misconduct
by priests.

Reginald Whitt, one of the founding faculty members of the University of St.
Thomas School of Law, will name the lay committee -- he won't serve on it --
according to a "Pulpit Announcement" that Nienstedt asked his priests to read at
church services over the weekend.

"There can be no question: Our standard is -- and must always be -- zero
tolerance for abuse," Nienstedt wrote in the letter.

He went on to ask that everyone "pray for all victims of sexual misconduct in
church ministry and in our society."

A press release Monday said the task force would consist of at least six
members, to be named Wednesday. The panel would make recommendations that would
be released to the public.

The archbishop said panel members would convene this week and "will have full
authority and all the resources needed to complete their work."

Bob Schwiderski, director of Minnesota Survivors Network of those Abused by
Priests, issued a statement Sunday saying he doubted the task force would be
truly independent given that Nienstedt appointed the person who will assemble it
and that the task force is expected to get to work this week.

"That suggests it has already been appointed," Schwiderski said in a statement.
"Either way, there will obviously be no public input into the membership or the
parameters of this task force. So once again, it's a largely secretive, top-down
approach."

The Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis had announced plans for such a
task force Friday. On Saturday, a former archdiocese official released a
statement calling for an external review of all clergy -- and saying priests who
have engaged in sexual misconduct or who may pose a threat to children should be
removed.

Jennifer Haselberger, who left her job in April as the archdiocese's chancellor
for canonical affairs, claimed she had raised concerns about such issues in the
past but nothing had come of her efforts.

Since July, she has been providing information to Minnesota Public Radio
"regarding acts of sexual and other misconduct involving several members of the
clergy. ... My hope was that by making this information public it would serve as
a warning about predatory priests currently serving in the archdiocese," she
wrote in a statement.

Among them : the Rev. Jonathan Shelley, 52, formerly at St. John the Baptist
Church in Hugo. In 2004, a computer he owned had thousands of pornographic
images stored on it.

The archdiocese did not report the matter to police. Eventually, Haselberger
told Ramsey County prosecutors, and they got St. Paul police to investigate.

The police inquiry ground to a halt Sept. 29 when investigators said they found
no child pornography on disks the archdiocese had provided. But Friday, the Hugo
man who told the archdiocese about the computer in 2004 turned over to police
copies of what he said were portions of the computer's hard drive.

Friday's statement from the archdiocese was critical of media reports it said
were "incomplete and leave a false impression about the commitment of the
archdiocese to identify and address misconduct by priests."

Nienstedt's pulpit announcement referred to "disturbing news."

"It is understandable to be distressed by what you are seeing and hearing," he
wrote. "Addressing these serious allegations is the top priority for the
archdiocese. It is also critical that the assessment of this situation is done
by an independent group so that there can be no question of the integrity of the
review."

Whitt will "oversee the current administration related to clergy misconduct" and
will also appoint members of the task force, the announcement said.

He said the panel will "review any and all issues related to clergy misconduct
and ... make specific recommendations regarding actions to be taken and policies
to be implemented."

Whitt was one of the founding members of St. Thomas' law faculty when the School
of Law reopened in 2001. (The university had opened a law school in 1923 but
closed it 10 years later.)

His biography on the school's website says that in 2003 he took a leave to serve
as president of the pontifical faculty at the Dominican House of Studies,
located in Washington, and returned to St. Thomas in the fall of 2007.

He has taught at the law schools at Villanova University, the University of
Kentucky, Duke University and the University of Notre Dame.

The bio says he is known for his research "in African-American Catholic
concerns," and that his other research interests "embrace the ministry of the
bishops, liturgical law, Catholic colleges and universities, and ecclesiastical
structures, property and governance."

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The sun was spotted shining through the clouds near the dome of the
Cathedral of Saint Paul in St. Paul, Minn. Friday, January 6, 2006 after a
couple of weeks without being seen.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 10, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

AN INTERESTING PERSPECTIVE ON COURSE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 414 words


Georgetown law students signing up for this summer's course on public corruption
no doubt expected to be taught by someone who investigates official misconduct.
What they might not have expected was to be taught by someone who's under
investigation for official misconduct.

But that's exactly what students who signed up for JD 349 might have had in one
of their instructors, Brenda Morris, who was lead prosecutor in the government's
case against Sen. Ted Stevens, R-Alaska.

Stevens was convicted last fall and lost his bid for re-election, but Morris and
some of her colleagues from the Justice Department's Public Integrity Section
are now the ones in hot water.

The judge in the case scolded prosecutors repeatedly for withholding information
from the defense, and in February, after another violation came to light, the
judge held Morris and two other Justice attorneys in contempt. Last week,
Attorney General Eric Holder said he would ask the judge to dismiss the charges.

But Morris and the others are under investigation by the Justice Department's
Office of Professional Responsibility. She called the school this week and
withdrew. Washington Post

* * *

Big city services

- A New York City organ damaged on Sept. 11, 2001, will be played on Good Friday
for the first time since the terrorist attacks. The 1,680-pipe organ at St.
Paul's Chapel near ground zero has undergone a complete cleaning. Two-and-a-half
gallons of dirt have been removed and two bent pipes replaced.

- Cardinal Edward Egan, the recently hospitalized archbishop of New York,
returned to the altar Thursday and will lead several Holy Week services. Egan is
retiring next week and will be succeeded by Milwaukee Archbishop Timothy Dolan.

* * *

Unfortunate ends

- Authorities say a woman who jumped to her death inside a busy New York City
mall landed on a teenager, causing injuries that sent him to a hospital. Derrick
Munoz had been sitting in a massage chair with a sign reading, "sit back and
relax," when the woman in her early to mid 50s landed on him.

- Franziska Stegbauer, 77, suffered a fatal stab wound while trying to break up
a sword fight Thursday between her grandson and brother-in-law, police said.
"We're unsure yet who started this fight, how the swordplay got involved,"
police Sgt. Matthew Mount said. "We'll have to do some testing on the swords and
figure out who had which sword." Stegbauer's grandson, 39-year-old Chris
Rondeau, was under arrest on a preliminary charge of attempted murder.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Egan PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 25, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

NHL: No Suspensions For Smith or Shanahan

BYLINE: Robert Fachet, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C6; CAPITALS NOTEBOOK

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., April 24, 1988


Brian O'Neill, executive vice president of the National Hockey League, flew here
from Montreal today, conducted a hearing into Friday's stick-swinging incident
between Washington's Greg Smith and New Jersey's Brendan Shanahan, and decided
no suspensions were warranted.

"All reports, both written and oral, indicate there was no deliberate attempt to
injure by either player," O'Neill said. "The players, after committing
high-sticking infractions, had dropped their sticks and gloves. In the referee's
[Denis Morel] view, the only individual that had a full view of the incident,
match penalties were justified."

O'Neill said fines would be levied, with the full judgment to be rendered
Monday. Neither player can be fined more than $ 500 under the owner-player
bargaining agreement, but the teams could be told to pay larger amounts.

O'Neill said no further disciplinary action would be taken against Washington's
Dale Hunter beyond the automatic $ 200 fines for the gross misconduct and game
misconduct penalties he received Friday. Hunter was ejected after abusing Morel
verbally, then the gross misconduct was added for giving Morel a "choke" sign as
Hunter skated off.Developing Rivalry

Washington General Manager David Poile has taken a lot of heat for building up
the Pat Verbeek-Rod Langway incident and some New York-area critics trace the
mayhem that followed to Poile inciting his players to get revenge.

"It's not what I intended," Poile said. "It was an emotional thing after losing
one of our best players and if there's blame, I'll take it. But we're told to do
something like this [asking for a review of the videotape] by the league, if we
feel it's something that should be looked at."

Although unhappy with the excesses that have accompanied its beginning, Poile
was pleased to see a heated rivalry develop with the Devils.

"For good or bad, there's nothing better than for a rivalry to be started in a
playoff series," Poile said. "We had not established a rivalry against New
Jersey. By contrast, with Philadelphia, even the exhibition games were intense.

"A lot of what's good with the Capitals, our success on the ice and in the
stands, is because of rivalries with Patrick Division teams."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post

                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Veteran coach signs on at FSU;
Bill Miller also served as assistant at UM and UF.

BYLINE:  By Tom D'Angelo   Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 445 words


Bill Miller, a linebackers coach with strong ties to the state, will join the
staff at Florida State.

Miller is leaving the University of Minnesota to join FSU, Gophers coach Jerry
Kill confirmed. Miller was the defensive coordinator at Miami from 1995-98 and
the linebacker coach/associate head coach at Florida in 2003-04.

Miller was assistant head coach/linebackers at Minnesota for three years. He has
coached at Texas-Arlington, Oklahoma State, Drake, Nevada, Michigan State,
Arizona, Western Michigan, Louisville and Kansas during a 36-year career.

Miller fills the vacancy created when defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt left
to take the same position at Georgia. Charles Kelly was promoted to defensive
coordinator and will coach the secondary. Jimbo Fisher had hired James Willis,
the defensive coordinator at Louisiana-Lafayette, to coach linebackers before
Willis backed out.

Michigan: The federal government is looking at the University of Michigan's
response to a reported violation of its sexual misconduct policy by a football
player.

The Detroit News reported Tuesday that the probe by the Education Department's
Office for Civil Rights began after federal officials received complaints
related to the expulsion of kicker Brendan Gibbons, who is no longer enrolled.

A complaint filed last year says the university didn't investigate the 2009
incident. It also says the school's grievance policy doesn't fully comply with a
federal law prohibiting discrimination based on gender.School spokesman Rick
Fitzgerald says Michigan will "fully cooperate" with the investigation.

Gibbons, who played at Cardinal Newman, was expelled in December for violating
the sexual misconduct policy. He has not been charged with a crime.

About 40 students, wearing red patches, protested the handling of Gibbons'
expulsion Tuesday, according to ESPN.com. They marched to the Fleming
Administration Building, which houses the Office of Student Conflict Resolution,
which handles sexual misconduct policy cases.

LSU: A 14-year-old quarterback from South Texas has committed to play for the
Tigers

Eighth-grader Zadock Dinkelmann orally committed on Friday. He's the nephew of
Ty and Koy Detmer. Ty Detmer won the 1990 Heisman Trophy at BYU and Koy Detmer
was an All-Big 12 player at Colorado. Both played in the NFL.

The 6-foot-4 Dinkelmann plays for a junior high in Somerset, southwest of San
Antonio. The San Antonio Express-News reports he announced his choice six months
before he can compete in high school.

The nonbinding declaration continues a trend of adolescents committing to
colleges.

The Associated Press contributed to this story.

tdangelo@pbpost.com Twitter: @tomdangelo44

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 5, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Earlier Complaints on Officer in S.I. Case

BYLINE: By CRAIG WOLFF

SECTION: Section B;   Page 4;   Column 1;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 747 words


An officer involved in a videotaped altercation with a handcuffed Staten Island
man last month has been the subject of seven misconduct complaints in a
nine-year career, including four for excessive use of force, law-enforcement
officials said yesterday. The officials said that two complaints were still
under review and that the other five had not been substantiated by the board
that investigates such accusations.

The police yesterday offered new details of the incident in Clifton on Staten
Island, in which an officer is visible on the videotape striking the handcuffed
suspect twice. The arresting officer in the case, who was the subject of the
earlier misconduct complaints, was identified as Richard Rodriguez. A police
official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Officer Rodriguez was visible
on the videotape, though the police would not confirm whether he was the officer
who struck the suspect.

Police officials said the suspect, who was arrested on drug and assault charges,
had first managed to escape from a patrol car and had kicked an officer before
he was ultimately subdued and put back in the car.

But the police officials did not say whether the officer's actions were
justified. They said an investigation would take weeks to complete.

At least part of the encounter between Officer Rodriguez and Dannis Dublin, the
handcuffed man, was caught on videotape by a woman watching from a window in her
sixth-floor apartment on the night of April 15. The incident occurred just down
the street from where a man died during a struggle with officers last Friday.

The death of Ernest Sayon, 22, which followed an anti-drug sweep through the
Park Hill apartments, prompted a demonstration outside the 120th Precinct in
Staten Island last week and at the gates of Gracie Mansion on Tuesday. The City
Medical Examiner's office has yet to release the results of an autopsy on Mr.
Sayon.

In the wake of the two incidents, Police Commissioner William J. Bratton has
spoken out against officers who, while trying to root out drug dealers, might
end up infringing on civil rights.

Mr. Bratton, who watched a tape of the April clash with Mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani earlier this week, said yesterday that eight or nine officers were seen
on the tape, but he did not release the names of the other officers or indicate
what roles they might have played in the arrest.

The tape, while grainy, shows an officer holding a man in a headlock and then
punching him twice in the head. The man, his hands handcuffed behind him, is
then thrown onto the hood of a parked car. Two television news programs
broadcast the footage on Sunday.

Law-enforcement officials said Officer Rodriguez had been the subject of seven
complaints filed with the Civilian Complaint Review Board. The officials, who
spoke on condition of anonymity, said that the number of complaints an officer
accumulates often depends on the precinct but that seven was considered higher
than average. While the board is unable to substantiate the vast majority of
complaints, even unsubstantiated complaints generally stay on an officer's
record.

The complaints against Officer Rodriguez stretch from 1987, when he was charged
with dragging and pulling someone and with improperly drawing a gun and
illegally searching an apartment. Officer Rodriguez was exonerated of some of
those allegations; on the other charges, the board was not able to substantiate
the allegations.

Last Complaint

The last complaint against the officer was filed in early April, only days
before the videotaped encounter, and accused him of cursing at a Staten Island
resident.

Police officials said yesterday that Officer Rodriguez arrested Mr. Dublin, a
19-year-old man who lives in the Park Hill Houses, after he saw him drinking
liquor on the street. The officer was planning to issue a summons to Mr. Dublin,
but after Mr. Dublin showed a false identification, Mr. Dublin was put in the
back of a patrol car, the police said.

Then, according to the police account, Mr. Dublin managed to run from the car
and kicked an officer because he was apprehended again. The police said
yesterday that officers found 100 clear plastic bags of what they believed to be
crack in Mr. Dublin's pockets.

Earlier this week, Mr. Dublin said several officers had attacked him without
provocation while he was under arrest, kicking and striking him with their
nightsticks. He said the officers had planted the drugs on him.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company

                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              May 13, 2016 Friday

Sexual misconduct investigation surfaced after Oakland cop's suicide

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 459 words


OAKLAND -- An investigation of sexual misconduct involving three police officers
and a woman surfaced in the wake of another officer's suicide last year,
authorities said Thursday.

Authorities obtained information while investigating the death of Officer
Brendan O'Brien, and launched the sex-misconduct investigation, sources said.

O'Brien was 30 when he died on Sept. 25, 2015, in Oakland, according to the
coroner's office, which ruled his death a suicide. The San Francisco native's
wife also committed suicide in June 2014, authorities said.

Three police officers have been placed on paid leave due to allegations

of sexual misconduct between them and a female who does not work for the
department, police said. They are also the subject of a criminal and internal
affairs investigation.

The department has not named the officers, provided details about the
allegations or said when the officers were placed on leave.

Sources said the officers initially contacted the woman through a social media
site, and their other contacts with her were while they were off duty. The woman
is related to a civilian employee of the police department, according to
sources.

The law firm of Rains Lucia Stern is representing the three officers but
declined to comment Thursday.

The case has upset U.S. District Judge Thelton Henderson, who oversees the
department's court-mandated reforms stemming from the 1999 Riders police
brutality scandal.

"This case raises most serious concerns that may well impact defendants' ability
to demonstrate their commitment to accountability and sustainability -- both of
which are key to ending court oversight," the judge wrote in a March 23 court
order.

Civil rights attorney John Burris, one of the lawyers involved in the Riders
case, also said the latest investigation could impact the department's ability
to end federal oversight, depending on what is found.

"It could be a setback," said Burris, who called the latest case another
"embarrassing" moment for the department.

In April, Officer Cullen Faeth was charged with four misdemeanors, including
public intoxication, stemming from an attack on a probation officer at her
Oakland hills home, on Dec. 7.

Rookie officer Matthew Santos was fired while on probation status for allegedly
using a gun while off duty to threaten a man painting his apartment door in
Emeryville on Feb. 17. He was charged in April with two felony counts.

In a statement released Wednesday, the department said it "will not tolerate
misconduct of any kind from its employees. The (department) holds all employees
accountable for their actions on and off duty."

Staff writer Harry Harris contributed to this report. David DeBolt covers
Oakland. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at Twitter.com/daviddebolt .

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland
Police Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015.
(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Around the Nation

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 577 words

Detroit Mayor Mired In More Legal Disputes

 DETROIT -- A Michigan judge on Tuesday refused to block a hearing that could
force Mayor Kwame M. Kilpatrick (D) from office, and the state Court of Appeals
also decided against stepping in.

The legal developments seemed to increase the likelihood that Kilpatrick's fate
will be decided by Gov. Jennifer Granholm, who plans to convene the hearing
Wednesday. Under the state constitution, the governor has the power to expel a
public official for misconduct.

Wayne County Circuit Judge Robert Ziolkowski rejected arguments by Kilpatrick's
attorneys that Granholm is biased and that Michigan law is vague about the
definition of misconduct.

"Holding a public office is not a public right and not subject to due process
rights," Ziolkowski said, rejecting a claim that Kilpatrick's right to "just and
fair treatment" would be violated.

The Detroit City Council asked Granholm to hold the hearing, arguing that
Kilpatrick misled its members when he settled lawsuits with former police
officers for $8.4 million.

The council says it did not know the deal covered up sexually charged text
messages between the mayor and his former top aide, Christine Beatty. Those
messages have led to charges of perjury, conspiracy, misconduct and obstruction
of justice against Kilpatrick and Beatty.

Trial Starts in Smuggling Case

MIAMI -- A Venezuelan businessman went on trial on U.S. charges that he
illegally acted as his government's agent in an elaborate scheme to conceal the
source of $800,000 in political cash carried in a suitcase into Argentina.
Prosecutors say Franklin Duran, 40, was doing the bidding of Venezuela's
intelligence service when he and others used promises of $2 million in cash and
veiled threats of violence to make the coverup work. Duran has pleaded not
guilty to charges of conspiracy and failing to register as a Venezuelan agent.

Vote on Renzi Replacement

PHOENIX -- Four Democrats and four Republicans competed for their parties'
nominations to replace Rep. Rick Renzi, a Republican charged in a land swap that
authorities say helped him collect hundreds of thousands of dollars in payoffs.
Several months before he was indicted, Renzi decided not to seek a fourth term
in Congress.

Man With Weapons Is Arrested

LOS ANGELES -- A man accused of shooting at a traffic light was arrested near
the University of California at Los Angeles with five loaded semiautomatic
pistols and more than 8,000 rounds of ammunition in his possession, police said.
Gene Bush, 52, was booked for investigation of negligently discharging a
firearm. A UCLA police spokeswoman said police think  Bush was did not have a
target.

Pilot Allowed to Resume Flying

HARRISBURG, Pa. -- A commercial airline pilot who alleges his job was threatened
because his name was on a secret terrorist watch list is being allowed to resume
flying, according to his lawyers. The pilot said he was put on the list because
he is a Muslim. The two-sentence letter from Manassas-based Colgan Air to the
Transportation Security Administration confirmed that Erich Scherfen can return
to work. It did not mention any watch list or the reason that the company
suspended Scherfen in April.

6 Dead in Wash. Shootings

ALGER, Wash. -- A man fatally shot a sheriff's deputy who was responding to a
call in northwestern Washington state, then led authorities on a car chase and
killed five other people before turning himself in, officials said.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Chris Knight -- Associated Press; Erich Scherfen, right, and
his wife, Rabina Tareen, listened as Witold Walczak of the American Civil
Liberties Union of Pennsylvania spoke to reporters last month. Scherfen, a
Muslim, has said he is on a terrorist watch list.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 31, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

U.N. Panel Is Told of Rights Violations at U.S. Women's Prisons

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH OLSON

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: GENEVA, March 30


An independent fact-finder for the United Nations has said sexual misconduct by
prison guards is common in women's prisons in the United States.

The fact-finder, or special investigator for violence against women, issued her
report today to the United Nations Human Rights Commission, which is meeting
here for six weeks to examine rights violations around the world.

Since the session began on March 22, the United States has found its human
rights record being scrutinized, and sometimes criticized, particularly on
accusations of police brutality, ill treatment of detained women seeking asylum
and the use of capital punishment, especially for those who committed their
crimes before the age of 18.

The investigator, Radhika Coomaraswamy of Sri Lanka, added sexual misconduct and
the "cruel" use of shackles in women's prisons to the list, based on her visits
last June to state and Federal prisons in six states and Washington, D.C.

Ms. Coomaraswamy, a lawyer who operates independently of the United Nations
Human Rights Office, which appointed her, said she made the visits after
receiving "serious allegations of sexual misconduct by male corrections
officers."

In some prisons, she said she was told that "at least two-thirds of the female
inmates have been sexually or physically abused."

Rape, Ms. Coomaraswamy said in her report, was a "fairly rare phenomenon." More
frequent, she added, was "sex in return for favors, or consensual sex." In
addition, she said she found "sanctioned sexual harassment" to be prevalent, and
described such incidents as "women being pat-frisked by men and monitored in
their rooms and in the showers by male corrections officers."

Ms. Coomaraswamy took testimony from 44 women in custody and 10 corrections
officers while visiting prisons in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Minnesota,
New Jersey and New York.

She noted in her report that, according to Justice Department statistics, the
United States has the largest number of prisoners of any nation in the world,
with more than 43,000 women in custody. These women, she said, were most often
poor and black and were often unwittingly involved in drug trafficking.

Ms. Coomaraswamy called for an end to the use of leg irons and chains. Their use
"violates international standards and may be said to constitute cruel and
unusual practices," she asserted, adding that there were "large-scale
violations" in prisons in the United States.

Women who are refugees or seeking asylum have been "in many cases shackled at
the airport even when there is no criminal sanction against them," Ms.
Coomaraswamy said.

"Women in labor are shackled during transport to a hospital and soon after the
baby is born," she said in discussing the case of a 26-year-old Virginia woman
who was a first-time offender. In another case, she said, shackles "were kept on
even during delivery."

Conditions in women's prisons varied substantially, and Ms. Coomaraswamy urged
that minimum standards be adopted to conform with United States obligations
under international treaties guaranteeing human rights. In addition, she said,
states should criminalize sexual misconduct between staff members and inmates.
The presence of male prison guards "creates a situation in which sexual
misconduct is more pervasive than if women were guarded by female officers," the
report said.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      March 14, 2001, Wednesday, Edition 1

JUNIOR HOCKEY PHYSICAL, VERBAL JABS AT REFEREES PROBED BY OHL

BYLINE: Sunaya Sapurji

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 395 words



Ontario Hockey League referee-in-chief Ted Baker is busy this week reviewing
three separate incidents in which officials were abused.

On Saturday, London Knights leading scorer Rick Nash was given a game misconduct
for physically abusing an official in a game in Erie, Pa.

Nash was given a 10-minute misconduct for an incident with referee Scott Hoberg
in the second period of the game. Late in the third period, Nash caught Hoberg
with an elbow, as the 16-year-old says he was trying to move out of the way.

"I had no intention to hit him at all," said Nash. "I've had collisions with
officials before and I've said sorry and we go on."

The category two game misconduct - for deliberately using physical force without
intent to injure - carries a 10-game suspension. The league may issue a lesser
suspension.

In another incident Saturday, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds overager Nick Jones
was involved in a penalty box run-in with off-ice officials in a game in
Plymouth, Mich. Jones allegedly became belligerent with an official working the
Greyhounds box.

Baker says he is awaiting both the video and reports from off-ice officials in
Plymouth.

"Based on a preliminary review, we do have concerns regarding what happened in
the penalty box," said Baker.

On Sunday in Windsor, Jones found himself in trouble again, as referee Craig
Spada slapped him with a double game misconduct for verbally abusing an
official. That penalty carries an automatic four-game suspension.

Both the Greyhounds and Knights are fighting for the last playoff spot in the
Western Conference.

CZECH BOUNCED: Peterborough Petes may have to get through the playoffs without
 rookie import Lucas Krajicek. Krajicek has been called back to
 his native Czech Republic to play for their world under-18 hockey
 championship team. The tournament takes place in Finland from
 April 12-22, and Krajicek would have to report by April 5, which
 would conflict with the Petes' playoff dates.

 ZIGGY INJURED: The Kingston Frontenacs will be without leading scorer Mike
 Zigomanis for roughly two weeks while he recovers from a
 separated shoulder suffered Friday. Zigomanis, who has 40 goals
 and 37 assists in 52 games, joins defencemen Doug MacIver (knee)
 and J. F. Seguin (mono) on the Fronts' disabled list.

 WITH FILES FROM CANADIAN PRESS



LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Investigation into alleged misconduct of U of S swim teams concludes

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 139 words


May 05--SCRANTON -- A suspension of the University of Scranton's men's and
women's swimming and diving teams has been lifted after an investigation into
reported misconduct was completed.

Both teams were suspended earlier this year amid charges that some members
violated the university's hazing, alcohol and sexual harassment/misconduct
policies. Athletic Director David Martin met with team members on Tuesday to
discuss the findings of the investigation, according to the university.

While the school cannot discuss the outcome of individual cases, the teams will
be on probation through 2016-17 and must participate in educational programing
and community service.

-- STAFF REPORT

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160505-YT-BRF-Investigation-into-alleged-misconduct
-of-U-of-S-swim-teams-concludes-0505-20160505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune

                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 2, 2008 Tuesday

Polanski asks to dismiss 1978 sex charges

BYLINE: By DAILY News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


LOS ANGELES   Lawyers for film director Roman Polanski, a fugitive in France for
30 years in a notorious California sex case, filed a request Tuesday to dismiss
the charge against him due to prosecutorial and judicial misconduct.

The motion alleges that a documentary film about Polanski released earlier this
year revealed "a pattern of misconduct and improper communications" between the
district attorney's office and the judge in Polanski's case.

Poland-born Polanski has been living in self-imposed exile from the United
States since fleeing in 1978 after pleading guilty to having sex with a
13-year-old girl.

He was initially indicted on six felony counts and faced up to life in prison.
Instead, he pleaded guilty to one count of unlawful sexual intercourse with a
minor and five other counts were dismissed.

Polanski skipped sentencing and fled to France. The judge issued a warrant for
his arrest that is still in effect. Polanski has continued to direct films while
in exile, including the Holocaust drama "The Pianist," which won an Oscar in
2003.

Spears announces North American tour

NEW YORK   Britney Spears is taking her "Circus" act on the road.

In an appearance on ABC's "Good Morning America," the pop star announced that
her North American arena tour will open March 3 in New Orleans. Her new album,
"Circus," arrived Tuesday, on her 27th birthday.

It is Spears' first tour in five years as she gains career momentum and
stability in her personal life. Spears, who sang her hit "Womanizer" on "GMA,"
begins rehearsals next month.

Spears' 27-city itinerary includes Atlanta, Miami, Boston, Houston, Dallas,
Minneapolis, Los Angeles and Las Vegas. She'll close the tour April 28 in
Chicago.

She will jump to London for performances on June 3 and June 4.

Coleman: No contest in bowling alley incident

SALT LAKE CITY   Gary Coleman has pleaded no contest to a disorderly conduct
charge stemming from a September incident at a bowling alley.

The 40-year-old former star of "Diff'rent Strokes" was ordered to pay a $100
fine in a Payson court Tuesday. He also pleaded no contest to a reckless driving
charge, which will be waived if he doesn't have any other violations within a
year.

According to court documents, Coleman, his wife and his bodyguard were going
bowling in Payson, about 60 miles south of Salt Lake City, when Colt Rushton
took a few photos of Coleman with his cell phone camera and took a few more of
Coleman's truck in the parking lot.

Rushton's lawyer says Coleman's wife took Rushton's cell phone, a scuffle ensued
and then Coleman ran into Rushton with his truck as he was backing out of the
parking lot.

Hudson's brother-in-law charged with murders

CHICAGO   Jennifer Hudson's brother-in-law was charged with murder Tuesday in
the shooting deaths of three of the actress's family members, including the
7-year-old son of his estranged wife.

William Balfour had been in custody since Oct. 24, when the bodies of Hudson's
mother, Darnell Hudson Donerson, and brother, Jason Hudson, were discovered in
their South Side home. The body of Julian King, Balfour's stepson and Hudson's
nephew, was found in a sport utility vehicle three days later.

Balfour, 27, is charged with three counts of first-degree murder and one count
of felony home invasion.

Balfour's attorney said his client is insistent about his innocence.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              March 3, 2002 Sunday

Archdiocese issues guide for reports of sexual abuse

BYLINE: STEPHEN SCOTT Religion Editor

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 562 words


Archbishop Harry Flynn this week outlined for Twin Cities Catholics how the
archdiocese would respond to allegations of sexual misconduct in its parishes.

The archdiocese, meanwhile, released a statement saying it currently faces no
sex-abuse lawsuits and that no known child-abuse offenders are serving in parish
ministry in the 12-county archdiocese.

In an open letter to Twin Cities Catholics published in the archdiocesan
newspaper, Flynn acknowledged the national outcry resulting from the recent
conviction of former Boston priest John Geoghan, accused of molesting 130 boys
in the largest such scandal within the Roman Catholic Church in the United
States.

"Any time such an issue arises, it is rightly greeted with concern," Flynn said
in a rare Catholic Spirit front-page letter, titled "How We Treat Sex Abuse
Cases." The archdiocese issued a statement saying that no interviews on the
topic would be granted beyond the information provided in the Catholic Spirit.

Calling sexual abuse "both criminal and unspeakably horrible," Flynn said
offenders are "battling a serious condition." Abuse, he said, affects victims,
offenders, relatives on both sides and the faith of the entire "church
community."

"Rebuilding that faith after the trust of the people has been violated is one of
the greatest crosses to bear," he wrote.

Flynn referred parishioners to the archdiocese sexual misconduct policy, "A Time
to Heal," which was released in 1998.

At that time, 15 priests in the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis had been
"credibly accused" of molesting minors in the past 50 years, according to the
Rev. Kevin McDonough, a primary author of the misconduct policy.

The 17-page policy describes psychological screening for prospective priests,
background checks for parish staff and volunteers, support and services for
victims, and how allegations are handled.

"We recognize," the policy says, "that bringing a misconduct complaint to the
archdiocese can be a frightening process." It encourages those wishing to bring
complaints to contact Phyllis Willerscheidt, a victim's advocate, at (651)
291-4497.

The policy promises to provide an adviser/advocate and other counseling
services, if a person so chooses.

In a statement released Friday, the archdiocese said it would not comment on any
past cases of sexual misconduct. But for the past several years, according to
the statement, the archdiocese has not required that abuse victims in legal
settlements agree to keep silent.

"Recognizing that such confidentiality requirements can cause victims additional
pain," the statement said, past victims were encouraged to share their stories.

In Boston, Geoghan last month received nine to 10 years in prison for groping a
youngster in a swimming pool. The criminal case is the only one against Geoghan,
66, to go to trial so far. He is awaiting trial in two more cases involving two
boys. He also faces more than 80 lawsuits.

Boston's Catholic community was shaken when a Boston Globe investigation
revealed that leaders of the Archdiocese of Boston knew about child-molestation
allegations against Geoghan over the past three decades and did little more than
move him from parish to parish.

This story includes information from the Associated Press. Stephen Scott may be
reached at (651)228-5526 or sscott@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 2, 2002 Saturday

Local archdiocese issues guide for sex-abuse reports

BYLINE: STEPHEN SCOTT Religion Editor

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 567 words


Archbishop Harry Flynn this week outlined for Twin Cities-area Catholics how the
archdiocese would respond to allegations of sexual misconduct in its parishes.

The archdiocese, meanwhile, released a statement saying it currently faces no
sex abuse lawsuits and that no known child-abuse offenders are serving in parish
ministry in the 12-county archdiocese.

In an open letter to Twin Cities-area Catholics published in the archdiocesan
newspaper, Flynn acknowledged the national outcry resulting from the recent
conviction of former Boston priest John Geoghan, accused of molesting 130 boys
in the largest such scandal within the Roman Catholic Church in the United
States.

"Any time such an issue arises, it is rightly greeted with concern," Flynn said
in a rare front-page letter, titled "How We Treat Sex Abuse Cases," published in
the Catholic Spirit. The archdiocese issued a statement saying that no
interviews on the topic would be granted beyond the information provided in the
Catholic Spirit.

Calling sexual abuse "both criminal and unspeakably horrible," Flynn said
offenders are "battling a serious condition." Abuse, he said, affects victims,
offenders, relatives on both sides and the faith of the entire "church
community."

"Rebuilding that faith after the trust of the people has been violated is one of
the greatest crosses to bear," he wrote.

Flynn referred parishioners to the archdiocese sexual misconduct policy, "A Time
to Heal," which was released in 1998.

At that time, 15 priests in the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis had been
"credibly accused" of molesting minors in the past 50 years, according to the
Rev. Kevin McDonough, a primary author of the misconduct policy.

The 17-page policy describes psychological screening for prospective priests,
background checks for parish staff and volunteers, support and services for
victims, and how allegations are handled.

"We recognize," the policy says, "that bringing a misconduct complaint to the
archdiocese can be a frightening process." It encourages those wishing to bring
complaints to contact Phyllis Willerscheidt, a victim's advocate, at (651)
291-4497.

The policy promises to provide an adviser/advocate and other counseling
services, if a person so chooses.

In a statement released Friday, the archdiocese said it would not comment on any
past cases of sexual misconduct. But for the past several years, according to
the statement, the archdiocese has not required that abuse victims in legal
settlements agree to keep silent.

"Recognizing that such confidentiality requirements can cause victims additional
pain," the statement said, past victims were encouraged to share their stories.

In Boston, Geoghan last month received nine to 10 years in prison for groping a
youngster in a swimming pool. The criminal case is the only one against Geoghan,
66, to go to trial so far. He is awaiting trial in two more cases involving two
boys. He also faces more than 80 lawsuits.

Boston's Catholic community was shaken when a Boston Globe investigation
revealed that leaders of the Archdiocese of Boston knew about child-molestation
allegations against Geoghan over the past three decades and did little more than
move him from parish to parish.

This story includes information from the Associated Press. Stephen Scott may be
reached at (651)228-5526 or sscott@pioneer press.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Task force examining church has lawyers, ex-cop

LENGTH: 132  words


A priest appointed to create a task force to review policies dealing with sexual
abuse by priests in the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis says recent
allegations of clergy misconduct are "sickening."


The Rev. Reginald Whitt put together a task force of six lay people to review
how church officials have handled accusations of priest misconduct. The task
force was convened after one priest pleaded guilty to sexual misconduct last
year and another was accused of having child pornography.
Members of the group include Catholics and non-Catholics, as well as lawyers and
a former officer. The group plans to come up with a report and recommendations
for church officials to follow.
Critics say it won't make a difference because the problem is the behavior of
church officials, not policies.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Washington University student accused of faking research

BYLINE: By Blythe Bernhard bbernhard@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8129

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 524 words


A Washington University doctoral student lied in his psychology research to
create better results, federal officials said Monday.

Adam Savine, a former candidate for a doctorate, was put on voluntary probation
for three years for falsifying data in three studies published between 2010 and
2012 and six presentations at conferences from 2009 to 2012. The three research
papers with Savine listed as lead author will be corrected or retracted,
according to his settlement agreement with the Department of Health and Human
Services' Office of Research Integrity.

Savine received a master's degree in psychology from Washington University in
2008 and then started work on his doctorate before leaving the school in May
2012. University officials said Savine did not complete his doctoral studies.

Savine's mentor at Washington University, psychology professor Todd Braver,
first alerted school officials with suspicions of the student's work. The
university launched an investigation and notified the Office of Research
Integrity.

The university did not release its investigation on his research infractions.
Evan Kharasch, vice chancellor for research, said research misconduct at the
school is rare, and "the actions of this student were his own and most
regrettable."

Savine declined to comment, and the Post-Dispatch was unable to determine
whether he is currently affiliated with another university. Braver, who appears
as a co-author on most of the works, did not respond to email.

The research cited for misconduct was funded by grants from several federal
agencies. Savine received $206,000 in fellowships and scholarships from
Washington University and $169,400 in grants from various groups including the
National Institutes of Health, according to his resume.

Ivan Oransky, a doctor and journalist who tracks discredited research on the
blog Retraction Watch, said federal grant money is typically not required to be
paid back after scientific fraud is discovered. In a rare case from 2011, a
former professor from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who was found
guilty of falsifying data paid more than $60,000 in restitution that the school
had returned to the

National Institutes of Health.

Savine admitted to investigators that he exaggerated his findings during
experiments on human memory and motivation. Savine changed data to support his
theories and mislabeled pictures of the brain to indicate that giving people
incentives to complete a task lights up certain areas of the brain related to
improved behavior.

Savine "modified the data so that he could show a stronger relationship between
brain activity and behavior," according to investigators.

Savine grew up in a Chicago suburb and graduated from the University of
Michigan. While at Washington University, he served as a volunteer mentor in the
authentic science research program at Rockwood Summit High School in 2010 and
2011, according to his resume. He also mentored several psychology students at
Washington University.

The settlement agreement requires Savine's work to be supervised for three
years. Any grant applications must include a description of his supervision.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday

Former altar boy describes aftermath of alleged abuse by Eureka priest

BYLINE: Guy Kovner, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 860 words


Sept. 01--Shame and fear of ridicule kept him quiet about alleged sexual abuse
by a Catholic priest in Eureka nearly 30 years ago, a Humboldt County man said
Tuesday.

"For a man, there is so much shame involved in saying anything," the 38-year-old
man, who declined to give his full name, said in an interview.

"I tried to work past it," said the man, a father who works in law enforcement
and as a young boy wanted to become a priest himself. "I just figured it was too
late to do anything."

He is one of two Humboldt County men who filed lawsuits last month accusing the
Santa Rosa Diocese of fraud and negligence for hiring the Rev. Patrick Joseph
McCabe and failing to disclose his sexual misconduct to parishioners in Eureka.

The men, who both served as altar boys, were not identified in the lawsuits.
They both allege they were repeatedly fondled by McCabe, now 74, at St. Bernard
Church in Eureka in the early 1980s.

McCabe, who was removed from the priesthood in 1988, is in custody at Alameda
County Jail pending extradition to Ireland to face charges of molesting six boys
from 1973 to 1981.

He was transferred from Dublin, Ireland to the Santa Rosa Diocese in 1983,
months after being designated as a pedophile at a church treatment facility in
New Mexico, according to a lengthy report on misconduct by Irish priests
released last year.

The man, whose first name is Greg, said he was infuriated by news reports that
McCabe had been assigned to St. Bernard Parish by former Santa Rosa Bishop Mark
Hurley, who was told of McCabe's condition by Irish church officials, according
to the report.

"I found it incredibly unconscionable that (church officials) would shift a
person from place to place and give him a new set of children to abuse," the man
said in a telephone interview arranged by his attorney.

Santa Rosa Bishop Daniel Walsh said last month there is no evidence of
misconduct in McCabe's file or any indication Hurley, who died in 2001, was
aware of it.

The alleged victim also faulted the Santa Rosa Diocese for failing to fulfill
the transparency espoused by U.S. bishops in their policy on sexual misconduct
adopted in 2002.

"They are still playing cover-up games," the man said. "As far as I'm concerned
they are still protecting them."

He was referring to Walsh's refusal to identify nine of the 17 priests who
served in the diocese and were accused of child sexual abuse. The other eight
clergy were named by victims in various disclosures.

Dan Galvin, attorney for the diocese, said Tuesday there is no consideration
being given to releasing the priests' names.

"I will stand on the bishop's prior statement," Galvin said, noting Walsh's
previous comment that the nine priests are either dead or no longer serving in
the diocese.

Walsh did not return a telephone call on Tuesday.

Victims' advocates say the anonymity leaves an uninformed public vulnerable to
the pedophiles' continued crimes.

"Wouldn't you like to know if you were McCabe's neighbor?" said Joseph George, a
Sacramento attorney representing both alleged victims.

Naming all accused molesters "could enable victims to understand what happened
to them and to seek assistance and/or redress in the courts," said David
Clohessy, director of Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests.

George, who has filed more than 100 sex abuse lawsuits against the Catholic
Church, said it is likely that revealing abusers' names would prompt more legal
claims.

"The assumption would be that the perps have been cloaked in corporate (church)
secrecy," George said. The attorney said he is working with other alleged
victims of McCabe and intends to file more lawsuits.

The North Coast diocese, which serves 167,000 Catholics from Sonoma County to
the Oregon border, has paid about $25 million to settle legal claims by abuse
victims.

"Mr. George is entitled to his opinion," Galvin said. "That's all I'm going to
say."

Galvin said he still has not seen either of the lawsuits filed last month, and
cannot say whether the diocese would fight the claims in court or seek
settlements.

In previous cases brought by George, the diocese has succeeded "in working
matters out" with a settlement, Galvin said.

The alleged victim said he is not motivated by money.

"The church could put $100 million on the table right now," he said. "That $100
million doesn't buy back what was taken from me."

The man said he has discussed the alleged abuse only in counseling sessions. He
said he suffers nightmares and gets "cold chills" driving past the St. Bernard's
rectory, where the crimes allegedly occurred.

But had the McCabe case not been made public, the man said he probably would not
have come forward.

"I think I would have taken it to my grave," he said.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100901-UR-Former-altar-boy-describes-aftermath-of-alleged-abuse-by-Eureka-prie
st-0901-20100901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2010

                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 23, 2008 Sunday

Editorial: Let public know about findings of police misconduct

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion

LENGTH: 561 words


Santa Clara County Sheriff Laurie Smith is profusely apologetic. She has
accepted responsibility, on behalf of her department, for the tragic accident
that led to the deaths of two bicyclists and serious injury of a third earlier
this month.

The California Highway Patrol is investigating the traffic accident, in which a
deputy sheriff drove his patrol car across the yellow line to hit the bicyclists
on Stevens Canyon Road in Cupertino. The sheriff's department is conducting an
internal investigation, and the injured bicyclist plans to file a civil suit.
Facts should come out.

But the public will never know what disciplinary action Smith may decide to take
against deputy James Council. That's because state law protects cops from public
scrutiny. In incidents that escape public view, people have no way of even
knowing officers have been accused of misconduct, let alone the outcome.

The Legislature should make accountability to the community a higher priority.
It should start by overturning a state Supreme Court decision that compounded
the problem of secrecy by removing local communities' discretion.

The 2006 decision, Copley Press vs. Superior Court, declared all records of law
enforcement officers who had been disciplined for misconduct off-limits to the
public. The decision denied access even when police departments decided that
abuse, corruption or violations of law warranted serious disciplinary actions.

States with strong sunshine laws understand that openness is an essential part
of holding police officers accountable for misconduct. California has never been
among them. Even before Copley, all internal police investigations had been kept
confidential. However, appeals hearings and civilian review board proceedings
had been open.

SB 1019, sponsored by Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, would undo some of the
court's damage by re-establishing the laws and the policies of individual police
departments that Copley overturned.

For the county sheriff's office, that means internal investigations would remain
confidential. But peace officers who appeal disciplinary actions to the county
personnel board would have public hearings. If they choose the alternative of
binding arbitration, the arbitrator would determine whether the public would
have access.

SB 1019 was passed by the Senate last year but is facing heavy opposition by law
enforcement, including the California State Sheriff's Association, which Smith
leads as president. The bicyclists' deaths should cause her to rethink the
group's position.

Council is suspected of having fallen asleep at the wheel. But the facts aren't
known, and the initial handling of the investigation raised questions of
objectivity. The sheriff violated a protocol that requires prompt notification
of the district attorney's office when an officer's action may have caused
death. Council reportedly was advised not to talk to witnesses and was driven
from the scene to a sheriff's substation.

Accountability to the public demands impartial investigations, fair and thorough
disciplinary proceedings, and public disclosure of what officers have done and
how they were dealt with. Passing SB 1019 would be a small, first step toward
rebuilding confidence in a state where secrecy around police conduct is
pervasive. Local law enforcement officials, mindful of the need for public
trust, should support it.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            October 19, 2007 Friday

'Riders' informant reaches settlement

BYLINE: By Paul T. Rosynsky, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 524 words


Keith Batt, the former Oakland police officer who kicked off the "Riders" police
brutality scandal that plagued the department for more than three years, won a
$625,000 settlement with the city, attorneys said Tuesday.

Batt, now a Pleasanton police officer, sued the city, claiming his federal civil
rights were violated when he reported police misconduct to superiors in 2000.

Batt said he was forced to quit his job with the Oakland Police Department and
suffered emotional distress from threats he received from at least one of the
officers implicated in the misconduct case.

Batt's case against the city was set to go to trial in federal court early next
year, but rather than enduring another drawn-out jury trial, Batt and the city's
insurance company, Kemper Insurance, decided to settle.

"Kemper evaluated the risks going forward and made the decision that it made
economic sense to settle the claim now," said Gregory Fox, an attorney with San
Francisco-based Bertrand, Fox and Elliot, who was hired to represent the city.
"It was an opportunity for us to resolve the rest of these cases and allow the
department to move forward."

Batt's allegations were made against four officers who patrolled the streets of
West Oakland during overnight shifts. Batt said the officers made false police
reports, beat suspects and planted evidence on residents to trump up arrests.

Four officers were eventually arrested and charged for a host of crimes related
to Batt's complaints, but none were ever convicted of the crimes despite two
separate trials.

Matthew Hornung was found not guilty of all charges filed against him while the
two other members of the Riders, Clarence Mabanag and Jude Siapno, escaped
conviction after the jury could not reach a unanimous decision of guilt or
innocence.

A fourth officer, Frank Vazquez, fled the country after allegations were made
and has never been found.

After being found not guilty in the criminal case, Hornung also filed a federal
civil rights lawsuit against the city.

In June, he reached a $1.5 million settlement with the city's insurance company.

The scandal also resulted in a $10.5 million settlement paid by the city and its
insurance company to victims of the Riders and a federal consent decree.

In that decree, which will last until 2010, a federal judge has oversight over
the department and mandates certain changes in procedures.

Although the settlement with Batt ends all litigation resulting from the Riders
scandal, the city is still fighting administrative attempts by Mabanag and
Siapno to be reinstated with back pay.

Both officers are seeking arbitration claiming they were unfairly fired when the
accusations arose.

Nevertheless, Batt's attorney, San Francisco-based Bruce Towner, said his client
was pleased that the department has changed for the better and wanted to bring
an end to the saga.

"I think everyone involved in the case felt that it was time to put this chapter
to a close," Towner said. "He is satisfied with the settlement and happy that
Oakland has been instructed to address the issues that he raised."

Contact Paul Rosynsky at prosynsky@bayareanewsgroup.com or 510-208-6455.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          December 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Senator agitates to rescind AWB's US trading rights

BYLINE: Tony Walker WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 577 words


A powerful United States senator has called on authorities to consider banning
AWB (USA) Ltd from participating in America's commodities futures markets in
retaliation for the "egregious misconduct" of AWB.

Minnesota senator Norm Coleman has written to Reuben Jeffrey, chairman of the
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) asking him to decide whether to
"revoke or suspend" AWB (USA) Ltd's trading rights in the US.

Senator Coleman has also introduced legislation calling on the US Trade
Representative to investigate whether US wheat farmers have suffered economic
damage due to the actions of the AWB.

The Republican senator, who faces a tough re-election fight in 2008, has been at
the forefront of agitation among congressmen over findings by the United Nations
Volcker inquiry that AWB paid the Saddam Hussein regime $US224 million in bribes
under the oil-for-food program.

"The evidence suggests AWB employees in the US may have been involved in
criminal activity in their role in AWB's misconduct," Senator Coleman said.

"In the face of evidence of egregious misconduct, the CFTC should use its
authority to revoke or suspend AWB (USA)'s right to participate in our commodity
futures and options markets, if it is found to have violated US law."

Foreign Minister Alexander Downer, who is visiting Washington for a meeting of
Australian and US officials as part of the annual Australia-United States
Ministerial Consultations, said he would defend AWB's interests in the US.

"The US is our largest and most aggressive competitor in the international wheat
market and, not surprisingly, I'll be standing up for Australia," Mr Downer
said.

An AWB spokesman said the action proposed by Senator Coleman was misguided and
AWB would make the appropriate representation to protect its commercial
interests if necessary.

Mr Downer and Defence Minister Brendan Nelson met US Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice and Deputy Defence Secretary Gordon England overnight to
discuss security issues, principally Iraq.

Australia has rebuffed US requests for Australian troops to be embedded with
Iraqi frontline units to bolster their combat capabilities, but Mr Downer
yesterday indicated the government was open to the idea of Australians becoming
more involved in training and logistics.

This would not involve sending more people to Iraq, but Australia retained an
"open mind about the configuration of what we are doing there", Mr Downer said.

Australia has about 600 defence force personnel in Iraq, 470 of whom are located
at Tallil air base, north of Basra to maintain stability in Dhi Qar province as
part of Operation Overwatch.

The Iraq Study Group, a bipartisan panel reviewing options for Iraq, has
recommended that numbers of Americans involved in training the Iraqi military be
increased substantially from 4000 to 20,000.

Mr Nelson also indicated Australia would be willing to consider becoming more
involved in training, but, like Mr Downer, made it clear Australia would not
embed its soldiers in Iraqi units and would not be adding to its commitment.

Senator Coleman's legislation says that if US farmers have suffered economic
damage from AWB's corrupt practices, US wheat farmers should be eligible for
compensation "either through negotiated settlement or by imposing duties on
certain Australian goods".

The AWB may also be a target of a $US1 billion class action brought by US
farmers who would claim they have been disadvantaged by its corrupt trading
practices.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                               CHARLOTTE EDITION

State seeking Clement rehearing;
A motion asks that the appeals court rehear the case and affirm the former
Charlotte sheriff's conviction.

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BC1

LENGTH: 380 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


The Florida Attorney General's Office has asked an appellate court in Lakeland
to reconsider its decision that reversed former Charlotte County Sheriff Bill
Clement's official misconduct conviction.

An assistant attorney general in Tampa filed a motion Wednesday that asked the
full 2nd District Court of Appeal to rehear the case and to affirm Clement's
conviction.

In a unanimous decision signed Feb. 2, the appeals court decided that the felony
official misconduct charge did not apply to Clement because he was only a
political candidate when his crimes occurred.

State authorities said Clement, a Democrat and former private investigator who
won the 2000 sheriff's race, lied on campaign paperwork in order to hide a
$5,000 loan. State law prohibits candidates from accepting donations of more
than $500 from any individual.

Clement acknowledged making a "mistake" during his successful campaign against
Richard Worch. But his lawyers said he shouldn't face the felony charge for
things he did before taking office. And the appeals court agreed.

Clement's attorney, W. Cort Frohlich, said Thursday that state appeals courts
rarely grant requests for rehearings.

The arguments in the attorney general's recent motion "appear to be the same
arguments that I've seen before. I don't see anything new," he said.

State legislators adopted an amended official misconduct statute days after
Clement's arrest. The change specifically excludes candidates from the
definition of public servants.

Among other arguments, though, the Florida Attorney General's Office said that
the legislature's change showed that, up until then, public officials did
include candidates.

The appeals court could deny the rehearing request.

"They are granted from time to time, so we thought that it was worthwhile to
ask," said attorney general's office spokesman Bob Sparks.

Gov. Jeb Bush pulled Clement from office in October 2003 and the governor later
appointed a Lee County sheriff's captain to serve until the November election.
John Davenport, a veteran deputy, soundly won the race.

Clement, 55, was sentenced last year to seven months in jail, but the Arcadia
native had been free on bail pending the outcome of the appeal.

Frohlich said Clement and his wife, Jan, moved to North Carolina after the
conviction.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 The appeals court threw out Bill Clement's felony official misconduct
conviction.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.

                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Congressman's son charged in Macon County

BYLINE: Ron Ingram -, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 523 words


Nov. 20--DECATUR -- Jeffery M. Rush, 41, son of U.S. Rep. Bobby Rush, D-Chicago,
has been charged in Macon County Circuit Court for allegedly having illicit
relations with female inmates while he was an Illinois Department of Corrections
employee.

Rush was charged Friday with two counts of custodial sexual misconduct and four
counts of official misconduct, all involving the same 23-year-old woman. She was
sentenced to five years in prison by Associate Judge Timothy Steadman in May
2006 after pleading guilty to possessing methamphetamine-making materials.

An arrest warrant for Rush was issued Friday in circuit court with bond fixed at
$10,000.

However, Rush is being held in Kane County under $500,000 bond after a grand
jury indicted him there on 47 counts of custodial sexual misconduct and official
misconduct for allegedly having relations with three female inmates at the Fox
Valley Adult Transition Center, Aurora, where he was an assistant supervisor.

Macon County State's Attorney Jack Ahola said his office will contact Kane
County authorities to coordinate so there will be no interference with
prosecution there. However, he said an effort will be made to bring Rush to
Decatur for a preliminary hearing on the local charges.

The Macon County charges alleged that on May 21 and June 20 Rush committed
custodial sexual misconduct with the 23-year-old woman by having sexual
intercourse with her. The four counts of official misconduct allege that on
those same dates he drove the woman around Decatur and kissed her.

State law prohibits sexual conduct with any person incarcerated in a state
facility. The law applies even if the contact was consensual because inmates are
not deemed legally capable of giving consent.

Department of corrections spokesman Derek Schnapp said Rush began working for
the department May 1, 2003, and was terminated Sept. 10. He said Rush
immediately was placed on administrative leave June 22 when allegations of
misconduct surfaced and an internal investigation was conducted.

The results of that investigation resulted in Rush's termination and were
forwarded to authorities in Kane and Macon counties, he said.

Schnapp declined to discuss how Rush allegedly wound up in Macon County with the
23-year-old inmate. He said Fox Valley is a facility for low-risk female
offenders nearing their release from the department of corrections, and as such,
inmates are able to hold jobs, attend educational classes or counseling without
supervision.

"They have to return at specified times and check in but there are times when
they may be given passes to stay with family or friends overnight or for a
weekend," Schnapp said.

Ron Ingram can be reached at ringram@herald-review.com or 421-7973.

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2007, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20071120-HV-Congressman-s-son-charged-in-Macon-County-1120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2007 Herald & Review

                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 24, 2006 Friday

Trading punches costs Cairns

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 431 words


The NHL suspended Pittsburgh Penguins defenceman Eric Cairns for three games
yesterday after an incident during a game against Ottawa.

Cairns was assessed a game misconduct at the end of the second period during
last Tuesday's 5-2 loss to the Senators.

Cairns and Ottawa's Zdeno Chara exchanged punches after Cairns speared the
hulking defenceman. Cairns was also assessed a spearing major, a fighting major
and a misconduct.

Cairns will forfeit $9,015.30 (all figures U.S.) in salary. He is eligible to
return on March 31 against the New York Islanders.

SABRES STILL SIDELINED: Buffalo Sabres forwards Tim Connolly and Jochen Hecht
will each miss at least another two games because of knee injuries.

Head coach Lindy Ruff said yesterday that team doctors recommend both players
receive another four or five days of recuperation time.

The two players have combined for 29 goals and 86 points this season and could
return for Monday's game in New York against the Rangers.

HOLLWEG PUNISHED: New York Rangers forward Ryan Hollweg was suspended by the NHL
for three games yesterday

Hollweg was assessed a major penalty for checking from behind and given a game
misconduct for a hit on Philadelphia's R.J. Umberger on Wednesday.

BRUINS SIGN AXELSSON: The Boston Bruins signed P.J. Axelsson to a $5.55 million,
three-year contract extension on yesterday, locking up one of their top forwards
before he became an unrestricted free agent this summer.

Axelsson, 31, will earn $1.85 million in each of the next three seasons. One of
the league's top defensive forwards, Axelsson has 74 goals and 127 assists in
592 NHL games. He is currently sidelined by a sprained knee.

THE HOSTILE SWISS: Canadiens goalie Cristobal Huet, who was born in France, said
he got some good preparation for the Leafs-Canadiens rivalry in Switzerland, of
all places.

"The rivalry between Lugano and Ambri-Piotta in the Swiss league was huge," he
said. "There would be fights before and after. Those people were always crazy."

CAPS INK GOALIE: Washington signed goalie Darren Machesney to a three-year,
entry-level contract yesterday.

The native of Strathroy, Ont., is currently in his second season with the OHL's
Brampton Battalion. He posted a 28-17-1-2 record in the regular season.

CHECKETTS BUYS BLUES: Dave Checketts, who owns Major League Soccer's Real Salt
Lake team, has completed a deal to buy the St. Louis Blues, according to the
Salt Lake Tribune.

Checketts, whose investment group is paying $150 million for the NHL franchise,
will announce the purchase today at a noon press conference in St. Louis,
sources told the paper.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 26, 2002 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

MOTION TO DISMISS CHALLENGES STATE LAW IN SEX-SHOP CASE;
 GAY-SEX BAN CALLED DISCRIMINATORY

BYLINE: Matthew Hathaway Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST ; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 389 words


The lawyers for men accused of breaking Missouri's ban on gay sex have filed a
motion to dismiss the cases and argued that the state's sexual misconduct law is
discriminatory and unconstitutional.

In March, undercover police raided Award Video, now called Maximus Video, an
adult video store in northern Jefferson County. Police officers say they
responded to a tip claiming that people were having sex, sometimes for money, in
a small room where adult films were shown.

Six men were charged with sexual misconduct because they allegedly engaged in
sex acts with other men, a rarely prosecuted misdemeanor in Missouri.

Several of the men charged with sexual misconduct are represented by Richard
Sindel, who also represents the video store, and Denise Lieberman, the head of
the American Civil Liberties Union of Eastern Missouri.

In the motion to dismiss, which was filed Monday, Sindel and Lieberman argue
that Missouri's ban on gay sex acts violates the equal-protection clause of the
Fourteenth Amendment and the defendants' right to privacy. The lawyers also
argue that enforcement of the law is arbitrary and that Jefferson County
Prosecuting Attorney Bob Wilkins employed the ban solely to shut down Award
Video.

Missouri's sexual-misconduct law bans certain types of touching and other sexual
activity directed at someone who has not consented to it. It also makes it
illegal for members of the same sex to engage in any sex act, but critics say
the muddled wording of the law makes it unclear whether all gay sex is banned or
just gay sex without consent.

In 1999, the state Court of Appeals in Kansas City ruled that the Missouri law
did not apply to consenting adults. This means that prosecutors must prove that
the sexual contact occurred without the victim'

s consent.

Police and prosecutors concede that the sex acts that allegedly took place at
Award Video seemed consensual but say that made little difference. The Kansas
City ruling applies in western Missouri, not in the St. Louis area.

No trial date has been set for the men from Award Video. The case could be
thrown out before it goes that far, if the U.S. Supreme Court overturns a
similar Texas law. Earlier this month the court said that it would consider the
constitutionality of that state's sodomy law, which is similar to Missouri's
ban.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Matthew Hathaway:; E-mail: mhathaway@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
636-931-1020

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 25, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Perjury, misconduct charges possible

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Murder victim Ronald Goldman's father last week angrily reminded the world that
the O.J. Simpson case was "not the Fuhrman trial."

But now experts say retired police Detective Mark Fuhrman faces legal hazards of
his own on two fronts springing from tapes of him speaking in racist terms and
discussing police abuse of minorities: Perjury and past misconduct.

The perjury question is complicated. Under California law, the lie must be
"material." In the Simpson case, Fuhrman is accused of lying about a racial
slur, which may not be considered directly material.

The lie also must be "willful." Criminal lawyer Donald Wager believes Fuhrman
could say, "Look, when you asked me that question, I thought you meant in the
line of my work."

As for past misconduct, police are investigating one item on the tapes:
Fuhrman's talk about brutalizing four people after a cop shooting in the
Hollenbeck division.

Brutality allegations were leveled after an event exactly like that in
Hollenbeck in 1978, although no one was charged after an internal affairs probe.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Ken Lubas

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.

                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

Harnett sheriff hires lawyer to look into possible misconduct

BYLINE: Steve DeVane, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 648 words


May 06--LILLINGTON -- The Harnett County Sheriff's Office is hiring a lawyer to
help it evaluate "any and all claims of police misconduct," the sheriff said
today.

The Sheriff's Office has come under scrutiny as media attention has focused on
cases that call into question the actions of deputies, investigators and a
jailer.

Sheriff Wayne Coats said in a statement released this afternoon that his office
has received requests from the United States Attorney's Office related to
incidents covered in recent media reports. He said he couldn't say much because
the situations are under investigation.

"We take these allegations very seriously and are taking action," he said. "Our
priority is public safety for both Harnett County citizens and the officers who
serve to protect us every day."

The cases in question include:

The Nov. 15 officer-related shooting death of John Livingston II, who was killed
during a search. A grand jury decided not to pursue a criminal case against the
deputy. Federal authorities are investigating to determine whether any federal
laws were violated.

The Oct. 12, 2013, shooting death of 23-year-old Army veteran Christian Lamar
Griggs, which the family says was not fully investigated.

The case of Brandon Jolvon "Red" Bethea, a 24-year-old schizophrenic inmate at
the Harnett County jail, who died in 2011 after being shocked multiple times
with a stun gun.

Coats said in the statement that the lawyer would help his office immediately
review protocols and procedures, and consider additional procedures.

"All of this is in an effort to serve our citizens in an honorable way and
restore any public trust which may have been lost in the Harnett County
Sheriff's Office," he said. "As sheriff, I am committed to maintaining the
highest standards of accountability for our employees. The citizens of Harnett
County should expect nothing less."

Dollie Griggs, whose son Christian Griggs was shot and killed by his
father-in-law on Oct. 12, 2013, said Coat's decision is "too little, too late."

"I just think their policies and procedures should have been evaluated a long
time ago," she said. "Change is good, but the families need answers when the DA
and the Sheriff's Office did nothing to investigate when the complaints came
in."

Griggs spoke with a reporter this afternoon by phone while she was out of town
for her daughter's graduation from the University of North Carolina at
Wilmington. She said someone at the Sheriff's Office needs to be held
accountable, and questioned whether the leadership at the Sheriff's Office can
do what needs to be done.

"I don't see how they can make the changes when they are part of the problem,"
she said.

The chairman and vice chairman of the Harnett County Board of Commissioners have
said they support Coats, who became sheriff March 22 after Larry Rollins
resigned the day before.

Rollins has not said why he stepped down, but has denied that controversy
surrounding Livingston's death had anything to do with his decision.

Coats said in the statement that he is proud to serve as Harnett County sheriff.

"I believe in, and value, our deputies and staff who work in stressful roles
whether that is on the road as a deputy, in our 911 center answering emergency
calls, or in our detention center monitoring those incarcerated," he said. "They
show me daily how dedicated they are to doing their best to serve the citizens
of Harnett County."

Coats said his deputies responded to more than 45,000 calls last year.

"I hope you will give us the opportunity to work with federal investigators
before reaching a conclusion in anything you hear in the public or read online,"
he said.

Staff writer Steve DeVane can be reached at devanes@fayobserver.com or 486-3572.

___ (c)2016 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160506-FY-Harnett-sheriff-hires-lawyer-to-look-into-possible-
misconduct-0506-20160506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2016 The Fayetteville Observer

                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Prison conditions improve, report says;
Inspection found many problems, including sexual misconduct.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: ByJosh Sweigart

SECTION: ; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 634 words


State inspectors say conditions at Dayton's all-female prison have improved,
though a prison chaplain currently is suspended pending a sexual assault
investigation and concerns persist about inmate access to mental health
services.

A February inspection at the Dayton Correctional Institution found worrisome
levels of inappropriate staff-inmate relationships, increasing use of force,
lagging mental health services and more. But DCI "has made significant progress
forward," according to the report by the Correctional Institution Inspection
Committee based on an Oct. 5-7 followup inspection.

"CIIC hopes to see further progress in the future," the report concluded.

DCI has hired a dedicated investigator to handle allegations of employee
misconduct, the CIIC wrote. Sexual misconduct allegations have decreased, and
investigations are being completed more quickly.

But, the report said "sexual misconduct is always a concern at a female
institution and even during the inspection, there were reports of an additional
administrative staff person under investigation."

A prison chaplain has been on paid leave since Sept. 25. The Ohio Highway Patrol
is investigating an inmate's claim that the chaplain had sex with her sometime
between September 2014 and January 2015. The incident is being investigated as a
felony sexual assault.

This newspaper has reported that inappropriate relationships between staff and
inmates - ranging from sharing candy in violation of prison rules to engaging in
sexual contact - have been a problem since the prison became all-female in 2012.

The chaplain brings to seven the number of DCI employees who have been suspended
this year because of allegations of inappropriate relations with inmates.

Mental health

The CIIC report notes that problems with staffing and finding space during a
renovation of the facility led the prison to suspend mental health programming
for more than a month.

This has been a major concern for Audrey Dotson, whose daughter Kara Garvin is
serving a life sentence after being convicted of a triple homicide in Scioto
County in 2008.

Dotson said she complained to the prison and the department of corrections,
finally working her way up to Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction
Director Gary Mohr to report that her daughter wasn't being taken to her
appointments.

"If you are in prison for life without the possibility of parole, there's only
one way of leaving, isn't there? And that's death," Dotson said. "I shouldn't
have to take matters to (Mohr's) office, but that's what it took."

The report notes there have been two suicide attempts at DCI since the February
inspection.

Improvements

The prison has taken steps to ensure that force, when used, is done properly,
the CIIC said.

The report also mentions that the prison's 255 employees received specialized
training in dealing with a female population, which currently numbers 872
inmates.

The inspection also found re-entry services for inmates lacking, but improving.

The Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction issued a statement about
the CIIC report:

"As noted by the (CIIC), a number of positive things have occurred at the Dayton
Correctional Institution over the past several months," the statement said.

"The facility will continue to expand services and programs, and the warden is
committed to continuously evaluating operations to ensure policy compliance and
accountability for both staff and inmates."

DCI is one of 25 prisons in Ohio, including three female prisons. The state's
prison system housed 17,302 males and 2,818 females in fiscal year 2014.

State inspectors will be monitoring DCI's progress. Per the report: "CIIC plans
to return after another period of time to again re-inspect the facility."

Contact this reporter at 937-328-0374 or email Josh.

Sweigart@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                 August 1, 2016

MICHIGAN BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. 2 Vol. 32

LENGTH: 923  words


6 state workers charged in Flint water crisis

The Michigan attorney general's office on Friday charged six current or former
state employees with misconduct and other crimes stemming from the
lead-contaminated water crisis in Flint, AP reported.

A judge authorized the charges filed by the office of Attorney General Bill
Schuette against three employees from the Department of Environmental Quality -
Liane Shekter Smith, Adam Rosenthal and Patrick Cook - and three from the
Department of Health and Human Services - Nancy Peeler, Corinne Miller and
Robert Scott. Other charges against them include willful neglect of duty and
various conspiracy counts.

It's the second round of charges stemming from the crisis. In January, Schuette
announced the appointment of a special counsel to help his office investigate
whether laws were broken. In April, two state regulators and a city employee
were charged with official misconduct, evidence-tampering and other offenses. At
the time, Schuette guaranteed others would be charged.

Grand Rapids near top of hipster havens list

Is Grand Rapids the Midwest's hottest spot for hipsters? It is according to
Infogroup, a Nebraska-based analytic and marketing service provider, which
lately ranked the top 10 "most hipster" U.S. metro areas.

Grand Rapids ranked No. 5 as the only Midwestern entry on the list from
Infogroup, which compiled its list from metro areas with more than 1 million
people and their frequency of young people-identified businesses such as
breweries, bicycle shops, coffee shops, record stores, thrift shops, tattoo
parlors and live entertainment venues. "There's more to hipsters than just the
look. They are a group that frequents certain types of businesses, and whose
communities share particular characteristics," the provider said at its website,
Infogroup.com.

Seattle topped the national list, followed by Portland, Ore.; Denver; and
Sacramento, Calif. Rating sixth through 10th were, in order, San Diego;
Providence, R.I.; Pittsburgh; San Francisco; and Rochester, N.Y.

Tribe, state reach partial casino revenue settlement

The Match-E-Be-Nash-She-Wish Band of Pottawatomi Indians, known as the Gun Lake
Tribe, reached a settlement with the state about how to distribute more than $21
million in casino revenue it has withheld for a year in a dispute over online
lottery games. The tribe said last week it has reached a partial agreement with
the state and Michigan Economic Development Corp. that shares the proceeds from
electronic gaming at the tribe's namesake Gun Lake Casino in Allegan County.

The tribe said half of the escrowed $21.7 million will go to the MEDC in the
form of revenue sharing, 35 percent will stay with the tribe and 15 percent will
be diverted to a new business entity called GLIMI - a subsidiary of Gun Lake
Investments, the tribe's investment division, that will focus on non-casino
economic development. GLIMI will have state oversight as well, the tribe said.

MICH-CELLANEOUS

- Pfizer Inc. plans a $145 million expansion of its Portage manufacturing plant
within two years, part of what could be more than an $800 million investment
over the next 10 to 12 years, MLive.com reported. The New York-based drug
company is requesting a tax break from the city for the initial two projects: a
$40.8 million warehouse addition and a $105.5 million work center.

- The city of Kalamazoo is getting $70 million from philanthropists and others
to be used to create the Foundation for Excellence to help solve the city's
budget problems, cut property taxes and tackle other projects, AP reported. City
leaders secured donations from Kalamazoo philanthropists William Johnston and
William Parfet, among others, over a three-year period. Officials expect the
foundation would be fully funded by 2020, so revenue from investments would be
available long term. It would allow Kalamazoo to cut property taxes starting in
January and spend $10 million a year on "aspirational" projects.

- C3 Venture LLC, an injection molding company, is slated to bring 380 jobs to
Flint under a deal approved by the state last week, MLive.com reported. C3
Venture will be moving facilities from China and Turkey with the help of a $5.7
million state loan.

- Switch Ltd .'s site in southern Kent County has been designated a Renaissance
Zone after receiving approval last week from directors of the Michigan Strategic
Fund, MLive.com reported. The Las Vegas-based firm will be exempt from paying
most state and local taxes for its proposed cloud-based data center at the
former Steelcase Inc. pyramid facility in Gaines Township for the next 15 years.

- Stikwood, a Sacramento, Calif.-based wood products manufacturer, plans to
invest $4.2 million to open a production facility in Kentwood, MiBiz reported.
To support the project, the Michigan Strategic Fund approved a $400,000
performance-based grant. Stikwood makes "Peel & Stik" wood planking from
reclaimed and sustainable sources.

- Michigan State University raised $272 million during the 2015-16 fiscal year,
the most successful fundraising year in the university's history, school
officials said. The donations are part of MSU's Empower Extraordinary campaign
to conclude in 2018, AP reported.

- Executives at small businesses in Michigan have a positive outlook on the
state's economy and expect their profits to hold steady, according to the June
2016 Michigan Future Business Index. Only 19 percent of the business executives
had a pessimistic outlook on their profits, while more than one third said they
expect profits to increase.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2016 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved

                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Attn Coaches: What to know about SafeSport for 2015

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Colorado Springs


USA Cycling has issued the following press release:

In January 2014, USA Cycling launched the SafeSport program aimed to increase
awareness, prevent misconduct and to respond to misconduct within the sport.
Coaches were one of many member groups required to complete SafeSport training
as part of the program implementation in 2014.  I wanted to express my sincere
appreciation to all of you that dedicated the time to complete that objective.

If you were among those that completed the training in 2014, here is some great
news: the SafeSport training is good for two years, meaning you have no new
obligation this year and you will not have any further SafeSport requirements to
meet until 2016!

If you are new this year or you missed out on completing the training last year,
I wanted to take this opportunity to supply you with the necessary information
to complete the training:

o    There is no fee for this online training; the only expenditure is your time
(approximately 90 minutes).  Furthermore, you will receive 3 CEU credits towards
your license renewal after completing this free training.  This is the initial
training and, as previously mentioned, is good for 2 years; the renewal training
will be substantially shorter and promises to be a refresher course.
Information for the initial training can be located here.

Aside from the aforementioned prevention (training) component, SafeSport is also
here, perhaps most importantly, to address the following forms of misconduct:
physical, sexual and emotional abuse as well as bullying, harassment and hazing.
The program is reliant on our members, like you, to keep a watchful eye out for
misconduct and the efficacy of this program is dependent upon our members'
willingness to report misconduct.  We know reporting misconduct can be
intimidating and, in order to afford our members comfort in reporting, we
developed a very solid, safe and confidential reporting system.   Trust is a
major factor in a person's decision to make a report, so please feel free to
contact me for any reason, big or small, and I will help you figure out what
needs to be done and do my best to earn your trust.

Lastly, thank you all for the great work that you do and for dedicating another
year to growing the sport of cycling in a safe manner for all participants in
the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Sports in Brief: Grambling State fires coach Doug Williams

BYLINE: From Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 426 words


Grambling State fired head football coach Doug Williams on Wednesday after the
Tigers lost the first two games of the season.

The university announced that it bought out the remainder of the former NFL
quarterback's contract. Running backs coach George Ragsdale is taking over as
interim head coach.

Grambling had a 1-10 record in 2012 (0-9 in the Southwestern Athletic
Conference) under Williams, 58. Grambling lost its opener to Alabama State,
23-9, and was dominated by Louisiana-Monroe, 48-10, last weekend.

A former Grambling QB, Williams led the Washington Redskins to a win over the
John Elway-quarterbacked Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XXII in January 1988. He
became Grambling's head coach in 1998.

Williams' son, D.J., is a quarterback on the team.

Sports Illustrated reported that more than a dozen Oklahoma State football
players admitted to academic misconduct over the last decade.

The magazine said the players described receiving exam answers in advance,
passing classes for little or no work, and using tutors who completed work for
them.

The article was the second of five planned by Sports Illustrated looking at
alleged misconduct in the Oklahoma State football program dating to 2001 under
coaches Les Miles and Mike Gundy.

Oklahoma State said it has notified the NCAA about the allegations and launched
its own investigation.

A post on the University of Alabama athletics Facebook page drew ire from fans
for asking them to change their profile pictures to an image of late coach Bear
Bryant's houndstooth hat.

The request was to celebrate what would have been Bryant's 100th birthday on
Wednesday. Most of the hundreds of comments criticized the timing because it
also marked the 12th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.

NBA The Miami Heat have re-signed Michael Beasley, who spent the first two years
of his up-and-down career with the team and became a free agent when the Phoenix
Suns bought him out earlier this month.

WNBA Elena Delle Donne made a 10-foot jump shot as time expired to give the
Chicago Sky a 70-68 victory over the visiting Phoenix Mercury.

Delle Donne's shot capped a Sky rally from a nine-point, fourth-quarter deficit
for their second consecutive victory.

LOCAL The College of New Jersey (2-0) women's tennis team earned its 150th
straight win, defeating Richard Stockton, 8-1.

The Temple men's soccer team defeated Rider, 1-0, for its best start since 1986.
The 4-0 Owls got the game's only goal by sophomore Jared Martinelli while goalie
Dan Scheck continued to hold opponents scoreless in 2013.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday
                         The New York Times on the Web

New Orleans Police Case

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Foreign Desk; LETTER; Pg.

LENGTH: 150 words


To the Editor:

''New Orleans Police, Mired in Scandal, Accept Plan for Overhaul'' (front page,
July 24) correctly acknowledges the historic nature of the recent consent decree
with the Justice Department. That agreement reflects the department's
groundbreaking work in New Orleans and other jurisdictions in which it has
investigated gender bias in police practices as a form of police misconduct.

At the same time that many cases of police misconduct involve over-enforcement,
others, like practices that perpetuate historic gender bias and stereotypes and
that result in failures to respond to sexual assault and domestic violence,
involve under-enforcement. These investigations correctly treat both types of
practices as civil rights violations that violate federal law.

JULIE GOLDSCHEID Long Island City, Queens, July 27, 2012

The writer is a professor at the City University of New York School of Law.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company

                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 21, 2009 Saturday

Man gets two years in prison for sexual misconduct with a child over Net

BYLINE: Jeff Lehr, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


Nov. 21--A Jasper County judge assessed an Illinois man two years in prison
Friday for sexual misconduct with a child over the Internet.

Circuit Judge David Mouton gave Kelly J. Williams, 25, of Stonington, Ill., the
maximum time permitted under a plea agreement with the Jasper County
prosecutor's office. Williams accepted the plea offer and changed his plea to
guilty in September. Sexual misconduct with a child under the age of 15 carries
up to five years in prison in Missouri.

Williams recently received two four-year sentences in Newton County Circuit
Court on convictions for another count of sexual misconduct with a child and a
count of enticement of a child. The three sentences will run concurrent by
orders of the judges in the two cases.

The convictions stem from online sting operations conducted in 2008 by Detective
Ed Bailey of the Jasper County Sheriff's Department and by former Diamond police
Chief Jim Murray, who investigates child-predator activities on the Internet as
a liaison officer with the Diamond Police Department.

Bailey had online contact with Williams in March and April of 2008 posing as a
13-year-old girl. A probable-cause affidavit states that Williams sent Bailey
two adult pornography photographs and tried to persuade Bailey's online persona
to have sex with her 8-year-old brother.

Murray reported similar online behavior of the defendant to the Newton County
court

To see more of The Joplin Globe or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.joplinglobe.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Joplin Globe, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091121-JL-Man-gets-two-years-in-prison-for-sexual-misconduct
-with-a-child-over-Net-1121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                                 Copyright 2009

                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                   November 13, 2001 Tuesday Final C Edition

'A little lucky' on hat trick

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: Sports; Pg. A58

LENGTH: 396 words

DATELINE: SUNRISE, Fla.

SUNRISE, Fla. -- J.P. Dumont says he was "a little lucky" to be in the right
place at the right time three times Monday night.

Dumont scored three goals, the last into an empty net, to seal the Buffalo
Sabres' 5-3 victory over the Florida Panthers in the only scheduled NHL game.

"Every goal scorer has to be a little lucky," said Dumont, who also had a hat
trick on March 18, 2000, against the Philadelphia Flyers. "My role here is to be
around the net and around the puck.

"It really comes down to being in the right place at the right time."

Curtis Brown scored with 1:17 left to break a 3-3 tie. Brown, unchecked in front
of goalie Roberto Luongo, flipped a wrist shot in for the go-ahead goal. Dumont
finished off his hat trick with 16 seconds remaining, finding the empty net from
centre ice for his seventh goal.

SUMMARY

Sabres 5 Panthers 3

First Period

1. Florida, Hedican 1 (P.Bure, Hagman) 0:41

2. Buffalo, Dumont 5 (Zhitnik, Connolly) 2:26 (pp)

3. Buffalo, Dumont 6 (Barnes, Satan) 15:36

4. Buffalo, Satan 8 (Zhitnik, Connolly) 18:42 (pp)

Penalties -- Worrell Fla (tripping) 1:48, Ference Fla (roughing) 18:03.

Second Period

No Scoring.

Penalties -- Rasmussen Buf (hooking) 1:20, McKee Buf (roughing), Wiemer Fla
(cross-checking) 2:22, Lindsay Fla (high-sticking) 3:52, Ference Fla (slashing)
4:23, Svehla Fla (roughing) 11:21, Kozlov Buf (tripping) 11:31, Biron Buf
(unsportsmanlike conduct; served by Gratton), Lindsay Fla (unsportsmanlike
conduct), Worrell Fla (interference) 16:32.

Third Period

5. Florida, Huselius 10 (Kozlov) 8:48

6. Florida, P.Bure 7 (Kozlov, Norton) 10:54

7. Buffalo, Brown 4 (Kotalik, Zhitnik) 18:43

8. Buffalo, Dumont 7, 19:44 (en)

Penalties -- McKee Buf (fighting), Wiemer Fla (instigator, fighting, misconduct)
3:26, Zhitnik Buf (high-sticking) 4:30, Gratton Buf (cross-checking), P.Bure Fla
(slashing) 7:58, Ray Buf (slashing), Worrell Fla (hooking) 11:05, Worrell Fla
(roughing, instigator, misconduct, game misconduct) 19:52, Ray Buf (instigator,
fighting, misconduct), Gratton Buf, Ward Fla (fighting, misconduct, game
misconduct), Laus Fla (fighting) 20:00.

Shots on goal

Buffalo 12 11 8--31

Florida 4 6 9--19

Goal -- Buf: Biron (W,8-7-1); Fla: Luongo (L,4-7-1).

Power plays -- Buffalo: 2-8; Florida: 0-3.

Referees -- Brad Watson, Scott Zelkin.

Attendance -- 13,392.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: The Associated Press; Buffalo's J.P. Dumont (right)
congratulates Miroslav Satan on a goal Monday night against the Florida
Panthers. Dumont himself wound up scoring three.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 28, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Lindros Cleared

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D03; NHL NOTES

LENGTH: 161 words


Flyers C Eric Lindros will be on the ice tonight against the Sharks.

Yesterday morning, NHL disciplinarian Colin Campbell phoned Flyers Coach Roger
Neilson in Chicago to say he was rescinding the game-misconduct penalty charged
to Lindros in the Flyers' 3-2 victory Saturday night against the Blackhawks.

Late in the second period, Lindros and Chris Chelios raced into the Hawks' end
chasing a loose puck. Lindros, trying to avoid an icing call, swung his stick
over Chelios's stick to get to the puck first, which he did.

Chelios went hard into the back boards and crumbled to the ice, clutching his
right wrist. Referee Dave Jackson did not initially signal a penalty. But after
he conferred with his linesmen, he assessed Lindros a five-minute major and game
misconduct for slashing.

This would have been Lindros's second stick-related game misconduct, so he would
have had to sit out one game under Rule 28, Section G on Game Misconducts.


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Symbol

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 20, 1999, Saturday, Home Edition

BRIEFLY: School accuses Haskins of lying

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 13H

LENGTH: 661 words

Former Minnesota coach Clem Haskins lied to investigators about ''widespread
academic misconduct'' in his basketball program and told his players to lie, a
report concluded Friday.

Two of the university's top athletics officials --- McKinley Boston, vice
president of student development and athletics, and men's athletics director
Mark Dienhart --- resigned hours before the release of the report, which sharply
criticized the athletics department, academic counseling supervisors and faculty
for failing to detect the improper assistance to players.

The scandal began in March when former tutor Jan Gangelhoff said she had done
more than 400 papers for as many as 20 basketball players between 1993 and 1998.
The investigative report substantiated most of Gangelhoff's claims.

Haskins issued a statement through his attorney denying he had knowledge of the
academic fraud.

''I did not know that Jan Gangelhoff was writing papers for players. I have not
told anyone to lie or interfere with investigators,'' Haskins said.

MORE COLLEGES: 'Cats wrap up Mumme
The University of Kentucky athletic association board of directors voted to
extend football coach Hal Mumme's $ 800,000-a-year contract through the end of
2005, replacing a deal that would have expired at the end of 2003. . . . Police
said they do not expect to file charges against former Memphis basketball coach
Tic Price in connection with an allegation he assaulted a woman, The Commercial
Appeal reported. Germantown, Tenn., police said the investigation was hindered
by the student's refusal to talk with police. . . .  Georgia's top-ranked women
(3-0) and the seventh-ranked men (4-0) captured dual victories over South
Carolina in swimming in Athens. The women won 128- 89 and the men rolled 132-95.
. . . In another meet, Emory's men and women both beat Union, Ky. Emory's women
won 136-125 while the men prevailed 141-32.

VOLLEYBALL: Emory eliminated
Emory was eliminated in the South regional semifinals of the NCAA Division III
tournament, losing in five games to Savannah Art & Design. Megan Williams had a
match-high 21 kills for the Eagles, who finish the season with a 30-8 record. .
. . Wake Forest downed Georgia Tech 15-5, 15-4, 16-14 in the quarterfinals of
the ACC tournament in Orlando. . . . Jessica Houpt had 16 kills, but the Georgia
State women lost 15-7, 7-15, 15-1, 16-15, 15-9 in volleyball to Central Florida.


GOLF: U.S. team one back
The U.S. team of Tiger Woods and Mark O'Meara pulled within one stroke of the
lead at the World Cup in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. O'Meara shot a 6-under- par 65
and Woods had a 68 to put the Americans at 273 after two days. Spain leads at
272.

Miguel Angel Martin and Santiago Luna each shot 66 for Spain. Martin joined
Woods and Philip Price of Wales in the individual scoring lead at 135. . . . Tom
Lehman shot an even-par 72 for a share of the second-round lead in the Callaway
Pebble Beach (Calif.) Invitational Pro-Am. Loren Roberts had a 71 to match
Lehman at 4-under 140.

SOCCER: Kreis named MLS MVP
Dallas Burn forward Jason Kreis became the first American-born player to win
Major League Soccer's Most Valuable Player award.

BASEBALL: Tigers sign Mlicki
Pitcher Dave Mlicki, eligible for salary arbitration, agreed to a $ 15.5
million, three-year contract with the Detroit Tigers. . . .

Chicago Cubs right-hander Jon Lieber agreed to a $ 15 million, three-year
contract. . . . The Milwaukee Brewers signed right-hander Jason Bere to a one-
year deal, $ 800,000 deal.

TENNIS: Davenport advances
Lindsay Davenport and Nathalie Tauziat reached the semifinals in the season-
ending Chase Championships in New York. Davenport defeated Anke Huber 6-3, 6- 1
before Tauziat stopped Dominique Van Roost 6-3, 6-2.

PRO FOOTBALL: Lions pick Frerotte
Gus Frerotte will start at quarterback for the Detroit Lions when they visit the
Green Bay Packers on Sunday, coach Bobby Ross said.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution

                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 29, 2015

Judge to answer panels report;
Commission will hear Judge Val Saucedos oral arguments to misconduct ruling at
October hearing

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 390  words


san francisco -- A Lindsay judge will have to wait more than three months to
defend himself after a panel of judges ruled'he violated judicial ethics and
acted inappropriately.

Tulare County Superior Court Judge Valeriano Saucedo of Lindsay will appear
before the Commission on Judicial Performance at 1:30 p.m. on Wednesday, Oct. 7
in SanFrancisco. The public hearing will be held at United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, 95 Seventh Street in San Francisco. At the Oct. 7
hearing, the Commission -- composed of three judges, two lawyers, and six public
members -- will be chaired by Judge Erica R. Yew of the Superior Court of
California, County of Santa Clara. Attorney Gary W. Schons of San Diego has been
designated as examiner for the commission. Judge Saucedo is represented by
Attorney Randall A. Miller of Los Angeles.

The hearing will be Saucedo's first opportunity to present oral arguments on the
Report of the Special Masters panel that ruled Saucedo violated judicial ethics
and committed willful misconduct.

On July 8, a Special Masters panel of three judges appointed by the California
Supreme Court submitted its "Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law" regarding
allegations against Tulare County Superior Court Judge Valeriano Saucedo of
Lindsay. In the 110-page opinion, the three-judge panel ruled Saucedo committed
three instances of willful misconduct surrounding his attempt to have a closer
relationship with his former Courtroom Clerk Priscilla Tovar. The instances of
willful misconduct included: 1.) giving Tovar an extortion accusation letter in
the courtroom during a judicial proceeding; 2.) attempting to improperly
interfere with a bailiffs duties; and 3.) falsely reporting Tovar's overtime
work.

The panel of judges also ruled that Judge Saucedo violated canons requiring
judges to adhere to "high standards of conduct," preserve the "integrity" of the
judiciary, and "act at all times in a manner that promotes public confidence in
the integrity ... of the judiciary." He also violated judicial canons by
offering legal advice, making a false representation about Tovar's claimed
overtime work, and improperly interfering with an administrative matter to
further his own personal agenda.

Saucedo is facing at least public or private admonishment or censure and
possibly removal from the bench.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2015 The Foothills Sun-Gazette

                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

U.S. Department of Education to probe expulsion of Michigan football player

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 271 words


Feb. 25--ANN ARBOR -- The United States Department of Education's Office of
Civil Rights will investigate the University of Michigan in the wake of the
expulsion of a former Michigan football kicker Brendan Gibbons for violating the
school's student sexual misconduct policy.

Douglas Smith, a former University of Michigan professor, originally filed the
complaint in August and received a response, dated Feb. 24, which he forwarded
today to The Blade.

"OCR has determined it is appropriate to proceed to investigation on the
following issue: that the University failed to promptly and equitably respond to
complaints, reports and/or incidents of sexual violence of which it had notice,
and, as a result, students were subjected to a sexually hostile environment.

"Please note, however, that OCR is investigating the same issue in a separate
complaint filed against the University (OCR Docket No. 15-14-2111) and your
complaint will be consolidated with that complaint under that docket number."

Michigan confirmed the investigation today.

"We're very proud of our student sexual misconduct policy, our prevention
efforts and our programs to support survivors of sexual misconduct," Rick
Fitzgerald, Michigan associate director for Public Affairs, wrote in an email to
The Blade. "We will fully cooperate with the Department of Education and we
believe that a review of our policy, programs and investigations will conclude
that the University of Michigan is doing what it should in this important area.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140225-TO-U-S-Department-of-Education-to-probe-expulsion-of-Michigan-football-
player-0225-20140225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade

                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 21, 1994, Monday, City Edition

Lightning was fighting mad

BYLINE: CAMMY CLARK

SECTION: SPORTS; LIGHTNING NOTEBOOK; NHL; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO



The Tampa Bay Lightning has displayed discipline all season. It's the
second-least penalized team in the NHL.

Sunday the team went crazy in the penalty department with 17 for 72  minutes.
Included were 10-minute misconducts to Denis Savard, Gerard Gallant  and Roman
Hamrlik and a game-misconduct to Marc Bergevin.

"We discussed discipline before the game," Lightning coach Terry Crisp  said.
"It's got to come back. We can't take misconducts. We can't take  selfish
penalties and you can't take penalties that hurt your team. You can  take
penalties that protect your teammates. We have to really stress  discipline now.
We have to stay focused and stay away from cheap penalties,  dumb penalties and
retaliatory penalties."

One penalty Crisp has no complaints with was Bergevin's game misconduct. He
instigated a fight with Washington defenseman Al Iafrate, who had just punched
Chris Gratton in the face.

"That was good to see," Crisp said. "At least he stood up for his  teammate and
showed some emotion."

Crisp was also pleased to see Gallant fired up, getting two roughing  minors,
one fighting major and a 10-minute misconduct.

"At least he was p----- off," Crisp said. "Gallant showed some emotion.  Gratton
and Hamrlik did. If four or five other guys showed the same emotion,  it might
have been a different story."

Gallant, who had just 47 penalty minutes in his first 48 games, had 19  against
Washington. "I was just trying to get something going," he said. "I  guess I
won't win the Lady Byng Trophy (for gentlemanly conduct)."

Freewheelers stand pat

   The Lightning did not make a trade on Sunday, but may before the deadline
today, said Tony Esposito, the Lightning's director of hockey operations.

After last week's moves, the Lightning pared its roster to 20, leaving the  team
with no extras. After the trading deadline, teams are allowed to recall  four
players from their farm teams. Those players would not have to clear  waivers if
they are sent back.

Esposito said the Lightning will use the last 11 games of the season to  look at
how some of the players in Atlanta fare at the NHL level. The  Lightning likely
will call up defenseman Cory Cross, defenseman Eric Charron,  left wing Jason
Ruff and newly acquired right wing Jim Cummins.

Good riddance to Orlando

   The Lightning likely played its last regular-season game in Orlando. The
team isn't expected to renew the five-game series next season, although it  will
play one preseason game there. Tampa Bay scored just seven goals in its  five
games in Orlando. Only once did the Lightning score more than one goal in  a
game (a 4-0 win over Buffalo). In the five games at Orlando, the Lightning's
average attendance was 10,667 per game. In 32 games at the ThunderDome, the
average is 20,881.

Hey, Coach

   Have a question for Crisp? Call our "Hey, Coach" line at (813) 892-2373  or
(800) 333-7505, ext. 2373, and leave your question, name and hometown.  We'll
run the best questions and answers on the FANFARE page.

- CAMMY CLARK

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company

                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Former House speaker intends to plead guilty;
Dennis Hastert's lawyer tells judge about decision.Hush-money details may not go
public.;
DENNIS HASTERT CASE

BYLINE: By Michael Tarm

SECTION: ; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 452 words


Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert arrives at the federal courthouse in Chicago
for his June arraignment on charges that he broke federal banking laws and lied
about the money when questioned by the FBI.

CHICAGO - Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert intends to plead guilty in a
hush-money case linked to allegations of sexual misconduct, his attorney said
Thursday, a move that could ensure that any secrets from his days as a high
school wrestling coach are never revealed.

A written plea agreement should be completed by Monday, attorney John Gallo told
a federal judge during a brief status hearing. The judge set Oct. 28 as the date
for the 73-year-old Illinois Republican to change his plea.

Defendants typically agree to plead guilty in hopes of a more lenient sentence.
A plea deal would also avert a trial that could divulge more about the alleged
misconduct behind the criminal charges.

Neither Gallo nor prosecutors offered details about any possible deal, including
the counts to which Hastert would plead and whether the man who was once second
in the line of succession for the presidency would go to prison. Hastert did not
attend Thursday's hearing.

He faces one count of breaking banking laws and one count of lying to the FBI
about agreeing to pay $3.5 million to someone referred to in the indictment only
as "Individual A." The money was supposedly to hide claims of unspecified past
misconduct.

A plea deal would mean that Individual A, who has never been identified, would
not have to testify about receiving any of the money. People with knowledge of
the case, who spoke on condition of anonymity, have said the payments were meant
to conceal claims of sexual misconduct.

In all, Hastert withdrew $1.7 million from 2010 to 2014, according to the
indictment.

Prosecutors are probably seeking a prison sentence. It would be unusual for them
to entertain the possibility of probation on such serious charges. Each count is
punishable by up to five years behind bars.

When Hastert was charged in May, the indictment noted he had taught and coached
high school wrestling from 1965 to 1981 in close-knit Yorkville, a suburb west
of Chicago. That strongly suggests the charges are linked to that history.

Those acquainted with Hastert from his days in Yorkville have tended to express
sympathy for him.

Helene McNeive, whose husband taught at Yorkville High School with Hastert and
now lives in Arizona, said Thursday's news of the planned plea deal left her
feeling "very sad" for the whole Hastert family.

"From the beginning, this was not the Denny we knew," she said. "He was a great
father, a great husband and a great friend, and nobody in their wildest dreams
could ever think this could have happened."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

Clerk denies she was an accessory

BYLINE: Jeff Tucker, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


Oct. 17--Looking up court information for a friend isn't the same as acting as
an accessory, an attorney for a fired district court clerk said Wednesday.

"Robin Arwood is guilty," said defense attorney Cobea Becker in her opening
statement. "She's guilty of being a friend and she's absolutely guilty of
official misconduct."

But that is it, she said.

Arwood, who worked as a clerk in the 10th Judicial District before her arrest in
December, faces the misconduct charge, along with an accessory count and a
misdemeanor drug possession charge.

Becker told the jury her client knew she wasn't following the proper protocols
when she provided information to Kelly Conroy.

Conroy then fed the information to Richard Crites, who had been arrested with
more than $12,000 worth of methamphetamine in his possession.

But Arwood never met Crites and never conspired to prevent or hinder his
prosecution, Becker said.

"The only one she intended to help was Kelly Conroy," Becker said.

But prosecutor Rita Hara noted that Pueblo police became suspicious of Arwood
after seeing her linger nearby while they pursued a search warrant for Crites'
home with another judge in the building.

Hara said the evidence will show that shortly after police left the building,
Arwood began sending text messages to Conroy about a potential warrant and that
Conroy informed Crites, who then instructed her to make sure a purple bag was
removed from the home.

Police searched the house, but found no purple bag, she said.

A second sting operation conducted by police ended with similar behavior and
Arwood was eventually arrested, where she was found with prescription
medication.

The trial is being handled by a special prosecutor and visiting judge because of
Arwood's connection to the courts.

Hara is a prosecutor in El Paso County and the presiding judge is retired Denver
District Judge Larry Naves.

jtucker@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131017-PB-Clerk-denies-she-was-an-accessory-1017-20131017

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 9, 2006 Saturday

Grizzlies captain suspended after fight, abuse of officials

LENGTH: 104 words


PRINCETON, N.J. -- Utah Grizzlies' captain Ed Campbell might want to avoid trips
to Stockton, Calif., for a while.

The ECHL announced on Thursday that it has suspended the Utah defenseman for one
game and fined him an undisclosed amount as a result of his actions at Stockton
a week ago. At 19:43 of the second period, Campbell was assessed a misconduct
and a game misconduct under Rule 40 -- abuse of officials.

Campbell will miss Utah's game next Wednesday vs. Idaho.

On Nov. 22, the league suspended Campbell for two games for a fighting major/two
game misconducts/match penalty he received in a Nov. 19 game at Stockton.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 19, 2007 Monday

Bush nominates submarine commander to head Naval Academy

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 299 words


ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) - A career submarine commander praised for his handling of
sexual misconduct incidents has been nominated to be the next Naval Academy
superintendent.

Rear Adm. Jeffrey L. Fowler would replace Vice Adm. Rodney P. Rempt, whose
four-year term ends this year. President Bush's nomination of Fowler must be
confirmed by the Senate.

Fowler, a 1978 academy graduate, would take over an institution that has
struggled with charges of sexual abuse and harassment since it first admitted
women in 1976.

In 2006, three people were accused of sexual misconduct, including the football
team's star quarterback, Lamar S. Owens. Alumni criticized Rempt for bringing
charges against Owens, who was accused of raping a female midshipman, and then
recommending that he be dismissed despite his acquittal on the rape charge.

The academy has taken several steps to curb abuse, including requiring
midshipmen to take classes meant to raise awareness about sexual harassment.

Fowler, a North Dakota native, is up to the task, said Master Chief Petty
Officer Evelyn Banks, who was a senior enlisted adviser to Fowler at the Navy's
recruiting command in Millington, Tenn.

When Banks arrived at the recruiting command in 2003, she said, sailors were
concerned about a number of sexual misconduct incidents, but Fowler "created an
environment where everybody felt respected." Fowler "put the sailor first" and
considered the consequences his decisions would have on people's lives, she
said.

During his career, Fowler has deployed to all four oceans, as well as the Middle
East, and commanded a squadron of fast-attack, nuclear-powered subs.

Since July, he has been stationed in Naples, Italy, as the deputy director of
the U.S. 6th Fleet in Europe and commander of allied submarine forces on the
Mediterranean.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved

                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     April 5, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

LEMIEUX GIVEN AN EARLY SHOWER

BYLINE: HERALD NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS AM; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 776 words


Pittsburgh star slapped with game misconduct after leaving penalty box

Goaltender Tom Barrasso made 26 saves and the Pittsburgh Penguins survived Mario
Lemieux's first-period ejection Monday night to beat the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-1
in a National Hockey League game.

Lemieux was given a game misconduct for only the third time in his 596-game NHL
career after he left the penalty box to charge referee Kerry Fraser.

Lemieux was disputing a high-sticking call against him at 18:59 of the period in
the game at Pittsburgh.

After going into the penalty box, Lemieux tossed his stick on the ice, earning a
misconduct. He then tore open the gate and tried to skate toward Fraser.

He was intercepted by another Penguin, Ron Francis, and was steered toward the
dressing room by other players.

It was Lemieux's first game misconduct since Jan. 26, 1992, when he was one of
three players thrown out by referee Ron Hoggarth.

His only other game misconduct was assessed by referee Paul Stewart -- in a game
Nov. 26, 1988 against Philadelphia.

Last night, Jaromir Jagr and Tomas Sandstrom scored for the Penguins as Barrasso
continued a hot streak in which he's gone 13-6-2. The Penguins are on an 8-2-1
roll.

Pat Elynuik scored for Tampa Bay, which failed on six power-play attempts,
including a total of one minute, 45 seconds with a two-man advantage.

The Penguins scored twice on eight first-period shots against J.C. Bergeron, who
left the game at 9:08 because of a torn ligament in his left ankle. Wendell
Young finished the game.

Once Lemieux was in the penalty box, he tossed his stick on the ice, earning a
10-minute misconduct. He then tore open the gate and tried to skate toward
Fraser.

Lemieux was intercepted by teammate Ron Francis and was steered toward the
locker room by other players. It was Lemieux's first game misconduct since Jan.
26, 1992, when he was one of three players thrown out by referee Ron Hoggarth.

His only other game misconduct was assessed by referee Paul Stewart in a Nov.
26, 1988, game against Philadelphia.

RANGERS 3 PANTHERS 2: At New York, Sergei Nemchinov and Steve Larmer scored
third-period goals and goalie Mike Richter outduelled ex-teammate John
Vanbiesbrouck in the triumph over Florida.

Richter made 29 saves and extended his league-leading and franchise-record
victory total to 40 games. The Rangers, with a team record-tying 50 wins and 107
points, now have six more points than the New Jersey Devils in the race for best
record in the NHL's overall standings.

Jeff Beukeboom scored the other New York goal. Keith Brown and Scott Mellanby
replied for the Panthers.

The Rangers withstood a 6-on-4 disadvantage when Florida pulled its goaltender
after Alexei Kovalev was penalized for using an illegal stick at 18:25 of the
third period.

But Richter stopped Gord Murphy's blast in the final 30 seconds and Florida's
Mike Foligno was called for tripping Esa Tikkanen with 19 seconds to play.

FLYERS 2 JETS 2: At Winnipeg, Kevin Dineen scored with 85 seconds left in the
third to lift Philadelphia to its tie.

Keith Tkachuk both Winnipeg goals.

Al Conroy also scored for Philadelphia, which moved to within two points of
Florida in their hunt for a playoff berth in the Eastern Conference.

The Jets, meanwhile, are on their way to their third worst season.

Eric Lindros was injured on a hit into the boards by Igor Ulanov during the
second period -- the Winnipeg player was assessed a major penalty -- and did not
return.

NORDIQUES 6 SABRES 4: At Quebec, Buffalo was steamrolled by three goals in the
first 61 seconds of the second.

Mike Ricci's two power-play goals highlighted the three-goal outburst.

The first came while Quebec enjoyed a two-man advantage.

"That first goal really seemed to get them excited," said Buffalo's Dale
Hawerchuk.

"Had we been able to stop them 5-on-3, we might have gotten the momentum instead
of them."

The Nordiques came into the second tied 1-1, then built a 5-1 lead before Donald
Audette and Ken Sutton scored for the Sabres late in the period.

Buffalo then closed within 5-4 when Philippe Boucher scored with just over six
minutes left in the third.

But less than two minutes later, Quebec's Bob Bassen sealed the outcome.

Ricci, with 29 goals, has surpassed last year's total by two, although the
production is less than his own expectations and that of the club.

"I learned to live with it. Now, the only thing that matters is winning our last
five games . . . and getting into the playoffs."

Ron Sutter and Joe Sakic had the other goals for the Nordiques.

The other Buffalo scorer was Jason Dawe.


LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 4, 1993, Saturday

Reinstated deputy staying home, getting paid Sheriff vs. Merit Board: William
McKinney, called back to work only this week, has not reported.

BYLINE: By Lucy Soto STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 1

LENGTH: 456 words


A sheriff's deputy fired last year and then reinstated by the Gwinnett Merit
Board has drawn a county paycheck for about five months but has not been at work
because of the sheriff's refusal to rehire him.

However, Sheriff Jim Carsten, who has been adamant that his deputies are not
subject to merit system rules, called the former deputy in question - William
McKinney - back to work this week. The job would not require the sheriff to
swear Mr. McKinney in as a deputy.

Mr. McKinney was to report to work Monday but had not been to the department by
Thursday.

"It's pretty good work if you can get it," Merit Board Chairman Steve Lazzara
said. "He's been getting paid to sit at home and watch 'Wheel of Fortune' with
taxpayer money."

The sheriff referred calls about the matter to Capt. Mike Baker.

Captain Baker was unsure of McKinney's exact pay when contacted this week. But a
certified sheriff's deputy typically makes $ 23,187 a year.

The captain said he tried several times last week to contact Mr. McKinney by
telephone. He said he hand-delivered a letter to the DeKalb address to which Mr.
McKinney's paychecks were mailed, asking him to return to work.

On Tuesday Mr. McKinney called, saying he was out of town and could not be back
for a week, according to Captain Baker, who said the department has the former
deputy listed as absent without leave. In most cases, three days of absence
without leave is considered a resignation.

But Captain Baker said that might not happen in this case. "I just don't know
until we physically look at why he didn't show up," he said.

Mr. McKinney was fired in August 1992 for conduct unbecoming a deputy. The
sheriff's department also said he allegedly had "consensual contact of a sexual
nature with inmates under his supervision." He also was accused of trying to
mislead investigators.

In July, Sheriff Carsten said he was going to ask the Police Officers Standards
and Training Council to investigate allegations of conduct unbecoming an officer
and making false statements. POST has put Mr. McKinney on probation for 12
months, Captain Baker said.

"We feel that if the POST council feels enough [concern] about the circumstance
that they are going to put him on probation, then we are certainly not going to
swear him in as a deputy," he said.

And the sheriff is still reserving the right to look at other legal options, the
captain said. The sheriff's contention that his deputies don't fall under the
merit system could hinge on a lawsuit filed by Gary Yates, clerk of the Gwinnett
Superior Court.

Mr. Yates filed suit against the county in July, saying he had the power to hire
and fire his appointed deputy clerks without interference from the Merit Board.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932530197

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution

                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 28, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE DIALLO SHOOTING: THE PROPOSALS;
10-Point Plan on Misconduct and Brutality

SECTION: Section 1; Page 46; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 519 words


Following are the proposals issued yesterday by a broad coalition of political
leaders and community organizers in response to the shooting of Amadou Diallo:


1. Mayor Giuliani must immediately implement the recommendations of the Mollen
Commission, especially the call to establish an independent investigative body
with full subpoena power that has jurisdiction over police corruption and
brutality in New York City. Twice, the City Council has passed legislation
creating a body to monitor corruption, but the Mayor has done everything in his
power to block its implementation -- first by veto and then, when the Council
overrode his veto, by tying the matter up in court. The Mayor must also
implement the recommendations (from both the majority and dissenting reports) of
his own Task Force, that he appointed in 1997 in the wake of the shocking Abner
Louima incident.

2. The Civilian Complaint Review Board must be immediately reconstituted,
strengthened and fully funded so that it can effectively investigate civilian
complaints of police misconduct.

3. The State Legislature must pass legislation creating a permanent special
prosecutor for police brutality and corruption in New York. In conjunction with
this, the State Attorney General must create a special unit on police misconduct
and should issue an annual report documenting instances of misconduct throughout
the state.

4. The Police Department must develop a comprehensive training program,
developed in consultation with outside experts, to school its officers in racial
and cultural sensitivity and must also implement a rigorous process of in-depth
psychological screening of its recruits and officers.

5. The New York Police Department should reflect the makeup of the citizen
population it serves -- N.Y.C. police officers should live in New York City. The
State Legislature must immediately pass a law mandating residency for city
officers.

6. The Police Commissioner must also take specific and immediate steps to
recruit more minorities and women to serve as police officers and develop a plan
to increase promotion opportunities for women and minority officers.

7. The salary and benefits for police officers must be improved. Law enforcement
officers are entrusted with an extraordinary responsibility and they should be
compensated accordingly.

8. The Police Department's "48-hour" rule, which delays the ability of N.Y.P.D.
investigators to question police officers charged with violations of N.Y.P.D.
rules and regulations, must be eliminated.

9. The weapons, ammunition and tactics used by the department must be assessed
and periodically reviewed, not only to measure effectiveness, but to protect the
safety of innocent New Yorkers. The use of hollow point bullets should be
discontinued immediately.

10. Congress must call on the Justice Department to honor its commitment to
monitor and issue annual reports documenting instances of police misconduct
throughout the country. This promise was made in the wake of the Rodney King
incident and has yet to be acted upon.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Members of a coalition that has been protesting the slaying of
Amadou Diallo met yesterday with an eye toward long-term goals.


                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 17, 2007 Monday

GOVERNMENT WATCH | Sept. 17-21

BYLINE: Compiled by the Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; News; San Jose - Valley; Communities; Politics

LENGTH: 351 words


| Sept. 17-21

Tuesday

18

CITY COUNCIL

3:3O p.m., City Hall council chambers, 200 E. Santa Clara St.

INDEPENDENT POLICE AUDITOR The council will consider the auditor's request for
additional authority to investigate in-custody deaths and critical incidents.

POLICE MISCONDUCT The council will consider a response to the Santa Clara County
civil grand jury's report asserting city police misconduct may be underreported.

Monte Sereno

Tuesday

18

CITY COUNCIL

7:30 p.m., council chambers, 18041 Saratoga-Los Gatos Road

YOUTH COMMISSION The council will consider expanding the youth commission to a
minimum of five members and a maximum of 12. The ordinance currently allows five
members.

San Jose

Thursday

20

SUNSHINE REFORM TASK FORCE

6 p.m., City Hall council chambers, 200 E. Santa Clara St.

POLICE RECORDS The task force will consider whether to recommend broader access
than required under state law.

San Jose

Thursday

20

HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION

6:3O p.m., City Hall room T1446, 200 E. Santa Clara St.

DOWNTOWN HOSPITAL The commission will discuss alternatives to a downtown
hospital.

POLICE TRAINING Commissioners will review the police department's rudeness
prevention training.

Santa Clara

Tuesday

18

PARKS AND RECREATION COMMISSION

7 p.m., 1500 Warburton Ave.

PROJECTS Commissioners will discuss updates on projects such as the War Memorial
Playground, the Ulistac Natural Area and Agnews Historic Cemetery.

Los Gatos

Today

17

TOWN COUNCIL

7 p.m., town council chambers, 110 E. Main St.

HIGHWAY 9 The council will adopt a resolution approving plans and specifications
for Highway 9 pedestrian safety improvements and will authorize staff to
advertise the project for bid.

WASTE COLLECTION Council members will discuss what the West Valley Solid Waste
Management Authority should charge hard-to-serve areas of town. The waste
authority board will consider the issue at its Nov. 1 meeting.

Santa Clara County

Wednesday

19

BOARD OF EDUCATION

5 p.m., Santa Clara County Office of Education, 1290 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose

CONTRACT The board will hold a public hearing on its contract proposal to the
Service Employees International Union Local 521.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 22, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

Federal Workers Must Tell Truth, Court Says; Separate Charges Can Be Brought for
Lying About Misconduct

Joan Biskupic, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 760 words


The Supreme Court ruled unanimously yesterday that federal workers who deny a
job-related misconduct charge can be separately charged and disciplined for
lying.

The justices rejected a claim that the practice violates a person's right to due
process of law and means that any time a worker must respond to an allegation
during an agency investigation, he or she risks a separate false-statement
charge if the whole truth is not told. Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist wrote
for the court that workers "cannot with impunity knowingly and willfully answer
with a falsehood."

Separately, the justices ruled by a 6 to 3 vote in a Virginia capital case that
a judge need not instruct a jury about mitigating evidence that might persuade
it to give a defendant life in prison rather than death. The justices, also
ruling 6 to 3, struck down a New York law that allows in-state residents to
deduct alimony payments but denies the deduction to nonresidents filing New York
returns.

The federal employees' case was brought by six workers who were disciplined for
misconduct and subject to extra sanctions for making false statements, including
the lead challenger in the case, Lester E. Erickson, a police officer at the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing. During an investigation into "mad laugher"
harassing telephone calls at the agency, Erickson said he did not know who was
making the calls. Eventually, it was discovered that Erickson had encouraged
someone to make a call. The bureau wanted to fire him for his part in the
incident and for lying about it, but the federal Merit Systems Protection Board
disallowed the double punishment and reduced his sanction of firing to a 15-day
suspension.

When the government appealed, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit
said an employee cannot be charged for making a false statement when it involves
the denial of another charge. The appeals court reasoned that under the
constitutional guarantee of due process, an accused person is entitled to a
meaningful opportunity to be heard and that "employees might be reluctant to
deny charges for fear that their denials would be construed as denials of
facts," subjecting them to additional charges.

But the high court said the opportunity to be heard does not include the
opportunity to lie and noted that a criminal defendant's right to testify does
not include the right to commit perjury. Lawyers who represent federal workers
said yesterday the ruling in Lachance v. Erickson will put new pressure on
public employees. They noted that unlike in criminal trials in which defendants
need not testify, federal employees have an obligation to answer questions and
agencies can draw negative inferences when people refuse to respond.

A related pending case tests whether a denial of wrongdoing during an agency
investigation may subject the person to prosecution under a statute making it a
felony to lie with respect to any matter within the jurisdiction of a federal
agency. A ruling in Brogan v. United States is likely before the justices recess
this summer.

In the Virginia case, Douglas M. Buchanan was convicted and sentenced to die for
the 1987 murders of his father, stepmother and two young stepbrothers. During
his sentencing hearing, testimony over two days detailed Buchanan's troubled
family background and mental and emotional problems. Buchanan wanted the judge,
who specifically instructed the jury on the aggravating circumstances of the
crime, to specifically instruct the jury about mitigating circumstances,
including his troubled background. The judge refused and an appeals court upheld
the death sentence.

In affirming the sentence in Buchanan v. Angelone, Rehnquist wrote for the
majority that although a defendant must be able to present relevant mitigating
evidence, the court has never required states to structure in a particular way
how juries consider the evidence.

He said it was enough for the judge to tell the jury to base its decision on
"all the evidence." Justices Stephen G. Breyer, John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader
Ginsburg dissented. In a statement by Breyer, they said ambiguous instructions
"risk that the death penalty will be imposed in spite of factors which may call
for a less severe penalty."

In the New York case, the court said the state lacked sufficient justification
for treating residents and nonresidents differently on the alimony tax
deduction, violating the Constitution's mandate that states give nonresidents
all the "privileges and immunities" given its own people.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 29, 1996, Monday, Final Edition

Litigation a Difficult Recourse for the Families of Flight 800

Saundra Torry , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F07; LAWYERS

LENGTH: 1221 words


A deluge of lawsuits is sure to follow the explosion of Trans World Airlines
Flight 800, but that doesn't mean any quick resolution for families of the 230
victims on the Paris-bound jumbo jet.

Legal actions involving an international flight, particularly one downed in
international waters, present far tougher issues than those involving the crash
of a domestic one, such as the ValuJet plane that plunged into the Florida
Everglades in May. A 1929 treaty and a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision create
barriers to the hefty damage awards many people envision after an airline
disaster.

Litigation can drag on for years. An appeal over the 1983 downing of Korean Air
Lines Flight 007, which strayed into Soviet airspace, was decided by the Supreme
Court in January, and the 1988 explosion of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie,
Scotland, spurred a grueling, three-month federal trial in New York in 1992.

"It's going to be a long, difficult battle for the plaintiffs," Mitch
Baumeister, an aviation lawyer with the New York firm of Baumeister & Samuels,
said last week.

Baumeister should know: He was one of six lawyers who battled successfully in
the 1992 Pan Am trial to prove the carrier was guilty of "willful misconduct" in
not discovering a terrorist bomb aboard the airplane. Plaintiffs argued that Pan
Am had flouted security regulations when it did not positively match luggage to
passengers. The bomb was hidden in a Toshiba radio in a bag that did not belong
to a passenger.

In the TWA crash, plaintiffs' lawyers will have to overcome the same hurdle
faced by Pan Am 103 families: the 1929 Warsaw Convention.

The treaty caps damage awards for injury or death aboard international flights
at $ 75,000 -- regardless of the cause. To receive higher awards, plaintiffs
must prove an airline is guilty of "willful misconduct" and that its misconduct
was a leading cause of the accident. That burden is difficult, airline lawyers
said.

Many of the world's large airlines, including several U.S. carriers, have
endorsed a new agreement to waive the $ 75,000 limit, but TWA has not yet signed
on. Even for signatories, the pact is not scheduled to take effect until
November.

Even if families leap the Warsaw hurdle, they face another stringent limit on
damages under the Death on the High Seas Act. It generally covers accidents that
occur more than one "marine league" -- about three miles -- offshore, lawyers
said. Flight 800 blew apart over the Atlantic Ocean July 17 about 10 miles off
Long Island, N.Y., after a routine takeoff from John F. Kennedy International
Airport.

In January, the Supreme Court ruled that plaintiffs in high-seas cases are
limited to economic damages, based on the financial value of a passenger to a
survivor. They are not entitled to damages for pain and suffering or loss of
companionship, which can greatly enhance the value of awards.

Economic damages are generally low for the deaths of children, teenagers and
senior citizens, lawyers said.

As investigators continued last week to piece together the cause of the crash,
plaintiffs' lawyers were debating other issues: Would TWA waive the $ 75,000
Warsaw cap, and could willful misconduct be proved if the airline invokes it?

Airlines may voluntarily waive the cap and some, including Japanese carriers,
have done so.

Frank H. Grenito Jr., a New York plaintiffs' lawyer who also participated in the
1992 Pan Am trial, said the plaintiffs' success in winning willful misconduct
verdicts -- in the Pan Am and KAL cases, for instance -- may give TWA pause
about using the cap and pushing plaintiffs into another trial on the issue.

Insurers for bankrupt Pan Am have paid out nearly $ 500 million to families of
Flight 103 victims, said Grenito, who contended that negative publicity over Pan
Am's protracted battle with the families deepened the airline's financial woes.

"TWA right now is in a sympathetic role," Grenito said.

"But once you get into fault-finding and allegations in court and an air carrier
relying upon damage limits . . . the publicity gets very adverse."

"Does that mean in TWA that the insurance [carrier] will run to offer
settlements?" Baumeister asked. "I doubt it."

Insurers know that with the exception of the Pan Am 103 and KAL cases,
plaintiffs haven't had much success in proving willful misconduct, he said.

Harold Clark, chairman and chief executive of U.S. Aviation Underwriters Inc.,
which administers claims for the lead insurer in the Pan Am 103 and TWA 800
crashes, said the plaintiffs' success in the Pan Am case was not a sure thing.

"The jury deliberated long and hard," Clark said. "It took four days."

When the verdict was upheld by a federal appeals court, he added, there "was a
strong dissenting opinion."

It's difficult to speculate about litigation until the cause of the TWA crash is
known. Last week, President Clinton ordered heightened security measures at the
nation's airports, as preliminary information from Flight 800's voice and data
recorders pointed toward sabotage.

If a catastrophic mechanical failure occurred, that raises the possibility of
pursuing other defendants, such as Seattle-based Boeing Co. In this case, only
TWA is affected by the $ 75,000 damage cap.

If, indeed, the plane was blown apart by a bomb, it raises many security
questions.

If a missile struck the plane, "then you're into a whole new area of law," said
Gerard Lear, an aviation lawyer with Speiser, Krause, Madole & Lear in
Arlington.

"TWA could have a very good defense position: 'We are flying along minding our
own business. We can't have guards stationed . . . off the coast of Long
Island.' "

Since the TWA crash, there have been none of the usual reports about lawyers
mining the tragedy for clients by mail, telephone or even in person. While the
New York State Bar Association quickly put out a strict warning to lawyers
against "even the appearance" of soliciting clients, attorneys may have been
dissuaded more by some practical lessons after from the ValuJet tragedy.

The Florida Bar asked the state supreme court to suspend two lawyers after they
were accused of soliciting clients. The court, while declining to take such
drastic action, barred the lawyers from representing ValuJet clients obtained
through solicitations.

Then, in an unusual action this month, bar officials in Florida, Louisiana and
Texas joined in a sting operation after receiving a tip that a Houston lawyer
was soliciting business from a Louisiana woman whose daughter died in the
ValuJet crash, said Steven Young, interim general counsel of the State Bar of
Texas.

When the lawyer went to the New Orleans airport to sign the woman as a client,
he was met instead by an undercover investigator for the bar, Young said. The
lawyer signed her up and sued in Florida.

Bar officials later notified the court that the suit was unauthorized and it was
withdrawn, a Florida Bar spokesman said.

Because the filing of disciplinary charges is confidential in Texas, Young
declined to say if the lawyer has been cited for violations.

But Young said he hoped the sting would work as a deterrent.

"We want these attorneys to wonder every time [they solicit a case] whether they
are meeting with a real client or a state bar investigator."


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Willful Misconduct?  In four major civil cases since 1989,
plaintiffs have sued to prove an airline's "willful misconduct" after a crash or
hijacking. The finding is needed to overcome a $75,000 damage cap on disasters
aboard international flights. Plaintiffs have won two cases.  April 1994 A
federal jury in New York found that Pan American World Airways had not engaged
in "willful misconduct" directly leading to a 1986 hijacking that left 21 people
dead and more than 100 injured. The plane was commandeered during a stop in
Karachi, Pakistan.  September 1992 The 2d U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
overturned a "willful misconduct" ruling against Trans World Airlines Inc. A New
York jury had found the carrier was willfully negligent in 1986 when it failed
to stop a terrorist from smuggling a bomb aboard Flight 480 that killed four and
injured several others. After the blast, the plane landed safely at the Athens
airport.  July 1992 A federal jury in New York found that Pan Am engaged in
"willful misconduct" in the 1988 crash over Lockerbie, Scotland, caused by a
bomb explosion; 270 were killed. The ruling was upheld on appeal.  August 1989 A
federal jury in Washington found Korean Air Lines guilty of "willful misconduct"
when Flight 007 was shot down by a Soviet fighter plane after straying deep into
Soviet airspace; 269 were killed. The finding was upheld on appeal.  SOURCE: The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post

                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Fort Sill soldier convicted of child sexual assault

BYLINE: By Phil O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 473 words


LAWTON - Another Fort Sill soldier has been convicted of sexual misconduct with
a child, the latest in a spate of such incidents involving personnel at the
state's largest military installation.Authorities accused Pfc. H. Cohen Baker of
committing a sex act on a girl between the ages of 12 and 16, sending and
soliciting lewd pictures and possessing child pornography. He also was charged
with wrongfully using two over-the-counter medications: Coricidin and
Dramamine.The incidents occurred in August and September, 2012. Baker, who
entered the service in September 2011, served with Headquarters Support Battery,
4th Battalion, 3rd Air Defense Artillery, 31st Air Defense Artillery Brigade.

A fort spokesman said Baker was not married and that he was not related to the
victim.A military judge, Lt. Col. Wade N. Faulkner, ordered that Baker be
reduced to the lowest rank and receive a bad conduct discharge following a
two-day trial last week. He did not receive jail time and was not required to
forfeit pay. The discipline still must be approved by the fort's commanding
general, who could lessen the punishment.Baker is at least the sixth soldier
from the Army post to be convicted at court-martial of sexual misconduct with a
child since July 2012. Two soldiers are awaiting trial. Two other soldiers have
been found not guilty of such charges since mid-April. None of the cases are
related. The number of Fort Sill soldiers tried in civilian courts on similar
charges could not immediately be determined. Soldiers convicted of sexual
misconduct can be required to register as sex offenders.Fort Sill officials
previously issued a statement saying they take all sexual assault cases very
seriously, and "any assault case involving a minor is particularly heinous."The
November statement attributed the uptick in such cases to "the exhaustive work
of Fort Sill investigators and prosecutors that are able to bring these cases
before a military court expeditiously."Oklahoma City attorney Brent Dishman, who
frequently represents military members accused of misconduct, said he thinks the
recent run of cases at Fort Sill is just random circumstance. Dishman, a former
Air Force defense attorney, said he saw a similar spike in child sexual
misconduct cases while serving at Dyess Air Force Base near Abilene, Texas.
Dyess has about 5,000 service members. Fort Sill has twice that many."I don't
think it's Fort Sill, or the city of Lawton or the command climate,'' Dishman
said. "If anything, It's a sign of good law enforcement."Fort Sill is about 85
miles southwest of Oklahoma City and primarily serves as the Army's field
artillery school and training center. It is one of a handful of Army posts
nationwide where basic combat training is conducted. The post is home to about
10,000 military personnel and 5,800 civilian workers.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 20, 2014 Tuesday

Fort Sill soldier convicted of child sexual assault

BYLINE: By Phil O'Connor, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 473 words


LAWTON - Another Fort Sill soldier has been convicted of sexual misconduct with
a child, the latest in a spate of such incidents involving personnel at the
state's largest military installation.Authorities accused Pfc. H. Cohen Baker of
committing a sex act on a girl between the ages of 12 and 16, sending and
soliciting lewd pictures and possessing child pornography. He also was charged
with wrongfully using two over-the-counter medications: Coricidin and
Dramamine.The incidents occurred in August and September, 2012. Baker, who
entered the service in September 2011, served with Headquarters Support Battery,
4th Battalion, 3rd Air Defense Artillery, 31st Air Defense Artillery Brigade.

A fort spokesman said Baker was not married and that he was not related to the
victim.A military judge, Lt. Col. Wade N. Faulkner, ordered that Baker be
reduced to the lowest rank and receive a bad conduct discharge following a
two-day trial last week. He did not receive jail time and was not required to
forfeit pay. The discipline still must be approved by the fort's commanding
general, who could lessen the punishment.Baker is at least the sixth soldier
from the Army post to be convicted at court-martial of sexual misconduct with a
child since July 2012. Two soldiers are awaiting trial. Two other soldiers have
been found not guilty of such charges since mid-April. None of the cases are
related. The number of Fort Sill soldiers tried in civilian courts on similar
charges could not immediately be determined. Soldiers convicted of sexual
misconduct can be required to register as sex offenders.Fort Sill officials
previously issued a statement saying they take all sexual assault cases very
seriously, and "any assault case involving a minor is particularly heinous."The
November statement attributed the uptick in such cases to "the exhaustive work
of Fort Sill investigators and prosecutors that are able to bring these cases
before a military court expeditiously."Oklahoma City attorney Brent Dishman, who
frequently represents military members accused of misconduct, said he thinks the
recent run of cases at Fort Sill is just random circumstance. Dishman, a former
Air Force defense attorney, said he saw a similar spike in child sexual
misconduct cases while serving at Dyess Air Force Base near Abilene, Texas.
Dyess has about 5,000 service members. Fort Sill has twice that many."I don't
think it's Fort Sill, or the city of Lawton or the command climate,'' Dishman
said. "If anything, It's a sign of good law enforcement."Fort Sill is about 85
miles southwest of Oklahoma City and primarily serves as the Army's field
artillery school and training center. It is one of a handful of Army posts
nationwide where basic combat training is conducted. The post is home to about
10,000 military personnel and 5,800 civilian workers.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PA. HOUSE PANEL OKS SEX ABUSE BILL AIMED AT SCHOOLS

BYLINE: Karen Langley, Post-Gazette Harrisburg Bureau

SECTION: STATE; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 520 words


HARRISBURG -- The state House of Representatives is preparing to take up
legislation aimed at ensuring schools know if prospective employees have been
investigated or disciplined for sexual misconduct.

A bill requiring schools to review the work histories of applicants who would
work with children cleared the House Education Committee unanimously on
Wednesday. The legislation also would prohibit schools from entering into
agreements that would keep confidential an investigation into suspected abuse or
sexual misconduct by an employee.

Another version of the legislation passed the Senate in June and the House
committee in October but has not reached a vote on the House floor. With
numerous amendments proposed to that bill, House leaders instead plan to run the
new version when the chamber reconvenes at the end of the month.

Terri Miller, president of the advocacy group S.E.S.A.M.E., or Stop Educator
Sexual Abuse Misconduct & Exploitation, spoke Wednesday at the Capitol in
support of the Senate bill, on which her group worked along with the office of
its sponsor, Sen. Anthony Williams, D-Philadelphia.

"One of the most evil practices that happens in our schools when a teacher
sexually offends a child is that the system insulates itself and totally
disregards the trauma and the victimization of a child," Ms. Miller said in an
interview. "They end up protecting a perpetrator and their system rather than
providing the much-needed services and emergency response that a victim
deserves."

State law requires criminal background checks of applicants for jobs in public
schools. People convicted of certain crimes are barred for a period of time from
being hired for jobs involving direct contact with children.

Under the proposal that passed the House committee Wednesday, job applicants
would have to authorize past employers to disclose the information. They also
would have to state in writing whether they had been the subject of an
investigation of abuse or sexual misconduct and whether they had been
disciplined or fired amid such allegations.

Schools would be required to ask past employers if the applicant had been the
subject of any abuse or sexual misconduct investigation and if they had been
disciplined or fired while such allegations were pending. The former employers
would be required to disclose the information and protected from criminal or
civil liability related to the disclosure.

Schools also would be barred from entering into a labor contract or other
agreement that would suppress information related to allegations of abuse or
sexual misconduct.

The Pennsylvania School Boards Association supports the bill.

"We think it's a commonsense approach to protecting children and provides the
proper legal protection that school districts need to pass on important
information about employees as they move from one system to another," said
spokesman Steve Robinson.

The Pennsylvania State Education Association, the state's largest teachers
union, had initially expressed concerns about how the Senate bill would affect
the rights of teachers but took a neutral position after changes were made.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Karen Langley: klangley@post-gazette.com, 1-717-787-2141 or on Twitter
@karen_langley. /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 6, 1987 Tuesday

Capitals 6, Blues 4

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 454 words


Pete Peeters, making his first start in goal after being recalled from the
minors, led the Washington Capitals to a 6-4 victory over the Blues in St.
Louis.

The victory was only the fourth for Washington in its past 11 games.

Mike Gartner fired a slapshot past St. Louis goalie Rick Wamsley from
point-blank range at 15:37 of the second period to give the Caps a 5-4
lead. Bob Gould ended the scoring with an empty-net goal with seven
seconds left in the game.

John Barrett, Craig Laughlin and Dave Christian scored for Washington
early in the first period. After Brian Benning, Mark Hunter and Greg
Paslawski tied the score for the Blues, Washington regained the lead at
3:31 of the second period when Kelly Miller beat Wamsley.

Bruce Bell of St. Louis tied the score at 4-4 on a power play at 5:49.

Officials assessed 36 minutes in penalties, including a game misconduct
to Rick Meagher of St. Louis in the final minute of the first period when
a fight broke out in front of the Blues' bench. The Blues' Jim Pavese and
Washington's Scott Stevens received 10-minute misconducts.
 Washington 6,
 St. Louis 4
                             At ST. LOUIS, Mo.

First period     1. Washington, Barrett 2nd, 6:18.

2. St. Louis, Benning 8th (Gilmour, Paslawski) 7:30.

3. Washington, Laughlin 12th (Adams) 8:00.

4. Washington, Christian 10th (Pivonka, Stevens) 9:42 (pp).

Penalties - Bell (S) slashing 9:20; Evans (S) roughing 11:51; Blum (W)
high-sticking 11:51; Duchesne (W) high-sticking 15:44; Hunter (S) slashing
15:44; Stevens (W) double minor-misconduct, roughing, charging 19:35;
Pivonka (W) double minor, high-sticking, roughing 19:35; Ramage (S) double
minor, high-sticking, roughing 19:35; Pavese (S) minor-misconduct,
roughing 19:35; Meagher (S) minor-game misconduct, roughing 19:35.

Second period     5. St. Louis, Hunter 20th (Bell, Reeds) :44.

6. St. Louis, Paslawski 12th (Gilmour, Evans) :56.

7. Washington, Miller 7th (Duchesne, Gould) 3:31.

8. St. Louis, Bell 3rd (Federko, Gilmour) 5:49 (pp).

9. Washington, Gartner 10th (Jensen) 15:37.

Penalties - Gartner (W) tripping 3:51; Ramage (S) slashing 10:21.

Third period    10. Washington, Gould 10th, 19:53 (en).

Penalties - Blum (W) holding 12:24; Stevens (W) hooking 15:16.

Shots on goal  Washington                                                   10
14  5 - 29  St. Louis                                                     3 13
8 - 24    Power-play goals - Washington 1 of 2; St. Louis 1 of 3.

Goaltenders - Washington: Peeters; St. Louis: Wamsley.

Referee - Ron Hoggarth.

Linesmen - Gerard Gauthier, Gord Broseker.

Attendance - 9,798.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

First Niagara depositors' money safe, bank says

BYLINE: by CHRIS FLEISHER

LENGTH: 312 words


First Niagara Financial Group said its customers will not be harmed by the
misconduct of a midlevel employee who was fired for improperly inflating a pool
of money set aside to cover losses.

The former employee, who the bank did not identify, had overstated the allowance
to cover loan and lease losses going back to mid-December 2013, First Niagara
disclosed in a regulatory filing late Tuesday.

The financial implications for the bank's earnings are unclear, though
depositors' money is safe, said David Lanzillo, a First Niagara spokesman.

"This is a non-cash accounting matter, and it has no impact on our customers,"
Lanzillo said.

First Niagara set aside $241 million for loan losses in 2014, though it is
unclear how much that figure was inflated by the former employee's misconduct.
Lanzillo declined to offer more specifics beyond the filing with the federal
Securities and Exchange Commission.

The disclosure occurs as the bank resolves what it described as a "process
issue" related to customer accounts, for which it set aside $45 million to cover
potential losses. First Niagara has not explained what that problem entailed,
though Lanzillo said it is being addressed.

The misconduct disclosed Tuesday was not related to that issue, he said.

"This has nothing at all to do with that," he said.

First Niagara is in the midst of a restructuring that has involved staff cuts
and the merging of its retail and consumer finance groups.

The bank reported a $742.6 million loss in 2014, mostly because of an $800
million goodwill impairment charge taken in the third quarter.

First Niagara is the fifth-largest retail bank in Pittsburgh with 59 branches.
It has 410 branches and 5,900 employees in New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut
and Massachusetts.

Chris Fleisher is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-320-7854 or cfleisher@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            December 25, 2006 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

Crackdown on prosecutor conduct;
Minnesota's high court is targeting trial misconduct by prosecutors. County
attorneys are crying foul;
defense lawyers are applauding.

BYLINE: Paul Gustafson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 919 words


Minnesota prosecutors, the people accustomed to dishing out punishment, have
found themselves on the receiving end of two recent state Supreme Court
decisions that targeted improper closing arguments and other out-of-bounds trial
behavior.

Prosecutors are bristling over the decisions, but many defense lawyers believe
the stiff medicine is overdue.

In one case, the court reversed a gang member's first-degree murder conviction
because of what it called "pervasive" misconduct by the prosecutor, even though
the state's evidence was strong.

"You wouldn't know the truth if it hit you in the face, would you, Mr. Mayhorn?"
then-Clay County Attorney Lisa Borgen asked the defendant during questioning.
The justices said Borgen tried to play on the passions of the jury and misstated
the evidence. Borgen has since said she should not have questioned the defendant
in that manner.

In another case the court changed a longstanding legal rule, putting the burden
on prosecutors to prove that their misconduct didn't substantially harm
defendants' rights in some criminal cases.

"We have identified numerous kinds of trial conduct that are improper for
prosecutors. ... Nevertheless, we continue to see cases in which prosecutors
persist in clearly proscribed conduct," Justice Helen Meyer wrote in September
for a 4-3 majority in State vs. Ramey.

Ramsey County Attorney Susan Gaertner said that she understands that the goal is
to do justice, not just win.

"But this is an adversarial system, and if you tie the hands of the prosecutors
when they go into that arena, it doesn't serve either public safety or justice,"
she said.

Many defense lawyers and legal experts, however, think it's about time that
courts stop warning prosecutors about misconduct and start doing something to
stop it.

"There has to be some kind of remedy, some consequences for behavioral errors
that occur over and over again," said Hennepin County Chief Public Defender
Lenny Castro. "I don't think the new standard is unfair at all."

In Minnesota, prosecutors' misconduct generally involves improper questioning of
witnesses and closing arguments, according to prosecutors and defense lawyers.

Examples are when prosecutors voice their own opinion on the truthfulness of
witnesses, appeal to the base emotions of jurors or use facts not introduced in
evidence.

The Minnesota Supreme Court isn't the only court expressing frustration with the
issue.

In 2003, the Illinois Supreme Court overturned the convictions of two men given
life sentences for their roles in the murder of a Chicago police officer, citing
improper prosecutor trial tactics and arguments.

It threatened to overturn more cases to reduce the "alarming frequency" of
prosecutor misconduct, which it called "a problem that courts across the country
have, for the most part, been unable or unwilling to control."

Appeals court judges in several states "are starting to wring their hands"
trying to find effective ways to discourage prosecutor misconduct, said Peter
Joy, a professor at Washington University School of Law in St. Louis.

Some judges have tried shaming misbehaving prosecutors by naming them in court
decisions. But they found that it only enhanced the prosecutors' reputations
among peers, "because it shows they are willing to do what it takes to get the
`bad guy' ... that they're willing to get down in the gutter," Joy said.

In most states, even when prosecutor misconduct is found, defendants still carry
a heavy burden to prove that their constitutional rights were substantially
violated, he said.

Some of the worst examples of misconduct attributed to prosecutors in other
states, such as withholding evidence or hiding witnesses from the defense, have
not cropped up in Minnesota courtrooms.

Prosecutors also complain that appeals court judges keep adding - after the fact
- entries to the list of trial conduct they consider improper.

"Over the years, [judges] have found 20 different ways for prosecutors to commit
misconduct in closing arguments. But it's a little hard to understand how it's
misconduct if you didn't know that it was wrong," Anoka County Attorney Robert
Johnson said.

County attorneys are upset about what they say is an unwarranted state
investigation of Borgen, who is now a district court judge in Moorhead.

In August, the state Supreme Court reversed purported gang member Troy Mayhorn's
2003 first-degree murder conviction because of what it called Borgen's
"pervasive" and "unprecedented" misconduct when she prosecuted the case.

Borgen's attorney, Richard Pemberton, a former Minnesota State Bar Association
president, said the facts will exonerate her. As a result of the court's
decision, he said, "a very dangerous man" whom Borgen took off the streets is
unlikely to be retried.

Prosecutors worry that the Supreme Court's new misconduct standard will allow
defense attorneys to "lay in the weeds" and raise objections on appeal instead
of at trial when the judge hearing the case can address them, said Gaertner.

Castro thinks Gaertner's dire predictions about the impact of the Ramey decision
won't pan out. He recalled how prosecutors were wrong when they predicted in
1994 that a state Supreme Court decision requiring police to tape-record most
suspects' statements would cause problems.

Gaertner said the two decisions aren't the same. "It's not as if there was a
bright line set down," she said. "It seems like the line is a wavy one, and
we're not sure where it is."

The Associated Press contributed to this story. Paul Gustafson - 651-298-1545

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               November 19, 2007

Priest's conviction for sexual misconduct violates Establishment Clause, rules
Minn. Supreme Court

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338  words


A priest's conviction for sexual misconduct must be thrown out because the
admission of evidence regarding religious doctrine and church policies violated
the Establishment Clause, the Minnesota Supreme Court has ruled.

The priest was convicted under a state statute that prohibits clergy sexual
misconduct for his conduct with two adult parishioners he was counseling.

At trial, the state presented two officials from the local Archdiocese who
testified extensively about church practices and doctrines, the church's
definition of inappropriate counseling and pastoral care, the church's concern
about the growing number of complaints of sexual misconduct by priests, and the
church's investigation and findings regarding the defendant's behavior.

The court said the conviction could not stand.

"Through the admission of this evidence, the court allowed the religious
doctrine of the Catholic Church to become entangled with the criteria set out in
the clergy sexual conduct statute for determining the criminality of [the
defendant's] conduct. The jury's verdict was based on this evidence, and was
unavoidably entangled with the religious doctrine introduced into evidence by
the state," the court said.

"Virtually all of this testimony lacked foundation to connect it to any secular
standard, was irrelevant to any secular standard, was inadmissible hearsay
evidence, and was highly prejudicial. This testimony bolstered the state's
claims by informing the jury that the Church condemned [the defendant's]
behavior and believed that it was important that he be held accountable. It
provided religious standards by which the jury was to judge [his] conduct. It
provided a means by which the Church was able to vouch for the credibility of
the victims' testimony. It suggested to the jury that a conviction would be
important to assist the Catholic Church in solving the problem of offending
priests. "

As a result, a new trial was required.

State v. Bussmann (Lawyers USA No. 9938613) Minnesota Supreme Court No.
A05-1782. Nov. 1, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 20, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Fifth Officer Tied to Melee In Washington

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B;   Page 3;   Column 6;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 263 words


A fifth New York City police officer has been linked to a drunken rampage
through several hotels in Washington last month, Police Commissioner William J.
Bratton said yesterday.

The officer, Kevin Catalina, 28, who is assigned to the 103d Precinct covering
the Jamaica section of Queens, was placed on modified assignment Friday, meaning
that he was assigned to administrative duty and his gun and badge confiscated.

Mr. Bratton did not say what Officer Catalina's role was in the May 14
disturbance.

Officer Catalina, a three-year veteran, is the fourth officer from the 103d
Precinct to be identified in the incident, which department officials now
believe involved up to 30 officers whose misconduct included pulling fire alarms
and running nude in front of hotel guests. About 800 police officers from New
York were in Washington to attend a national memorial service on May 15 for
fallen comrades.

Earlier this month, Officer Ramona Vicario, 35, of the 103d Precinct, an
eight-year veteran, resigned after failing a departmental drug test as she was
being questioned about her conduct in the Washington incident. Two other
officers from the precinct, Michael A. Alberti, 26, and Frederick W. Vasselman,
27, who were two of the trip organizers for the precinct, were suspended.

Another officer, Wayne Hagmaier, 24, of the Central Park Precinct, was put on
modified assignment June 14. The police did not detail his alleged misconduct.

A sixth officer has yet to be charged because he entered an alcohol
rehabilitation program. His name has not been released.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             March 25, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Wings hold off Ducks; Cleary, Miller score goals in road victory

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM


A strange NHL schedule had Detroit playing the Anaheim Ducks on the road twice
in three days. And the Red Wings handed the team with the second-best record in
the league back-to-back losses in regulation for the first time this season.

Jimmy Howard made 33 saves, Dan Cleary and Drew Miller scored first-period
goals, and the Wings won a 2-1 nail-biter Sunday after Friday's 5-1 rout - a
game highlighted by Justin Ab-delkader's first NHL hat trick.

"We knew tonight was going to be a totally different game than Friday," Howard
said.

"It was a very different style game, but we found a way. It's a huge four points
for us. We have to continue to make the push for the post-season. We have teams
coming up on our heels, so we have to continue to get points. "

The Ducks, who trail Chicago by three points for the league's best record, have
stumbled a bit following a 22-3-4 start that was the best in franchise history.
They also had back-to-back shootout losses on the road against the Phoenix
Coyotes earlier this month.

"When Chicago lost one, they lost two and then they started to get back into the
swing of things," Ducks coach Bruce Boudreau said of the Blackhawks, who set a
league record by getting through their first 24 games without a loss in
regulation.

Anaheim captain Ryan Get-zlaf scored on a power play with 46 seconds left in the
second period, ending his 13-game goal drought against Detroit. Jonas Hiller
stopped 21 shots after going 8-0-2 with a 1.86 goals-against average and .933
save percentage in his last 10 starts.

Getzlaf received a 10-minute misconduct and 2 extra minutes for unsportsmanlike
conduct after getting a tripping penalty with 34 seconds left in the game. Corey
Perry simultaneously got a 10-minute misconduct and Teemu Selanne also was hit
with a 10-minute misconduct, along with a game misconduct.

Cleary opened the scoring on a power play at 4: 14, tipping Jakub Kindl's snap
shot from the top of the right circle past Hiller, while Francois Beauchemin was
off for tripping Valtteri Filppula. Cleary's seventh goal extended the Wings'
streak of consecutive games with a power-play goal to seven, following a
six-game stretch in which they were 0 for 13.

"That was a big win for us," coach Mike Babcock said. "I thought we were
fantastic at the start. We stopped skating a little bit, but we were able to get
the points."

Miller, who began his six-year NHL career with the Ducks, scored at 8: 46 when
he beat Selanne to a loose puck at the edge of the crease and scored his fourth
goal after Ian White shot a one-timer into a crowd in front of Hiller.

Howard stopped Anaheim's first 21 shots before giving up Getzlaf 's 12th on a
screened wrist shot from the right circle while Cleary was serving an
interference penalty.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark J. Terrill, The Associated Press; Detroit's Daniel Cleary, left,
deflects a shot for a goal against Anaheim goalie Jonas Hiller during NHL action
Sunday night in Anaheim, Calif. The Red Wings defeated the Ducks 2-1. The Wings
face the Coyotes tonight in Phoenix (10 p.m., FSN).;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 16, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Green's Criticism of Police Is Flawed, Giuliani Says

BYLINE: By KEVIN FLYNN

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 779 words


Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani dismissed a report by Public Advocate Mark Green on
lapses in the Police Department's disciplinary process yesterday, calling it an
unfounded attack by a politician primarily interested in advancing his own
mayoral ambitions.

"This is another one of those guffaws by Mark Green," said Mr. Giuliani, who
accused Mr. Green of selectively using statistics unfairly to portray police
officials as too lenient in their handling of misconduct by officers. "I guess
he wants to position himself as the anti-police, anti-law-enforcement
candidate."

Mr. Green's report, which was based on a review of 420 police disciplinary
files, said that hundreds of officers found by an independent review board to
have engaged in misconduct were never disciplined because their cases were
dismissed by police officials without further investigation. Mr. Green said his
review showed that officers against whom citizen complaints had been upheld by
the Civilian Complaint Review Board between 1994 and 1997 escaped punishment, in
large measure because the department was unwilling to police itself
aggressively.

But Mr. Giuliani accused Mr. Green, a liberal Democrat who as Public Advocate is
first in the line of succession for the mayoralty, of focusing on old cases as a
means of ignoring recent increases in the number of officers disciplined.  "Mark
Green cuts off his analysis of the numbers in 1997, leaves out 1998 and half of
1999, so he can come to a different kind of political conclusion," the Mayor
said during a news conference at City Hall.

Mr. Green said he intended to review all the cases decided in 1998, but that he
had not been provided with all of those records yet.

In 1994, when Mr. Giuliani took office, 40 percent of the civilian complaints
substantiated by the review board resulted in discipline. During the six months
that ended in July 1999, the proportion rose to 53 percent, police officials
said.

Although the review board investigates civilian complaints of abuse and
brutality, the decision to penalize officers is left to police officials, to
whom the board forwards cases it has substantiated. Only a small proportion, 6
percent, of the 5,000 civilian complaints received each year are substantiated,
which is why critics of the disciplinary process have found the dismissal of
substantiated cases by police officials so troubling.

Mr. Green said the Giuliani administration was attacking the messenger because
it did not like the message. He said it was particularly disingenuous for Mr.
Giuliani to complain that the study data was stale, since the administration had
blocked his access to the disciplinary files for two years. Mr. Green won the
right to review the files in a court decision earlier this year. His study is
the first case-by-case analysis of what became of substantiated complaints once
they were turned over to police officials.

Asked if his office had stonewalled Mr. Green, Mr. Giuliani shrugged. "This is
all somebody running for mayor and trying to run for mayor by attacking the
Police Department," said Mr. Giuliani, a potential candidate for United States
Senate who has made no secret of how much he dislikes the idea of Mr. Green
succeeding him in the job.

Police Commissioner Howard Safir said Mr. Green's report ignored recent
improvements in the disciplinary process that came with the expansion of its
investigative staff. The expanded staff has produced sounder investigations
against officers who can subsequently be more effectively prosecuted, police
officials said.

"What Mark Green is doing is flaunting things that reflect negatively on the
Police Department, which is not uncommon for Mark Green," Mr. Safir said.

Mr. Green said he thought that a vast majority of police were "honorable, quiet,
everyday heroes who are largely responsible for reductions in crime and who
themselves are the ones who are tarnished by the few bad apples that the Police
Department apparently cannot pick out."

Mr. Green acknowledged that the discipline rate had improved in the last two
years. But he suggested the improvement was largely a response to pressure from
outside monitors, including his office and that of the United States Attorney
for the Eastern District, which is pursuing a separate inquiry into the
department's handling of brutality cases. Mr. Safir responded by saying, "Mr.
Green's pressure has no bearing whatsoever on anything the Police Department
does."

Other critics of the police disciplinary process supported Mr. Green's effort,
suggesting it had provided additional evidence of the need to overhaul the
review board to increase its power and independence.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 14, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

L.A. Transit Sexism Alleged

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 186 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Los Angeles, already battling allegations during the O.J. Simpson trial of
racism and police misconduct, suffered a new blow yesterday -- charges of sexism
among its transit police.

The Los Angeles Times reported in an investigative report that one-third of the
female officers in the Metropolitan Transportation Authority Police Department
had filed harassment or discrimination complaints.

They described a hostile and degrading atmosphere in which a small group of male
officers engaged in harassment including bumping or groping them in hallways,
humiliating them at meetings and circulating embarrassing photographs.

One female sergeant has taken her case to court, filing a suit alleging
harassment and discrimination in the force that patrols public buses, trains and
stations around the city, and that is headed by a woman.

The MTA police is separate from the Los Angeles Police Department, which has
been under scrutiny since the Rodney G. King beating case in 1991 and the recent
Simpson trial, in which a white detective was heard on tape using racist slurs
and bragging of misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post

                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 23, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

7 Jersey Prison Guards Guilty of Misconduct

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 192 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Oct. 22


A jury tonight convicted seven Trenton state prison guards of official
misconduct in connection with allegations that they beat 13 inmates in an
unprovoked assault and then tried to cover it up.

An eighth guard was acquitted of all charges.

The Mercer County Superior Court jury of 10 men and 2 women returned its
verdicts at 9:30 P.M.

Jack Seeling, a lawyer for one defendant, James R. Foussadier, 22 years old, of
Willingboro, said he would probably appeal the conviction.

Six guards were convicted of conspiracy and official misconduct. They are Mr.
Foussadier; Alphonsus J. Jasinskas, 33, of Riverside; Capt. John C. Adams Jr.,
54, of Burlington; Lieut. Stephen J. Dobron, 49, of Langhorne, Pa.; Sgt. Donald
Lewis, 36, of Toms River, and Capt. Joe N. Rhym, 46, of Trenton.

Stephen Corbezzolo, 23, of Edgewater Park, was convicted of official misconduct
but acquitted of conspiracy. Gregory A. Robinson, 31, of Trenton, was acquitted
of both charges.

The prosecution said 13 inmates were physically abused on May 15, 1984, at the
maximum-security prison by up to two dozen guards, who kicked and hit them with
their fists and nightsticks.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Liang assembles new defense team

BYLINE: HEZI JIANG

LENGTH: 647  words


Peter Liang has hired a legal new team to help with his appeal of a jury verdict
that found the former New York City police officer guilty of second-degree
manslaughter and official misconduct.

A man attends a rally in support of former NYPD officer Peter Liang in the
Brooklyn borough of New York February 20, 2016. Liang was convicted of
manslaughter and official misconduct on Thursday for fatally shooting an unarmed
black man, Akai Gurley, in a darkened public housing stairwell in 2014,
according to media reports.[Photo/Agencies]

Paul Shechtman, a New York defense attorney, and Gabriel "Jack" Chin, a
California law professor, will represent Liang at sentencing and in his appeal.

Shechtman told China Daily on Tuesday that he has begun reading the transcripts
of Liang's trial.

Shechtman is a partner at Zuckerman Spaeder LLP, based in New York. A graduate
of Harvard Law School, he has more than 30 years' experience in government
service and private practice.

He is known for his appellate work, according to the firm's website. In 2004,
Shechtman represented then-governor George Pataki in Pataki vs. Silver in the
New York Court of Appeals. The landmark case centered on the governor's powers
in the budget-making process,and Shechtman won a ruling that "resolved the
dispute in the Governor's favor".

Chin is a teacher and scholar of immigration law, criminal procedure, and race
and law at the University of California, Davis. "A" Magazine named him one of
the "25 Most Notable Asians in America".

He and his students successfully worked for the repeal of anti-Asian land laws
that were on the books in Kansas, New Mexico and Wyoming. According to the
university website, Chin's work also has been cited by the US Supreme Court.

It is the second time that Liang has switched attorneys. In November 2015, he
dismissed his police union-appointed lawyers and hired Robert Brown and Rae
Downes Koshetz.

Brown told NBC News that he and Koshetz will file a motion on Wednesday to set
aside Liang's Feb 11 guilty verdict.

Many people in the Chinese community have supported Liang, and a handful of
organizations have raised money toward Liang's legal fees. Brooklyn Asian
Communities Empowerment and Lin Sing Association alone said they have collected
more than $650,000.

Community leaders also have sought support from other Chinese-American lawyers
and experts.

Henry Lee, one of the most celebrated forensic scientists in the world, has
received calls from about five different Chinese groups asking him to help
Liang.

Lee said he told everyone that he would be happy to help and would work pro
bono.

However, he can only do so if Liang's attorneys request his help. So far, Lee
said neither Liang nor any of his lawyers have contacted him.

"Right now I can only morally support him as a Chinese American," Lee told China
Daily.

Lee believes that more forensic work should have been done, but declined to
speak further due to his possible future involvement in the case.

Liang is scheduled to be sentenced on April 14, when he faces up to 15 years in
prison for the shooting death of Akai Gurley in November 2014.

Liang, a rookie NYPD officer, discharged his gun in a darkened stairwell of a
Brooklyn housing project during a vertical patrol, and the ricocheted bullet
fatally struck Gurley, a 28-year-old African-American man, on a lower floor.

Liang was the first NYPD officer to be convicted of killing a civilian since
2005, and many in the Chinese community have stated that Liang is a scapegoat.

On Feb 20, tens of thousands of members of the Chinese community held rallies in
more than 40 cities across the United States to protest the verdict. A second
New York rally scheduled for March 11 was postponed after the organizer
consulted with Shechtman, according to the Chinese Action Network Facebook page.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/76/145750839820.jpg

eca86bd9d5431849d26d0e.jpg

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Liang assembles new defense team

BYLINE: HEZI JIANG

LENGTH: 634  words


Peter Liang has hired a legal new team to help with his appeal of a jury verdict
that found the former New York City police officer guilty of second-degree
manslaughter and official misconduct.

A man attends a rally in support of former NYPD officer Peter Liang in the
Brooklyn borough of New York February 20, 2016. Liang was convicted of
manslaughter and official misconduct on Thursday for fatally shooting an unarmed
black man, Akai Gurley, in a darkened public housing stairwell in 2014,
according to media reports.[Photo/Agencies]

Paul Shechtman, a New York defense attorney, and Gabriel "Jack" Chin, a
California law professor, will represent Liang at sentencing and in his appeal.

Shechtman told China Daily on Tuesday that he has begun reading the transcripts
of Liang's trial.

Shechtman is a partner at Zuckerman Spaeder LLP, based in New York. A graduate
of Harvard Law School, he has more than 30 years' experience in government
service and private practice.

He is known for his appellate work, according to the firm's website. In 2004,
Shechtman represented then-governor George Pataki in Pataki vs. Silver in the
New York Court of Appeals. The landmark case centered on the governor's powers
in the budget-making process,and Shechtman won a ruling that "resolved the
dispute in the Governor's favor".

Chin is a teacher and scholar of immigration law, criminal procedure, and race
and law at the University of California, Davis. "A" Magazine named him one of
the "25 Most Notable Asians in America".

He and his students successfully worked for the repeal of anti-Asian land laws
that were on the books in Kansas, New Mexico and Wyoming. According to the
university website, Chin's work also has been cited by the US Supreme Court.

It is the second time that Liang has switched attorneys. In November 2015, he
dismissed his police union-appointed lawyers and hired Robert Brown and Rae
Downes Koshetz.

Brown told NBC News that he and Koshetz will file a motion on Wednesday to set
aside Liang's Feb 11 guilty verdict.

Many people in the Chinese community have supported Liang, and a handful of
organizations have raised money toward Liang's legal fees. Brooklyn Asian
Communities Empowerment and Lin Sing Association alone said they have collected
more than $650,000.

Community leaders also have sought support from other Chinese-American lawyers
and experts.

Henry Lee, one of the most celebrated forensic scientists in the world, has
received calls from about five different Chinese groups asking him to help
Liang.

Lee said he told everyone that he would be happy to help and would work pro
bono.

However, he can only do so if Liang's attorneys request his help. So far, Lee
said neither Liang nor any of his lawyers have contacted him.

"Right now I can only morally support him as a Chinese American," Lee told China
Daily.

Lee believes that more forensic work should have been done, but declined to
speak further due to his possible future involvement in the case.

Liang is scheduled to be sentenced on April 14, when he faces up to 15 years in
prison for the shooting death of Akai Gurley in November 2014.

Liang, a rookie NYPD officer, discharged his gun in a darkened stairwell of a
Brooklyn housing project during a vertical patrol, and the ricocheted bullet
fatally struck Gurley, a 28-year-old African-American man, on a lower floor.

Liang was the first NYPD officer to be convicted of killing a civilian since
2005, and many in the Chinese community have stated that Liang is a scapegoat.

On Feb 20, tens of thousands of members of the Chinese community held rallies in
more than 40 cities across the United States to protest the verdict. A second
New York rally scheduled for March 11 was postponed after the organizer
consulted with Shechtman, according to the Chinese Action Network Facebook page.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 24, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FSU: COOPERATION SHOULD SAVE VICTORIES

BYLINE: BRIAN LANDMAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 529 words


Florida State football coach Bobby Bowden should not be forced to vacate wins
because the school's cooperation in the NCAA's academic misconduct investigation
wasn't given sufficient consideration, the school said in its written appeal.

Tallahassee attorney Bill Williams said that even if the Division I Infractions
Appeals Committee were to uphold the lone sanction FSU chose to fight in the
case, it should not force a "reconfiguring" of innocent coaches' records.

"(That) would be excessive and arbitrary since it is undisputed that none of the
head coaches was at all responsible for the misconduct that occurred," Williams
wrote in the 28-page appeal that was released publicly Thursday afternoon.

While vacating wins would affect 10 sports in which the implicated 61
student-athletes competed in during 2006 and 2007, the biggest loser stands to
be Bowden. (That despite the 2007 NCAA men's outdoor track and field title
possibly being in jeopardy as well as NCAA postseason appearances in numerous
other sports.)

Bowden ended last season with 382 career wins to trail Penn State's Joe Paterno
by one for the all-time lead among Division I-A coaches. But given the
sanctions, Bowden, 79, would lose all seven wins from the 2007 season and
possibly more from the seven-win 2006 season, likely putting Paterno, 82, beyond
reach.

The FSU appeal refers extensively to a recent case involving Oklahoma football
players who were paid thousands of dollars for work they didn't do at a car
dealership. Among the penalties was a vacating of wins from the 2005 season.

"In this case, the institution's cooperation was a significant factor in the
ultimate detection of the violations ... (and) the Committee on Infractions
report did not acknowledge or discuss the nature or extent of the institution's
cooperation, nor specify what weight, if any, it was given," the appeals
committee wrote in February 2008.

That flew counter to a precedent it established in 1995 in a case involving
Mississippi, saying that a school's cooperation had to be given "substantial
weight in determining and imposing penalties" or it would be a "disincentive to
the fullest possible institutional cooperation." Oklahoma's wins that season
were safe.

In the FSU case, the Committee on Infractions simply said in its report that the
school "met its obligation" under NCAA rules to cooperate.

Williams called that "opaquely" and with "pointed brevity" and proceeded to cite
specific dates when FSU and the NCAA enforcement staff discussed the case and
how much the two had actually partnered.

He urged the appeals committee "should not retreat from its consistent position
that cooperation and corrective action are mitigations which the Committee on
Infractions, in the imposition of penalties, must discuss and weigh."

The Committee on Infractions now has until May 26 to respond to FSU's appeal.
FSU then has 14 days to offer a rebuttal. The NCAA enforcement staff might also
submit a response to which FSU would have 10 days to answer. FSU has requested a
hearing before the five-member appeal committee, which will be scheduled later.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                November 4, 2000 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CIVIL RIGHTS GROUP URGES CURBS ON POLICE MISCONDUCT

BYLINE: From Mercury News wire services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 109 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


Police misconduct remains an "incessant" problem in the United States, and the
failure to wipe out abuse and brutality requires wholesale changes, such as
giving citizens the right to sue renegade departments, the U.S. Commission on
Civil Rights concluded Friday.

The commission, reviewing the progress and setbacks in police reforms of the
last two decades, found that better policing has often come "at a terrible
price" for minority communities, "which seem to bear the brunt of the abuse."

Los Angeles and New York were singled out as two major examples of cities that
have "made great strides in lowering crime rates," the commission said.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: National
In Brief

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tor Project Appoints New Board and Reboots

BYLINE: By NICOLE PERLROTH

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 732 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- The Tor Project, a nonprofit digital privacy group, on
Wednesday replaced its board with a new slate of directors as part of a larger
shake-up after allegations of sexual misconduct by a prominent employee.

The Tor Project promotes the use of software that helps internet users mask
their online identities and whereabouts; the software was developed by the
United States Naval Research Laboratory nearly 20 years ago. The group has
become better known in the last few years, as Tor is regarded as a useful tool
to evade online tracking and government surveillance.

But the Tor Project has been plagued by controversy, most recently involving
allegations of sexual misconduct by Jacob Appelbaum, the 33-year-old public face
of Tor, who was asked to step down from the group in May.

Last December, the Tor Project appointed a new executive director, Shari Steele,
partly to help restructure the group. She had previously spent 15 years as the
executive director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation.

Mr. Appelbaum has dodged allegations of inappropriate sexual conduct for years,
and was suspended for two weeks last spring because of accusations of
harassment. In May, new revelations of sexual misconduct emerged, and Ms. Steele
led a push for Mr. Appelbaum's resignation. She said the Tor Project had been
working with an independent investigator to look into the claims.

Mr. Appelbaum denied the accusations. In a statement last month, he said: ''I
want to be clear: The allegations of criminal sexual misconduct against me are
entirely false.'' His publicist did not respond to further requests for comment.

After the controversy, all seven of Tor's board members agreed to give up their
seats to make room for a new slate. In a joint statement on Wednesday, they
said, ''It is time that we pass the baton of board oversight as the Tor Project
moves into its second decade of operations.''

The new board is part of Ms. Steele's broader restructuring as she seeks to
promote the legitimacy of the Tor Project. Apart from dealing with the
allegations over Mr. Appelbaum, the organization has also struggled to fend off
an image as a ''Dark Web'' tool used by drug dealers and pedophiles. An official
from the Justice Department recently incorrectly cited a statistic claiming 80
percent of traffic on the Tor network involved child pornography. That
statistic, however, came from a study involving a separate service, Tor Hidden
Services, which accounts for less than 2 percent of all Tor traffic.

Since taking the Tor Project's helm, Ms. Steele has replaced its directors of
human resources and administration, moved the project's base of operations to
Seattle from Cambridge, Mass., recruited the new slate of directors, and
searched for additional, alternative sources of funding.

Tor has received funding from private companies and nonprofits, including Google
and Human Rights Watch, but 90 percent of its funding comes from government
contracts and grants. That is a controversial source of funds for an
organization that counts dissidents and activists looking to avoid government
reprisals among its primary user base.

In an interview, Ms. Steele said the board moves were intended to ''bring in a
strong, leadership-oriented board with more experience leading a strong and
sustainable organization.'' Recruiting new members, she said, had not been a
challenge.

''All of them had been watching what was going on with Tor and were committed
and enthusiastic about growing this into a stronger and sustainable
organization,'' she said.

The departing directors are Meredith Hoban Dunn, Ian Goldberg, Julius
Mittenzwei, Rabbi Rob Thomas, Wendy Seltzer and two of Tor's co-founders, Roger
Dingledine and Nick Mathewson. Mr. Dingledine and Mr. Mathewson will remain as
leaders of Tor's technical research and development.

Their successors include Matt Blaze, a widely known cryptographer and associate
professor at the University of Pennsylvania; Cindy Cohn, Ms. Steele's successor
as executive director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation; Bruce Schneier, a
security author and expert; Gabriella Coleman, an anthropologist at McGill
University who writes about online activism; Linus Nordberg, a longtime internet
and privacy activist; and Megan Price, executive director of the Human Rights
Data Analysis Group. The remaining board seat has yet to be filled.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/14/technology/tor-project-a-digital-privacy-group
-reboots-with-new-board.html

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company

                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Attorney faces license suspension over misconduct in Minnesota

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 361  words


An attorney who was disciplined in Minnesota for misconduct now faces a 60-day
suspension of his Wisconsin law license.

According to an Office of Lawyer Regulation complaint filed Feb. 11, Mark
Kurzman, a lawyer out of Minneapolis, failed to notify the OLR that the
Minnesota Supreme Court had suspended his license in November. Kurzman had been
licensed in Minnesota since 1972. The court reinstated his license to practice
on Feb. 18.

The Minnesota Supreme Court's decision stemmed from misconduct it found that
Kurzman committed while his license was already on probation for violations of
trust-account rules. Among the accusations were that he had asked a question,
without any good reason, essentially accusing a witness of molesting boys,
taking months to provide a copy of a client's file, failing to properly submit
documents to a court as ordered and providing client files to another client.

The Minnesota court also noted that Kurzman had a lengthy disciplinary record.
He has been disciplined 10 times for violating 19 provisions of Minnesota's
professional rules of attorney conduct, the court noted in its decision.

Kurzman was also privately admonished eight times from 1994 to 2013. He was
placed on private probation in 2007 and publicly reprimanded for trust-account
violations in 2010 and put on probation for two years.

"The variety of Kurzman's misconduct and extent of his disciplinary history are
unusual and make direct comparisons difficult," Minnesota's high court wrote in
November.

The OLR is asking the Wisconsin Supreme Court to suspend Kurzman's license for
60 days.

Kurzman graduated from the New York University School of Law and has been
licensed to practice in Wisconsin since 2003. His license is in good standing,
according to the OLR and State Bar of Wisconsin websites. The state Supreme
Court publicly reprimanded him in 2012 as reciprocal discipline for
trust-account violations that the Minnesota Supreme Court had disciplined him
for in 2010.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho: Secret Service Director Tells Panel: 'This Is My First Test'

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: Boise


American Falls District Library of Idaho has issued the followinga news release:

Answering pointed questions about new claims of misconduct by his agents, Secret
Service Director Joseph Clancy says he had a "good stern talk" with his staff
about why he wasn't told sooner about an incident in which two senior agents who
were apparently drunk drove a government vehicle through an area at the White
House complex where their colleagues were investigating a suspicious package.

The agents in question were not given field sobriety tests, Clancy told a House
panel. He later added that as the investigation continues, the agents have been
placed in non-supervisory positions. The recent scandal erupted after an
anonymous email claimed that two agents drove slowly into an orange traffic
barrel after they attended a reception.

The culture of the Secret Service, something that has been blamed for other
recent incidents, also came up in the budget hearing held by the House
Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security.

Discussing the various ways agents cope with the stresses of their work, Clancy
said, "We do have an element that goes to alcohol."

Clancy said that after discussing why he hadn't been told of the reported
misconduct, he instructed his staff "to ensure that these events, and any event
of misconduct or operational errors have to be relayed up the chain."

He added, "I will say that it's going to take time to change maybe some of this
culture. There's no excuse for this information not to come up the chain."

Those remarks didn't keep Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Harold Rogers,
R-Ky., from demanding a further explanation from Clancy. When the Secret Service
director mentioned the ongoing inspector general investigation, Rogers
interrupted him to say, "I don't care about the office of the inspector general
-- God love them and good luck to them."

Pointing a finger at Clancy, Rogers said: "You're in charge. This is an
administrative problem you've got, among other things."

Clancy responded, "First of all, you're right, Mr. Chairman."

"There will be accountability," he said, later adding, "This is my first test."

Clancy said he will be comparing the inspector general's report to Secret
Service logs and records from that night.

And he said that part of the challenge is establishing a culture of trust at the
troubled agency, to encourage people to report problems up the command chain.

"I've got to work to earn that trust, and I'm going to do that through my
actions," he said.

"Well, your actions, in my judgment, should be punishment," Rogers replied.
"Termination. Firing people who have subordinated their command."

Clancy said that he hasn't spoken with the agent who was in charge of the White
House complex that night, out of concern that he might influence or distort the
investigation.

Rogers said he is "disappointed" that Clancy had not conducted his own "vigorous
tough investigation" into the incident.

"To say you're not investigating because you want the inspector general of the
department to investigate is hogwash," Rogers stated. "What do you think?"

Clancy responded by citing a recent case in which a witness told different
versions of their account to different agencies, including the Secret Service.

"I'm frustrated," Clancy said, using a word he repeated often during his
testimony. "I'm very frustrated that we didn't know about this."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho: Secret Service Director Tells Panel: 'This Is My First Test'

LENGTH: 584  words

DATELINE: Boise


American Falls District Library of Idaho has issued the followinga news release:

Answering pointed questions about new claims of misconduct by his agents, Secret
Service Director Joseph Clancy says he had a "good stern talk" with his staff
about why he wasn't told sooner about an incident in which two senior agents who
were apparently drunk drove a government vehicle through an area at the White
House complex where their colleagues were investigating a suspicious package.

The agents in question were not given field sobriety tests, Clancy told a House
panel. He later added that as the investigation continues, the agents have been
placed in non-supervisory positions. The recent scandal erupted after an
anonymous email claimed that two agents drove slowly into an orange traffic
barrel after they attended a reception.

The culture of the Secret Service, something that has been blamed for other
recent incidents, also came up in the budget hearing held by the House
Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security.

Discussing the various ways agents cope with the stresses of their work, Clancy
said, "We do have an element that goes to alcohol."

Clancy said that after discussing why he hadn't been told of the reported
misconduct, he instructed his staff "to ensure that these events, and any event
of misconduct or operational errors have to be relayed up the chain."

He added, "I will say that it's going to take time to change maybe some of this
culture. There's no excuse for this information not to come up the chain."

Those remarks didn't keep Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Harold Rogers,
R-Ky., from demanding a further explanation from Clancy. When the Secret Service
director mentioned the ongoing inspector general investigation, Rogers
interrupted him to say, "I don't care about the office of the inspector general
-- God love them and good luck to them."

Pointing a finger at Clancy, Rogers said: "You're in charge. This is an
administrative problem you've got, among other things."

Clancy responded, "First of all, you're right, Mr. Chairman."

"There will be accountability," he said, later adding, "This is my first test."

Clancy said he will be comparing the inspector general's report to Secret
Service logs and records from that night.

And he said that part of the challenge is establishing a culture of trust at the
troubled agency, to encourage people to report problems up the command chain.

"I've got to work to earn that trust, and I'm going to do that through my
actions," he said.

"Well, your actions, in my judgment, should be punishment," Rogers replied.
"Termination. Firing people who have subordinated their command."

Clancy said that he hasn't spoken with the agent who was in charge of the White
House complex that night, out of concern that he might influence or distort the
investigation.

Rogers said he is "disappointed" that Clancy had not conducted his own "vigorous
tough investigation" into the incident.

"To say you're not investigating because you want the inspector general of the
department to investigate is hogwash," Rogers stated. "What do you think?"

Clancy responded by citing a recent case in which a witness told different
versions of their account to different agencies, including the Secret Service.

"I'm frustrated," Clancy said, using a word he repeated often during his
testimony. "I'm very frustrated that we didn't know about this."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

USA: Putnam County Woman Arrested for Sexual Misconduct

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Nov. 23 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following Press Release:

Criminal investigation detectives from the Putnamville Post have submitted
charges against a Putnam County woman alleging sexual misconduct with a 14 year
old female friend.

Elizabeth Anne Rossok, age 20, 4295 West US 40, Apt. C, Greencastle, IN
surrendered herself to the Putnam County judicial system on Friday, November 12,
preliminarily charged with one count of Sexual Misconduct with a Minor, Class D
felony and one count of Contributing to the Delinquency of a Minor, Class A
misdemeanor. Rossok later bonded out on 10% of the $20,000 bond.

Indiana State Police Detective Deanna Jones began an investigation on September
24, 2010, at the request of the Department of Child Services in Putnam County,
into allegations that Elizabeth Anne Rossok had sexual contact on multiple
occasions with a 14 year old female friend. The sexual contact allegedly
occurred at Rossok's home over a nearly one year period, beginning in August of
2009 and lasting until the initiation of this investigation. The victim is now
15 years of age. During the investigation, additional allegations surfaced
accusing Ms. Rossok of providing pornographic material and alcoholic beverages
to the 14 year old victim during the same period as the sexual contact.

Ms. Rossok was the softball coach on a local league the minor female was a
member of and Rossok also served as a substitute teacher for the South Putnam
High School, where the victim attended.

Assisting Detective Jones was the Putnam County Prosecutor's Office and the
Putnam County

Department of Child Services.

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 9, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Johnson Won't Seek Overhaul of Police Law;
Weakening of Md. Officers' Bill of Rights Crucial for Pr. George's, Reformers
Insist

BYLINE: Paul Schwartzman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 870 words


Prince George's County Executive Jack B. Johnson, who promised during his
campaign to reform the police force, said yesterday that he has no plans to seek
to weaken a state law that protects officers accused of misconduct.

Unveiling his first legislative agenda in Annapolis, Johnson said his priorities
include obtaining more state funding for school construction and residential and
commercial development projects in the county's poorer communities.

But missing from Johnson's nine-point wish list was an item that had been a
mainstay of predecessor Wayne K. Curry's agenda for the past two years: an
overhaul of the state law that protects officers from talking to investigators
for up to 10 days when they are accused of misconduct or involved in a shooting.

Advocates of police reform have criticized the law, known as the state Law
Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights, for shielding officers from scrutiny and
bolstering the so-called "blue wall of silence" -- the traditional reluctance of
police to cooperate with investigations into the conduct of fellow officers.

But Curry's attempts to breach the wall by changing state law failed, and
Johnson said he will focus his energy on changes within the department. "No one
can regulate ethics and goodwill," Johnson said after a news conference in
Annapolis at which he laid out his agenda. "I'm going to focus on the internal
reforms we need. We will have a new, better police department."

He has hired former New York City police commissioner Patrick V. Murphy to
conduct a review of the police force, which has been the target of federal civil
rights investigations for the last two years.

After Johnson was asked at the news conference why he had not included a change
in the law in his list of priorities, state Sen. Nathaniel Exum (D-Prince
George's), an ally of Johnson's, stepped forward to say that he would introduce
a bill seeking to reduce from 10 to three the number of days that officers can
wait before answering questions.

At that point, Johnson said he would support Exum's legislation.

Johnson's low-key support for any such legislative initiative appeared at odds
with his posture as state's attorney, when he accused officers of perpetuating
the culture of silence. During his campaign for county executive, Johnson set
police reform as one of his top priorities.

Since his victory in November, Johnson has gone out of his way to praise the
police force and mend his frayed relations with the leaders of the county's
police union, with whom he has long had testy dealings. The union has vigorously
opposed any changes to the Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights.

Advocates for police reform in Prince George's said they hope that Johnson will
include an overhaul of the bill of rights on his list of priorities.

"You can't be serious about police reform unless you deal with" the bill of
rights, said Redmond Barnes, a coordinator of the Peoples Coalition for Police
Accountability. "The people who elected Jack are expecting reform."

Jonathan Hutto, a program director for Amnesty International, which monitors
police brutality, called the bill of rights "the codification of the blue wall
of silence."

"Until it's abolished, or radically reformed, nothing will change as far as
accountability," Hutto said. "It's a mistake for the county administration not
to seek serious reform."

The Law Enforcement Officers' Bill of Rights, which was enacted in 1974, offers
a range of protections to police officers in addition to the 10-day rule.

It shields officers, for example, from being required to testify before citizen
review panels that investigate brutality complaints if their statements could be
used against them in a criminal investigation.

Two years ago, the Prince George's Citizen Complaint Oversight Panel, a county
board that investigates complaints filed against the police, said in a report
that the 10-day rule "invites abuse . . . and raises serious concerns about
collusion and the code of silence among officers."

Curry, who declined to comment yesterday, first sought to change the 10-day rule
two years ago but the bill died in a House committee.

Curry sought reforms again last year, including legislation that would have
changed the 10-day rule only in Prince George's.

But Del. Joseph F. Vallario Jr. (D-Prince George's), the head of the House
Judiciary Committee, opposed the measure because it singled out Prince George's.

Michael Arrington, Johnson's chief lobbyist in Annapolis, said the
administration is awaiting the results of Murphy's review of the police force
before deciding what initiatives -- if any -- to pursue in Annapolis.

"It would preempt Commissioner Murphy's duties if we started singularly
implementing one step that we might think is progress that he doesn't think is
progress at the end of the day," Arrington said. "To put a bill in for the sake
of putting it in, and not getting it passed, doesn't serve the citizens."

Murphy said he is aware of the police bill of rights but has not studied it in
depth. "It's very restrictive," he said. "On the face of it, as a chief, I
wouldn't want it. We'll have to look very closely at it and see how it works out
in practice."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post

                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             March 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Hitchcock, Brashear penalized for fight

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO -- Philadelphia Flyers forward Donald Brashear was suspended one game
Friday for his role in an altercation Thursday night against a New York Rangers
player.

Brashear attemped to instigate a fight with Rangers defenceman Darius
Kasparaitis in the final minutes of New York's 6-1 win over Philadelphia.
Brashear was given an instigating minor, a fighting major, a 10-minute
misconduct and a game misconduct for the fight. Kasparaitis did not attempt to
fight back.

Brashear will miss Saturday's game against the New York Islanders, but is
eligible to return Monday when the Flyers host Montreal. He forfeits $8,918 US
in salary.

Flyers coach Ken Hitchcock was also fined $10,000 for the incident.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Associated Press; Blackhawks' Kyle Calder celebrates after scoring
past Vancouver Canucks goalie Alex Auld in Chicago on Friday. Vancouver rallied
and later won 5-4 in a shootout.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 601 words


WASHINGTON

Chase banks in 9 cities get powder in letters

More than 30 letters containing a suspicious powder were mailed to Chase banks
in nine cities, authorities said Tuesday in what was being investigated as a
first, if extreme, public backlash over the nation's financial crisis.

Initial tests on the powder proved negative for poisonous or otherwise dangerous
toxins, the FBI said. An FBI spokesman in Oklahoma, where eight letters turned
up, said local preliminary assessments showed the powder was harmless calcium.

Officials zeroed in Tuesday on possible suspects near Amarillo, Texas, where the
letters were postmarked.

DENVER

Federal judge resigns; misconduct is alleged

The federal judge who oversaw the insider trading trial of former Qwest
Communications CEO Joe Nacchio is leaving the bench as complaints of judicial
misconduct are investigated.

Edward W. Nottingham, the chief federal district judge in Colorado, resigned
effective Oct. 29, according to a statement Tuesday posted on the website of the
10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.

Sean Harrington, who heads a legal technology firm, had filed a complaint in
January citing news reports that Nottingham allegedly viewed adult websites on
his government computer in his chambers.

WASHINGTON

Closing arguments heard in Sen. Stevens case

Prosecutors accused Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens on Tuesday of "believing he was
above the law" when he failed to report extravagant gifts, while defense lawyers
said the government skewed skimpy evidence to try and convict an honest man who
was too trusting of a crooked friend. The Senate's longest-serving Republican
senator is charged with lying on Senate financial disclosure forms about
$250,000 in home renovations and other gifts he received from his friend,
millionaire Bill Allen, founder of VECO Corp, an oil pipeline services company
now owned by Denver-based CH2M Hill.

After closing arguments Tuesday, the jury is expected to begin deliberations
today.

Briefly

- Presidential poll: A new Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll gives Democrat
Barack Obama a 10-point edge over Republican John McCain, 52 percent to 42
percent.

- Bush aids GOP: President George W. Bush dashed across Washington Tuesday
evening to raise about $1 million for Senate Republicans, who are lagging behind
the Democrats in fundraising.

- Canine warriors: A new $15 million veterinary hospital for four-legged
military personnel opened Tuesday at Lackland Air Force Base, offering advanced
medical treatment for dogs wounded in combat.

- Torture case: Former Chicago police Lt. Jon Burge was arrested Tuesday on
charges he lied when he denied that he and detectives under his command tortured
murder suspects, federal officials said.

- Senate subpoena: Senate Democrats on Tuesday subpoenaed Attorney General
Michael Mukasey for testimony and documents about the Justice Department's legal
advice to the White House on detention and interrogation policies since the 9/11
terrorist attacks.

- Vick plea: A court official in Surry, Va., says former NFL quarterback Michael
Vick plans to enter a plea next week on state dogfighting charges in Virginia.
Vick is serving a two-year term in a federal prison for dogfighting.

- Biker gang: Dozens of members of the Mongol motorcycle gang were arrested
Tuesday by federal agents in six states following a three-year investigation.
The federal indictment included charges of murder, attempted murder and drug
violations.

- Texas execution: Joseph Ries, who murdered a sleeping man during a burglary,
apologized to his victim's family and sang a hymn before he was executed Tuesday
evening in Huntsville.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PHOTO - Out Standing In Their Field Two work horses wait in a sea of
corn stalks for the driver of their cart on a farm in Troy Township, Ohio, on
Tuesday.  Amy Sancetta | The Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 8, 1998, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A12, NATION BRIEFS COLUMN

LENGTH: 1105 words



NY police must hand over files on misconduct, brutality

Police officials in New York must hand over files on hundreds of officers
suspected of misconduct or brutality, an appeals court has ruled. Public
Advocate Mark Green is entitled to the records "in furtherance of his
independent duties under the New York City charter," the state Supreme Court's
appellate division said in its unanimous decision this week. Green had requested
the files after learning that police officials in the first half of 1996 took no
action on 53 out of 96 police brutality and misconduct cases that were
substantiated or recommended for discipline by an independent review board.
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani's administration said it would appeal the ruling,
according to The New York Times. Green called the court's decision the most
important in the history of the office of Public Advocate.

Family sues over death of patient stung by fire ants

The family of a 66-year-old woman who died after being stung by hundreds of fire
ants in her nursing home bed is suing the home and its pest control company.
Nell Rein was found Aug. 30 covered with ants at Silver Cross Nursing home in
Brookhaven, Miss. She died four days later from heart failure caused by
physiological stress, according to her doctor. State health officials said in
October they found no evidence of negligence. The family's lawyer, Shane
Langston, filed suit Friday in Jackson against the home and Ace Pest Control.
Langston said that the state's report was incomplete and that ants also were
found in other patients' beds at the home.

Music instructor changes gender along with job

After teaching for seven years as a man in public schools in South Dakota and
Minnesota, Alyssa Williams will soon spend her first day in the classroom as a
woman. Williams was not required to reveal she was transgender when she
interviewed as a woman to be music instructor at Roosevelt Middle School in
Blaine, Minn., last August. When officials learned she was transgender, Williams
agreed to go on paid leave until the district could put together a plan to
introduce her. Last week, the district sent letters to parents and presented
Williams to teachers and parents. The 1,400 students will meet her Wednesday.

2 die when plane hits wire, sinks in Washington river

A small plane struck an electricity tower support wire in Vernita, Wash., on
Friday and sank into the Columbia River, killing two federal wildlife employees
on board and critically injuring the pilot. A fisherman in the area reported
that the plane hung on the wire for a few minutes as electricity arced between
the power lines, Grant County Sheriff Bill Wiester said Saturday. The
230,000-volt line was severed as the plane went down, causing power to flicker
over a wide area of south-central Washington. The victims were identified as
James Michael Callow, 50, and Kathleen Mary Cheap, 48. They were employees of
the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service in Umatilla, said Brenda Lincoln, an agency
spokeswoman in Portland, Ore. The pilot, who flew for a charter service, was
identified as Cliff Dyer. He managed to swim to safety and was taken by
helicopter to Central Washington Hospital in Wenatchee.

Bomb scare clears workers from Minnesota Capitol

Gov.-elect Jesse Ventura and many state workers were evacuated from the capitol
building in St. Paul, Minn., after police found a small package signed "the Mad
Bomber" taped to a nearby tree. The words "Impeach Clinton Now" also appeared on
the package. St. Paul's bomb squad retrieved the package with a robot Friday and
later determined it contained no explosives, a Capitol Security officer said.
About 200 employees were forced to leave the capitol for about 1 1/2 hours after
the small package was found. Capitol Security Capt. Patrick Chase said Ventura
was escorted out through a secure route not open to the public. Gov. Arne
Carlson was away from the Capitol. Removal of the package did not go smoothly. A
local television helicopter following the bomb squad was videotaping as the
package bounced around inside the trailer's open, 4-foot-deep containment
cylinder. The device flew out and at least three cars then ran over it.

Father's name will join son's on veterans memorial

A father and son will have their names etched on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial
in Washington. They are the only such family members killed during U.S.
involvement in the Southeast Asian war. The name of Air Force Tech. Sgt. Richard
B. Fitzgibbon Jr., who died in Vietnam in 1956, will be placed on the Vietnam
Veterans Memorial this spring. The name of his son, Marine Lance Cpl. Richard
Fitzgibbon III, is on the memorial. He was killed in action in Vietnam on Sept.
7, 1965. The Pentagon on Friday cited several reasons why the name of the father
had not been placed on the Vietnam memorial. The military's Southeast Asia
casualty database had used Jan. 1, 1961, as its entry date for inclusion. The
change was granted after the Air Force requested a review. In recent years, the
names of eight other pre-1961 casualties have been added to the V-shaped
memorial.

Boy, 14, may have downloaded child pornography

Prosecutors are investigating the case of a Mount Prospect, Ill., teen-ager
suspected of downloading child pornography from the Internet. Police were
alerted by a computer repair company after employees working on the boy's
computer discovered thousands of images that depicted adults and children in
sexual poses and sexual acts. The boy, 14, told investigators he collected the
images. Officials said they would wait until an investigation is completed
before deciding whether to charge the boy.

Bank is accused of freezing assets of Jewish clients

Chase Manhattan Corp., is investigating accusations that it froze accounts of
Jewish clients in Paris during the Nazi occupation, The New York Times reported
Saturday. Chase Manhattan said it was examining whether its Paris office had
been "overly cooperative in providing banking services to Germany during the
Occupation" and whether assets seized by the Nazis and Vichy French regimes were
ever returned. The accounts reportedly were frozen before the Nazis had given
formal orders to do so. Allegations about the New York-based bank's possible
involvement in freezing what it believes were fewer than 100 accounts were first
made recently in a British Broadcasting Corp. program. "If the actions described
by the BBC actually occurred, that would be completely antithetical to the
values we hold dear," said Walter Shipley, Chase's chief executive officer.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (NOTE: The following photo appeared in the Early Five Star
edition only:)
 Photo by the Associated Press - President Bill Clinton boards Marine One
Saturday in Washington on his way to spend the weekend at Camp David, Md.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

'Victory' rallies in Baltimore as US sees paradigm shift in police
accountability;
Public outcry over the death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore police custody has
begun to transform how authorities address allegations of police bias and
misconduct.

BYLINE: Patrik Jonsson Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 982 words


Angry protests turned to joyous rallies in Baltimore on Saturday as criminal
charges lodged against six police officers for the death of a Baltimore man
named Freddie Gray indicated that public outcry has begun to transform how
authorities address allegations of police bias and misconduct.

After prosecutors and grand juries declined last year to indict officers who
killed unarmed black men in Ferguson, Mo., and New York City, the decision by
Baltimore state prosecutor Marilyn Mosby to move quickly to bring the officers
to trial suggested a significant chink in the traditional deference prosecutors
have had for the police version of events. It came a month after prosecutors in
North Charleston, S.C, filed murder charges against a white officer who shot a
black man in the back.

"I think all the events since last August has altered how people think about
police accountability," says Sam Walker, a criminologist at the University of
Nebraska, at Omaha. "We're seeing an emerging set of best practices on how to
ensure that we get the facts of these cases."

Ninety-eight police officers were injured and major fires broke as riots
engulfed parts of Baltimore on Monday, after Mr. Gray's funeral. The streets had
been simmering with protest since Gray's death on April 19, a week after his
neck was broken and his larynx crushed while in Baltimore policy custody. But on
Saturday, a sense of relief imbued planned protests turned into "victory"
rallies.

Rejecting suggestions that Gray somehow hurt himself, Ms. Mosby declared that,
"No one is above the law," as she explained the underlying legal issues
precipitating the charges - that the officers showed reckless disregard for a
citizen in their custody, in part by contributing to his injuries and then
failing to render medical assistance when, handcuffed, he lay prone and
unresponsive in the back of a prisoner transport wagon.

After making eye contact and running from police, Mr. Gray was arrested after a
short chase for possession of a knife. Over the past two weeks, a slow drip of
leaked details, says University of Maryland law professor David Gray, have
pointed toward Gray being targeted for a retributive "rough ride" by the driver
of the wagon, during which the coroner found his head slammed so hard against
the inside of the van that he received fatal injuries.

US Representative Elijah Cummings (D) of Maryland summed up a sense of relief
for many in Baltimore. "It feels good," he told Reuters. "It will take time [to
play out]. But so often there are no charges and the process never begins."

Caesar R. Goodson Jr., a black officer who drove the police van inside which
Gray struck his head against a bolt, was charged with second-degree murder,
which could mean up to 30 years in prison. Mr. Goodson and three other officers
also face involuntary manslaughter charges, while two other officers were
arrested for assault.

All six officers - three black and three white, five men and one woman - posted
bond and were released on their own recognizance.

One major change in approach, legal experts say, is how Mosby made the unusual
move of conducting her own independent probe into Gray's death instead of just
accepting the police department's report on the incident. The charges came just
a day after the police handed over their version of events, as well as the
coroner's report.

Doing a separate investigation is "fairly unusual," says Mr. Walker. "But in
terms of the conduct of Baltimore officers, when you look at what we know about
its recent history, it's not that surprising." In that city and others, he adds,
"There's a lot of well-known history of officers conspiring among themselves to
create a cover story."

To be sure, Mosby's charges also backlit some of the racial dimensions to the
debate over policing tactics. Prosecutors who failed to get indictments filed in
Missouri and New York were white; Mosby is an elected African-American. While
she comes from a family of cops, she ran for election on a platform of
prosecuting police brutality.

"If they weren't police officers, you would probably have expected arrests to
occur immediately, so I think part of [the speed of the prosecution] is trying
to show the community that this is being taken seriously," says Todd Eberly, at
St. Mary's College of Maryland.

At her Friday press conference, Mosby also drew attention to the fact that
officers should never have taken Gray into custody on the pretense that he was
carrying an illegal knife; the small spring-assisted folding knife he had in his
pocket, she said, was in fact legal to have in Baltimore.

That point, too, touched on one of the main complaints that have been raised in
the wake of controversial police killings and the deaths of black men in custody
- that some officers have a tendency to engage trust-wrecking biases when
dealing with suspects on the street.

For example, a Village Voice investigation last year in New York City, where
knife laws are among the strictest in the nation, showed that "Black and
Hispanic suspects make up 86 percent of [knife-related] arrests, and more
revealingly, are nearly twice as likely to be arrested for carrying a knife than
white counterparts who were also carrying knives."

To be sure, some in the city had grave reservations about the speed at which
Mosby filed charges, with one police attorney calling it an "egregious rush to
judgment."

Meanwhile, a massive march planned for Saturday to protest the death of a man in
police custody is now being billed as a "victory rally" after Mosby's
announcement.

Helen Holton, a long-time city council member, told CTV that the charges are "a
defining moment in the future of Baltimore."

"I hate [that Freddie Gray is not here], but to Freddie Gray's legacy, he has
served as the tipping point for us to take a real inside look at what many
people have chosen to ignore," Ms. Holton told the Canadian broadcaster.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved

                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 20, 2007 Friday
                                Regional Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 564 words

Panel Faults Ex-Chief Of Hurricane Center

 MIAMI-- The National Hurricane Center's ousted director "failed to demonstrate
leadership" and should not be allowed to return to his job, according to a team
that investigated the facility's management after staffers rebelled.

The negative atmosphere and lack of trust between former director Bill Proenza
and his staff had jeopardized the center's ability to function, the five-member
group from the Commerce Department said in its report to retired Vice Adm.
Conrad C. Lautenbacher, administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration. The group's conclusions were completed last week and released on
Thursday.

Lautenbacher said retired Air Force Brig. Gen. John J. Kelly Jr., who is
responsible for NOAA's day-to-day operations, will provide a response to the
team's recommendations within two weeks and detail what steps the agency should
take.

Proenza took the post in January and was put on leave on July 7, days after
almost half his staff signed a statement urging federal officials to dismiss
him. Deputy Director Ed Rappaport was named interim chief.

* * *

? CHICAGO --The City Council gave Mayor Richard M. Daley direct command of the
office that investigates police misconduct, hoping to restore public confidence
in a department that has been dogged by a series of embarrassing abuse
allegations. Daley vowed to take control of the Office of Professional Standards
after misconduct  that included two videotaped beatings involving off-duty
officers at bars and the indictments of six officers from the Special Operations
Section on charges such as burglary and armed violence.

? BOISE, Idaho -- The nation's wildfire preparedness was raised to five, its
highest level  as dozens of new fires started in the bone-dry West, including a
rapidly growing blaze on the grounds of the Idaho National Laboratory. Ken
Frederick of the National Interagency Fire Center said new crews were arriving
in the Pacific Northwest from Alaska and the Southeast. About 15,000 U.S.
firefighters are battling nearly 70 fires bigger than 100 acres in 12 states.

? DENVER -- A man who had been quarantined with a drug-resistant form of
tuberculosis for nearly a year was transferred to a hospital in Colorado for
treatment. Robert Daniels, 27, has a multiple-drug-resistant form of TB. He was
placed in a jail ward at Maricopa Medical Center in Phoenix last August under
court order after authorities said that he had endangered others. Daniels was
taken to Denver's National Jewish Medical and Research Center, which specializes
in respiratory diseases.

? NEW YORK -- Two Sept. 11 victims have been identified from bones found in the
past 15 months on a vacant skyscraper's roof and underneath a service road at
Ground Zero, officials said. They are the first to be identified from body parts
recovered in a renewed search for remains missed in the initial cleanup. Their
names were not released upon their families' instructions.

? MEMPHIS -- Some fans wanting a state-issued Elvis Presley license plate are
getting a free ride thanks to an anonymous New Jersey Elvis fan who covered
their $35 fee for the car tag. The state requires 1,000 people to pre-order and
pay the fees for new specialty license plates before it begins production. The
Elvis plate will benefit the Elvis Presley Memorial Trauma Center in Memphis.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Navy to review conduct on vessel

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 154 words


A navy ship ordered home over allegations of misconduct has prompted a second
review - this one focused specifically on HMCS Whitehorse's crew and senior
officers. The review will look at everything from the actions of the senior
leaders on board to the overall situation on the vessel, and comes just days
after Whitehorse returned to Canada.

In a rare move, the head of the Royal Canadian Navy ordered the ship to return
home after crew were involved in three separate incidents of misconduct in San
Diego, Calif. HMCS Whitehorse, a maritime coastal defence vessel, was
participating in RIMPAC 2014, the largest naval exercise in the world. Sources
say the alleged misconduct involved drunkenness and sexual misconduct. In one
instance, a sailor was arrested by San Diego police on allegations of
shoplifting. The review is separate from a larger examination of how to improve
rules governing shore leave for Canadian sailors.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 26, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Ohio City's Police Union Fights U.S. in Brutality Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 41; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 650 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. 25


A federal lawsuit accusing the Columbus police of brutality and other civil
rights violations could become a major test of wills between the government and
the city's police union.

The lawsuit, filed last month by the Justice Department, demands improvements in
the training and supervision of police officers and in the investigation of
civilian complaints against the 1,700-member force.

The city and the Justice Department had reached a tentative settlement, but the
approval of the Columbus Fraternal Order of Police was needed because the
agreement required changes in the officers' contract. The lawsuit was filed the
day after the union rejected the pact.

After a review of 300 complaints that began with 10 black residents of Columbus,
the Justice Department accused the police of roughing up residents and falsely
arresting people who had witnessed police misconduct. Columbus, which is the
state capital, is the nation's 15th-largest city, with a population of 670,000
people. About one-fifth are black.

The city and the Columbus Fraternal Order of Police dispute the accusations .
And the police union has argued that the procedures demanded by the government
would make the city less safe by tying up officers with paperwork.

Cities do not need the federal government telling them how to police their
streets, said the union's president, Bill Capretta. "They didn't do a very good
job at Ruby Ridge or Waco," he said, referring to the deadly standoffs in Idaho
and Texas in 1992 and 1993.

Columbus is the third city to be threatened with a lawsuit under a 1994 law that
allows the Justice Department to sue over an alleged pattern of civil rights
violations by a police department. But Columbus is the first city to fight back.

The two other cities -- Steubenville, Ohio, and Pittsburgh -- reached consent
decrees in which they promised to correct problems in the training, supervision
and discipline of officers.

"We're interested in how we can develop professional policing at every level and
practice and procedure, and how we can do it together," Attorney General Janet
Reno said earlier this month.

David Bayley, a professor of criminal justice at the State University of New
York at Albany, said: "This is going to be very closely watched across the
country because this is the first time that a union's got involved in this way.
It also will really test the powers of the feds to come into local operations
and obtain consent decrees, especially if there's a strong union."

Under the proposed settlement, the city would not have admitted any wrongdoing,
and the police department and individual officers would not have been penalized.
But Mr. Capretta said the new procedures would have been too burdensome. He said
an officer who stopped a motorist to point out a burned-out headlight, for
example, would have to fill out a form giving the driver's race and age and
explaining why he was stopped.

Mr. Capretta also said he was worried that "if you are a person of color or of
another nationality, and you are the only ticket I wrote all month, the only
person I stopped, that could possibly red flag me as a person who picks on
different races of people, even if it's not true."

The union has asked a federal court to let it join the city in defending the
lawsuit, and the city attorney agreed to a limited role for the union. A federal
magistrate will decide after the Justice Department responds.

Law enforcement officers in surrounding Franklin County voted to contribute to a
$2.5 million legal defense fund. For four years, Columbus officers will pay $25
a month and suburban officers and county deputies $10 a month. The national
Fraternal Order of Police has also pledged support.

If the government gets its way, "you've got Big Brother taking over and running
your cities," Mr. Capretta said. "They want to control things."




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company

                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

CU hires lawyers behind Baylor report to investigate Joe Tumpkin response

BYLINE: Sarah Kuta Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 969 words


The University of Colorado has hired two lawyers who specialize in institutional
response to sexual violence and gender-based harassment to investigate how
campus leaders handled  domestic violence allegations against a former assistant
football coach.


Attorneys Leslie Gomez and Gina Maisto Smith, who work for the firm Cozen
O'Connor in Philadelphia, will investigate how Chancellor Phil DiStefano,
Athletic Director Rick George and football coach Mike MacIntyre responded when
they learned of domestic violence allegations against Joe Tumpkin.



 Gomez and Maisto Smith  recently investigated Baylor University and produced a
report showing that the university did not take seriously complaints of women
who had been assaulted by football players. Their investigation resulted in
Baylor firing its football coach, suspending its athletic director and demoting
university president Kenneth Starr.

 "We are looking at what occurred and when, if our policies were violated, or
whether those policies should be modified to better explain the reporting
(requirements)," CU Board of Regents Chair Irene Griego, a Lakewood Democrat,
said in a prepared statement during the regents' meeting Friday.

 Griego's statement comes during the second day of a two-day board meeting held
on the Boulder campus. On Thursday, the regents heard from top Athletic
Department officials for two hours during a public meeting, but the Tumpkin
matter was not discussed.

 The regents then met for several hours during a meeting that was closed to the
public. Griego said earlier this week that she expected the regents to discuss
the Tumpkin situation in private.

 In her statement Friday, Griego said the board was aware that Tumpkin is
accused of abusing his partner over a period of several years during a romantic
relationship.

 "CU's policies set high standards of conduct, including that our employees will
not engage in sexual misconduct or intimate partner abuse and that they will
report misconduct when they learn of it," Griego said.

 She added that the board's decision to postpone a vote on a contract extension
for MacIntyre should not be viewed as a finding of guilt.

 "Let me be clear, in no way should this decision to wait be viewed as an
indication that the Board of Regents has determined that any employee violated a
policy or that any disciplinary action is warranted," Griego said. "We are
simply being prudent."

 She said the regents have heard from citizens across Colorado, but that it
would not be appropriate for them to comment further on the situation.

 Misconduct policies



 This isn't the first time CU has turned to Gomez and Maisto Smith for help.

 In September 2013, the Boulder campus asked the two lawyers to conduct  an
external audit of CU's sexual harassment and sexual assault policies and
procedures, as well as its compliance with Title IX, the federal gender equity
law that prohibits sexual misconduct at colleges and schools.

 The campus requested that audit after the U.S. Department of Education launched
an investigation into the Boulder campus's handling of a sexual assault
complaint. That  investigation is still ongoing.

 Gomez and Maisto Smith made several recommendations for how the Boulder campus
could improve its sexual misconduct policies and procedures.

 In the years since, CU leaders have followed through on many of those
recommendations. In 2014, the campus hired Valerie Simons to be its Title IX
coordinator and created the Office of Institutional Equity and Compliance, of
which she is the executive director.

 The campus has created  several new positions within that office related to
education, prevention and remediation. Simons said she believes  her office is
one of the most robust and comprehensive in the nation.

 The university also recently revised  its system-wide sexual misconduct policy.


 Required to report?



 On Thursday, DiStefano said in an interview with the Camera that he  decided
not to report the allegations against Tumpkin because he didn't believe he had
to, based on his reading of university policy.

 But members of a CU faculty group, who are bound by the same reporting
requirements as the chancellor, say they believe DiStefano and others were
required by that policy to report the allegations.

 And while Simons declined to address this specific case, she told the Camera
earlier this week that campus supervisors are required to report any possible
prohibited conduct.

 Earlier this month,  a report in Sports Illustrated revealed that Tumpkin's
ex-girlfriend told CU football coach Mike MacIntyre on Dec. 9 that Tumpkin had
repeatedly and violently abused her for the last two years. At some point after
that, MacIntyre informed George about the allegations, who in turn informed the
chancellor.

 Tumpkin's ex-girlfriend called MacIntyre again a few days later and left a
message saying she planned to go to the police and seek a restraining order
against Tumpkin.

 Still, MacIntyre chose Tumpkin to call defensive plays in the Buffs' Dec. 29
appearance at the Alamo Bowl.

 Though a judge signed a temporary restraining order against Tumpkin on Dec. 20,
university officials said they didn't see a copy of it until Jan. 6, when a
Camera reporter contacted the department with questions.

 The Athletic Department suspended Tumpkin on Jan. 6 and told him to resign on
Jan. 27. He was arrested on Feb. 1 and later charged with five felony counts of
second-degree assault.

 According  to a police affidavit, Tumpkin's ex-girlfriend told investigators
that he assaulted her more than 100 times over a period of 21 months.

 Sarah Kuta: 303-473-1106, kutas@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/sarahkuta

Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre, left, and assistant coach Joe Tumpkin shout
out instructions during the first half of the Alamo Bowl in San Antonio, Texas,
on Dec. 29.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre, left, and assistant coach Joe
Tumpkin shout out instructions during the first half of the Alamo Bowl in San
Antonio, Texas, on Dec. 29.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved

                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

CU hires lawyers behind Baylor report to investigate Joe Tumpkin response

BYLINE: Sarah Kuta Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 969 words


The University of Colorado has hired two lawyers who specialize in institutional
response to sexual violence and gender-based harassment to investigate how
campus leaders handled  domestic violence allegations against a former assistant
football coach.


Attorneys Leslie Gomez and Gina Maisto Smith, who work for the firm Cozen
O'Connor in Philadelphia, will investigate how Chancellor Phil DiStefano,
Athletic Director Rick George and football coach Mike MacIntyre responded when
they learned of domestic violence allegations against Joe Tumpkin.



 Gomez and Maisto Smith  recently investigated Baylor University and produced a
report showing that the university did not take seriously complaints of women
who had been assaulted by football players. Their investigation resulted in
Baylor firing its football coach, suspending its athletic director and demoting
university president Kenneth Starr.

 "We are looking at what occurred and when, if our policies were violated, or
whether those policies should be modified to better explain the reporting
(requirements)," CU Board of Regents Chair Irene Griego, a Lakewood Democrat,
said in a prepared statement during the regents' meeting Friday.

 Griego's statement comes during the second day of a two-day board meeting held
on the Boulder campus. On Thursday, the regents heard from top Athletic
Department officials for two hours during a public meeting, but the Tumpkin
matter was not discussed.

 The regents then met for several hours during a meeting that was closed to the
public. Griego said earlier this week that she expected the regents to discuss
the Tumpkin situation in private.

 In her statement Friday, Griego said the board was aware that Tumpkin is
accused of abusing his partner over a period of several years during a romantic
relationship.

 "CU's policies set high standards of conduct, including that our employees will
not engage in sexual misconduct or intimate partner abuse and that they will
report misconduct when they learn of it," Griego said.

 She added that the board's decision to postpone a vote on a contract extension
for MacIntyre should not be viewed as a finding of guilt.

 "Let me be clear, in no way should this decision to wait be viewed as an
indication that the Board of Regents has determined that any employee violated a
policy or that any disciplinary action is warranted," Griego said. "We are
simply being prudent."

 She said the regents have heard from citizens across Colorado, but that it
would not be appropriate for them to comment further on the situation.

 Misconduct policies



 This isn't the first time CU has turned to Gomez and Maisto Smith for help.

 In September 2013, the Boulder campus asked the two lawyers to conduct  an
external audit of CU's sexual harassment and sexual assault policies and
procedures, as well as its compliance with Title IX, the federal gender equity
law that prohibits sexual misconduct at colleges and schools.

 The campus requested that audit after the U.S. Department of Education launched
an investigation into the Boulder campus's handling of a sexual assault
complaint. That  investigation is still ongoing.

 Gomez and Maisto Smith made several recommendations for how the Boulder campus
could improve its sexual misconduct policies and procedures.

 In the years since, CU leaders have followed through on many of those
recommendations. In 2014, the campus hired Valerie Simons to be its Title IX
coordinator and created the Office of Institutional Equity and Compliance, of
which she is the executive director.

 The campus has created  several new positions within that office related to
education, prevention and remediation. Simons said she believes  her office is
one of the most robust and comprehensive in the nation.

 The university also recently revised  its system-wide sexual misconduct policy.


 Required to report?



 On Thursday, DiStefano said in an interview with the Camera that he  decided
not to report the allegations against Tumpkin because he didn't believe he had
to, based on his reading of university policy.

 But members of a CU faculty group, who are bound by the same reporting
requirements as the chancellor, say they believe DiStefano and others were
required by that policy to report the allegations.

 And while Simons declined to address this specific case, she told the Camera
earlier this week that campus supervisors are required to report any possible
prohibited conduct.

 Earlier this month,  a report in Sports Illustrated revealed that Tumpkin's
ex-girlfriend told CU football coach Mike MacIntyre on Dec. 9 that Tumpkin had
repeatedly and violently abused her for the last two years. At some point after
that, MacIntyre informed George about the allegations, who in turn informed the
chancellor.

 Tumpkin's ex-girlfriend called MacIntyre again a few days later and left a
message saying she planned to go to the police and seek a restraining order
against Tumpkin.

 Still, MacIntyre chose Tumpkin to call defensive plays in the Buffs' Dec. 29
appearance at the Alamo Bowl.

 Though a judge signed a temporary restraining order against Tumpkin on Dec. 20,
university officials said they didn't see a copy of it until Jan. 6, when a
Camera reporter contacted the department with questions.

 The Athletic Department suspended Tumpkin on Jan. 6 and told him to resign on
Jan. 27. He was arrested on Feb. 1 and later charged with five felony counts of
second-degree assault.

 According  to a police affidavit, Tumpkin's ex-girlfriend told investigators
that he assaulted her more than 100 times over a period of 21 months.

 Sarah Kuta: 303-473-1106, kutas@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/sarahkuta

Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre, left, and assistant coach Joe Tumpkin shout
out instructions during the first half of the Alamo Bowl in San Antonio, Texas,
on Dec. 29.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre, left, and assistant coach Joe
Tumpkin shout out instructions during the first half of the Alamo Bowl in San
Antonio, Texas, on Dec. 29. Lawyers Gina Maisto Smith, left, and Leslie Gomez

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved

                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

CU hires lawyers behind Baylor report to investigate Joe Tumpkin response

BYLINE: Sarah Kuta Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 969 words


The University of Colorado has hired two lawyers who specialize in institutional
response to sexual violence and gender-based harassment to investigate how
campus leaders handled  domestic violence allegations against a former assistant
football coach.


Attorneys Leslie Gomez and Gina Maisto Smith, who work for the firm Cozen
O'Connor in Philadelphia, will investigate how Chancellor Phil DiStefano,
Athletic Director Rick George and football coach Mike MacIntyre responded when
they learned of domestic violence allegations against Joe Tumpkin.



 Gomez and Maisto Smith  recently investigated Baylor University and produced a
report showing that the university did not take seriously complaints of women
who had been assaulted by football players. Their investigation resulted in
Baylor firing its football coach, suspending its athletic director and demoting
university president Kenneth Starr.

 "We are looking at what occurred and when, if our policies were violated, or
whether those policies should be modified to better explain the reporting
(requirements)," CU Board of Regents Chair Irene Griego, a Lakewood Democrat,
said in a prepared statement during the regents' meeting Friday.

 Griego's statement comes during the second day of a two-day board meeting held
on the Boulder campus. On Thursday, the regents heard from top Athletic
Department officials for two hours during a public meeting, but the Tumpkin
matter was not discussed.

 The regents then met for several hours during a meeting that was closed to the
public. Griego said earlier this week that she expected the regents to discuss
the Tumpkin situation in private.

 In her statement Friday, Griego said the board was aware that Tumpkin is
accused of abusing his partner over a period of several years during a romantic
relationship.

 "CU's policies set high standards of conduct, including that our employees will
not engage in sexual misconduct or intimate partner abuse and that they will
report misconduct when they learn of it," Griego said.

 She added that the board's decision to postpone a vote on a contract extension
for MacIntyre should not be viewed as a finding of guilt.

 "Let me be clear, in no way should this decision to wait be viewed as an
indication that the Board of Regents has determined that any employee violated a
policy or that any disciplinary action is warranted," Griego said. "We are
simply being prudent."

 She said the regents have heard from citizens across Colorado, but that it
would not be appropriate for them to comment further on the situation.

 Misconduct policies



 This isn't the first time CU has turned to Gomez and Maisto Smith for help.

 In September 2013, the Boulder campus asked the two lawyers to conduct  an
external audit of CU's sexual harassment and sexual assault policies and
procedures, as well as its compliance with Title IX, the federal gender equity
law that prohibits sexual misconduct at colleges and schools.

 The campus requested that audit after the U.S. Department of Education launched
an investigation into the Boulder campus's handling of a sexual assault
complaint. That  investigation is still ongoing.

 Gomez and Maisto Smith made several recommendations for how the Boulder campus
could improve its sexual misconduct policies and procedures.

 In the years since, CU leaders have followed through on many of those
recommendations. In 2014, the campus hired Valerie Simons to be its Title IX
coordinator and created the Office of Institutional Equity and Compliance, of
which she is the executive director.

 The campus has created  several new positions within that office related to
education, prevention and remediation. Simons said she believes  her office is
one of the most robust and comprehensive in the nation.

 The university also recently revised  its system-wide sexual misconduct policy.


 Required to report?



 On Thursday, DiStefano said in an interview with the Camera that he  decided
not to report the allegations against Tumpkin because he didn't believe he had
to, based on his reading of university policy.

 But members of a CU faculty group, who are bound by the same reporting
requirements as the chancellor, say they believe DiStefano and others were
required by that policy to report the allegations.

 And while Simons declined to address this specific case, she told the Camera
earlier this week that campus supervisors are required to report any possible
prohibited conduct.

 Earlier this month,  a report in Sports Illustrated revealed that Tumpkin's
ex-girlfriend told CU football coach Mike MacIntyre on Dec. 9 that Tumpkin had
repeatedly and violently abused her for the last two years. At some point after
that, MacIntyre informed George about the allegations, who in turn informed the
chancellor.

 Tumpkin's ex-girlfriend called MacIntyre again a few days later and left a
message saying she planned to go to the police and seek a restraining order
against Tumpkin.

 Still, MacIntyre chose Tumpkin to call defensive plays in the Buffs' Dec. 29
appearance at the Alamo Bowl.

 Though a judge signed a temporary restraining order against Tumpkin on Dec. 20,
university officials said they didn't see a copy of it until Jan. 6, when a
Camera reporter contacted the department with questions.

 The Athletic Department suspended Tumpkin on Jan. 6 and told him to resign on
Jan. 27. He was arrested on Feb. 1 and later charged with five felony counts of
second-degree assault.

 According  to a police affidavit, Tumpkin's ex-girlfriend told investigators
that he assaulted her more than 100 times over a period of 21 months.

 Sarah Kuta: 303-473-1106, kutas@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/sarahkuta

Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre, left, and assistant coach Joe Tumpkin shout
out instructions during the first half of the Alamo Bowl in San Antonio, Texas,
on Dec. 29.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colorado head coach Mike MacIntyre, left, and assistant coach Joe
Tumpkin shout out instructions during the first half of the Alamo Bowl in San
Antonio, Texas, on Dec. 29. Lawyers Gina Maisto Smith, left, and Leslie Gomez

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved

                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Sexual misconduct, hazing alleged at Marquette fraternities

BYLINE: By Ashley Luthern Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 359 words


Marquette University's Division of Student Affairs has issued official warnings
to three fraternities following allegations of sexual misconduct and hazing.

The warnings related to allegations of sexual misconduct were given to the
Marquette chapters of Triangle Fraternity, Delta Chi Fraternity and Sigma Phi
Delta. Sigma Phi Delta also was warned for a hazing incident at its fraternity
house.

The warnings were issued April 9, and the university's investigation of the
allegations continues, Marya Leatherwood, Marquette's assistant vice president
for student affairs, said in a statement Tuesday.

The statement doesn't elaborate on the nature of the sexual misconduct and
hazing, nor does it say when the incidents occurred. A university spokesman
noted, however, that the incidents occurred at different times.

An official warning means that if any additional violations occur -- whether a
violation of Greek policies, the university's student code of conduct or
specific fraternity chapters' risk management policies -- all activities by that
fraternity immediately will be suspended pending the conclusion of an
investigation, according to the university statement.

Each alleged incident was immediately reported to the Milwaukee Police
Department and the university's Department of Public Safety for investigation,
officials said. The university investigation of these incidents is continuing.

The Division of Student Affairs, which investigates possible violations of the
student code, has met with the leaders of each chapter and will lead additional
sexual misconduct prevention training for the fraternities.

"We expect all of our students to uphold Marquette's Catholic and Jesuit values
and to contribute to a safe and respectful environment, and we take any
allegation of misconduct extremely seriously," Leatherwood said in the
statement.

All first-year Marquette University students are required to take a
university-sponsored training in sexual violence prevention and bystander
intervention, and efforts have been made to educate the entire campus, officials
said. More than 6,400 students have been trained in the program in the past
three years.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 24, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Police Internal Affairs Duty Is Unpopular, a Survey Shows

BYLINE: By JUAN FORERO

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 657 words


Seven years after the Mollen Commission recommended an overhaul of the New York
Police Department unit that investigates misconduct by officers, a survey of 40
former investigators in the unit found they did not want to be there, a mayoral
panel said yesterday.

The Commission to Combat Police Corruption said that, by and large, the
600-member Internal Affairs Bureau was staffed by officers who did a good job of
investigating allegations of misconduct and brutality. But the officers told the
commission that they were reluctant to receive two-year assignments in the
bureau because of the impression that investigating misconduct could hinder
their chances for promotion and was a de facto pay cut because they earned
little overtime pay.

"Virtually nobody wanted to be there," said Richard J. Davis, chairman of the
commission, which since its creation by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani in 1995 has
issued 19 reports on the department. "They were unhappy about being drafted into
I.A.B. They were anxious for their two years to be over and to be able to leave,
and indeed, generally, they voiced dissatisfaction for their assignments."

In addition, the survey of investigators who left the unit between March 1997
and April 1999 found that the former members had come into the bureau with "a
general sense that working with I.A.B. branded one as a rat," the commission
concluded. Those surveyed also thought before they arrived that Internal Affairs
investigators were lazy and incompetent and that the unit was limited in its
ability to conduct sophisticated undercover operations. Once in the unit, the
officers said, they preferred tasks unrelated to investigating police
misconduct, like working on the team that ferrets out people impersonating
officers.

Charles V. Campisi, chief of Internal Affairs, acknowledged that a bureau
assignment was "not the most popular" one in the department. But he said that
the seven-year effort to select highly qualified commanders and investigators
after the Mollen Commission's findings had improved morale and changed
perceptions.

But critics of the department's efforts to police itself found the survey
troubling. Norman Siegel, director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, said
that "when people don't want to be there, it will be reflected in the quality of
the investigation. Their hearts might not be in it."

City Councilman Sheldon Leffler, chairman of the Council's public safety
committee, said the survey "is somewhat troubling, indicating that more needs to
be done to make it attractive to quality police officers, to retain officers to
be there."

Mr. Davis cautioned, however, against drawing conclusions that Internal Affairs
was ineffective. He stressed that the commission had concluded that "on an
overall basis, I.A.B. is doing a reasonably good job, and it has a difficult
job."

He also said that those who were surveyed looked back on their time in I.A.B. as
productive because they felt they had worked with accomplished investigators and
learned sophisticated investigative techniques.

The findings by the commission came in one of four reports released yesterday
that dealt with Internal Affairs operations. Two other reports, though generally
positive, found that interrogations of officers suspected of misconduct needed
to be improved by introducing better questioning procedures and that the unit's
efforts to secretly test the honesty of officers should employ more realistic
scenarios. The fourth report dealt with administrative issues.

The commission noted that Internal Affairs had been transformed since 1993, when
the Mollen Commission characterized the unit as an ineffective one staffed with
incompetent investigators who regularly botched investigations and, in some
cases, covered up misconduct. The commission recommended a wholesale
restructuring, which led the department to draft top-line investigators and
supervisors into the unit.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company
