
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 21, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

Abuse in Army 'Not That Unusual'; Sexual Misconduct by Trainers Long-Standing
Problem for Military

Dana Priest, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1382 words


The sexual abuse of female trainees by drill instructors at the Aberdeen Proving
Ground is less an anomaly than a part of a long-standing problem with trainers
that the Army has tried, until now, to keep to itself.

While the extent of the problem at the Ordnance Training Center may prove more
systemic than elsewhere, Aberdeen is in no way an isolated case among training
facilities, according to Army officials, court records, and former military
attorneys.

"It's just not that unusual. The Army has known of this problem," said Kerry
Buckey, who was the Army's top defense attorney for the eastern United States
until 1994. "They routinely court-martial people when they catch them."

There are numerous cases of sexual misconduct at many of the Army's larger coed
training facilities, according to base officials. All of the cases were ongoing
before the recent Aberdeen scandal, but are routinely not made public by the
Army.

The Army's Training and Doctrine Command, which is in charge of the training
centers, does not keep centralized records on the problem, said spokesman Harvey
Perritt. He said the command does have records of reported "trainee abuse" at
each training center but he would not release them, citing privacy concerns.

Cases of sexual misconduct include fraternization and consensual sex between
soldiers of different ranks, adultery, sexual harassment, indecent assault,
sodomy and rape.

At Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., one drill instructor was court-martialed for
misconduct this month, six other trainers have been charged with misconduct and
six more members of the training staff have been suspended pending further
investigation. There were six other cases of sexual misconduct at the base this
year and another 15 involving lesser "improper relationships," according to base
officials.

At Fort Jackson, S.C., where the Army sent about 40,000 recruits to basic
training this year, base officials are handling 27 cases of sexual misconduct,
17 of which involve drill instructors.

This summer, at the Army's medical training school at Fort Sam Houston five
drill instructors supervising an end-of-the-year bus trip to Mexico allowed
trainee medics to drink alcohol and some of the sergeants had sex with them
during the outing. Two of the trainers have been discharged and three others
disciplined.

Even the Army's financial school at Fort Benjamin Harrison in Indiana has been
touched by drill instructor impropriety.

At Fort Lee, in Virginia, officials have said they are investigating allegations
of sexual misconduct on the part of a drill sergeant and an instructor but said
they could not provide other information about sexual misconduct cases.

The Army is not the only service that has had problems with trainers. Eight
drill instructors at the Air Force's basic training center at Lackland Air Force
Base in Texas were removed from their positions since 1994 for sexual misconduct
, base officials said.

Sexual misconduct between male drill instructors and female recruits "was the
single, biggest problem we had in the scheme of serious offenses," said Richard
Boller, a retired colonel who was Fort Jackson's staff judge advocate from 1983
to 1987. Even if the sex was consensual, he said, "We saw it as coercive when a
man of higher rank even proposed it to a trainee because of the relative
position of authority he had over her."

While it may be well-known within the Army ranks, it took the sensational
Aberdeen cases to bring a public spotlight on the issue.

Two weeks ago, Army leaders decided to go public with the Aberdeen cases for
fear word of the investigations would leak and "people would accuse us of having
kept it under cover," Gen. Dennis Reimer, the Army chief of staff, said in an
interview last week.

Reimer and other top Army officials said the allegations at Aberdeen were
particularly troublesome because they involved a company commander and repeated
rapes by a drill instructor. Reimer also said he had been concerned with the
findings of a service-wide sexual harassment survey in which many soldiers said
they believed Army commanders did not take the issue seriously.

Fearful that the Army problem would be compared to the Navy's mishandled
Tailhook scandal -- which included an initial Navy whitewash of the incident --
top Army officials have instructed base officials to answer reporters' questions
on the subject and to provide them with information that is generally not made
available in a timely fashion, such as the number of reported incidents at each
base.

Three drill instructors at Aberdeen have been charged with criminal offenses
ranging from fraternization with trainees to rape. Fifteen others have been
suspended pending investigations of a similar nature. Part of the ongoing
investigation includes whether the commanders of the base were negligent in
their duties.

Drill instructors have an unusual hold over their charges. They watch over them
nearly 24 hours a day. The young recruits or trainees are usually isolated from
family and friends and must follow the drill instructors' every command, no
matter how petty or seemingly unjust.

Drill instructors also have unusual opportunities to be alone with their
trainees and not draw attention to the situation. In one case Buckey handled,
for example, the drill sergeant ordered a trainee to her barracks under the
guise of demanding that she do a better job of making up her bunk. Once alone,
he sexually assaulted her.

Drill sergeants also usually have private offices, and it is completely routine
for them to order a trainee to come alone to the office, to close the door and
to "counsel" them on some deficiency. A number of the alleged rapes at Aberdeen
and elsewhere occurred in these offices.

The military justice system has long recognized the unusual authority drill
sergeants have over trainees.

In a 1988 case, Sgt. 1st Class Willie C. Clark ordered a female trainee assigned
to kitchen duties at Fort Jackson to follow him into a small brick shed under
the pretense of finding cleaning supplies. Once there, he closed the door,
positioned himself between her and the door, then assaulted and raped her.

The trainee testified that she was frightened she would be harmed if she fought
him, so she did not physically resist his aggression. The U.S. Court of Military
Appeals upheld his sentence -- dishonorable discharge, seven years in prison and
reduction to the lowest enlisted rank -- in part because it recognized the
inherent power the drill instructors had over the trainee.

In a 1986 case, a drill instructor at a basic training center at Fort Knox, Ky.,
raped the wife of one of his newly married male trainees. He thought he could
get away with it by telling her he would turn her husband in for having been off
base when he was not supposed to be if she resisted or told anyone about the
rape.

He even brought the disciplinary paperwork with him to the woman's house
trailer, where he raped her and tore up the papers just before leaving. The
military jury sentenced Sgt. 1st Class Jeffrey A. Bradley to 24 years in prison.
His chain of command dropped it to eight years.

In appealing the verdict, Bradley's attorney argued that his initial defense
counsel had not tried hard enough to disprove the prosecution's charge that the
women did not consent to sex.

The U.S. Court of Military Appeals would have none of it. The particular
military relationship between a drill instructor and trainee, and its
"implications for the dependent spouse created a unique situation of dominance
and control where explicit threats and displays of force by the military
superior were not necessary" to constitute the crime of rape, they wrote in
their 1989 decision upholding his conviction.

"The military is not a natural environment," said Buckey, who practices military
law as a private attorney in Northern Virginia. "It's hard to figure out how to
get to the point where you can trust the superior to never abuse the power they
have . . . you know, power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely."

Top Army officials have initiated several new inquiries into the extent of
sexual harassment in its ranks, including creating a military-civilian panel to
lead the charge.


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Army defense lawyer Kerry Buckey says the service is aware of
misconduct. "They routinely court-martial people when they catch them."

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Flying unfriendly skies '

LENGTH: 535 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the 9/11
terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't really
making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The 29-page report notes that the nation's largest airports had the highest
rates of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases
in misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly and where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide.

Neglect of duty is described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of
property or life; careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure
to exercise due diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow
procedures." Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is
"integrity and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal
conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland, Calif., allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando,
Fla., taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. And a faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers not only feel safer but also
actually be safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

This editorial appeared on the Orange County Register and distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Flying in the unfriendly, unsafe skies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 525 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the 9/11
terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't really
making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The 29-page report notes that the nation's largest airports had the highest
rates of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases
in misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly and where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide.

Neglect of duty is described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of
property or life; careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure
to exercise due diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow
procedures." Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is
"integrity and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal
conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland, Calif., allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando,
Fla., taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. And a faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers not only feel safer but also
actually be safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

- The Orange County Register, July 17

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2016 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 11, 1996 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Methodists target sexual misconduct New policy says clergy always responsible

BYLINE: Virginia Culver, Denver Post Religion Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 560 words


Rocky Mountain United Methodists have adopted their first detailed procedure to
deal with clergy sexual misconduct cases.

The 1,000 delegates at the weekend meeting of the Rocky Mountain Annual
Conference also nominated the Rev. Ed Paup of Denver to run for bishop. Election
of bishops for the Western United States will be next month in Seattle.

The 11-page clergy misconduct statement, which follows new national church
policies, says misconduct is an "abuse of power in which clergy violate the
trust" between themselves and the church member and "is one of the gravest
violations of this trust."

The statement says that clergy are always responsible for misconduct, even if
initiated by the other person, because the minister is in a position of power or
trust.

The growing number of reported sexual misconduct cases and lawsuits in all
churches has risen in recent years throughout the nation and Colorado. In many
of the cases accusers have been in counseling sessions when the abuse occurred.

For that reason, and because many victims have testified that they feel
powerless to refuse the attentions of a minister, United Methodists have ruled
that clergy must be held accountable for all sexual situations, even if
initiated by the parishioner.

Adopted at the three-day Fort Collins meeting, the statement defines sexual
misconduct, outlines reporting procedures and says both parties - the accused
and the accuser - deserve "sensitive and respectful care." But neither the
accused nor the accuser can depend on total confidentiality, the statement says,
because church officials may need to notify congregations and church boards.

The statement also calls on bishops to transfer cases to a committee on
investigation, which takes it out of the established hierarchy of the
conference. The committee will have seven clergy members and two lay people with
observer status.

Clergy are responsible for avoiding sexual misconduct, establishing appropriate
personal and social boundaries, and should acknowledge their limits in
counseling, the statement says.

Sexual misconduct could be sexual intercourse or any unwanted sexual advance or
demand, either verbal or physical, which is reasonably perceived as demeaning,
intimidating or coercive.

The new policy doesn't call for automatic suspension of clergy accused of
misconduct, but that is always an option, according to Paup. The person could
lose ministerial credentials if found guilty by a church court.

It also allows for church officials to call in outside experts, such as
counselors, and requires that any minister report sexual misconduct of a
colleague if they believe it has occurred.

Paup, who has been assistant to Bishop Mary Ann Swenson of the Denver Area for
three years, will vie for one bishop's chair in the western jurisdiction.

The number of candidates for the opening won't be known until the Jurisdictional
Conference meets in Seattle July 17-20, where 124 clergy and lay people decide
where each bishop will be sent. The July winner could be placed in Seattle; Los
Angeles; Phoenix; Sacramento, Calif.; or even Denver.

Bishops are customarily left in one area for at least four years and often
eight. Swenson has been Denver Area bishop four years and probably wouldn't be
moved. The person elected is never assigned to the city from which he or she
came.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Local VA pushes back after audit: Official 'confident there will be no findings
of misconduct'

BYLINE: Lauren Sage Reinlie, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


June 11--An official with the Veterans Affairs healthcare system said Tuesday he
doesn't believe there has been misconduct at local facilities.

On Monday, the VA inspector general stated auditors found evidence indicating
"suspected willful misconduct" at four of the five facilities that serve
Northwest Florida veterans, including locations outside Eglin Air Force Base and
in Pensacola.

The facilities have been flagged for further investigation.

"I feel confident there will be no findings of misconduct in our system," said
Thomas Brown, associate chief of staff for ambulatory care for the Gulf Coast
Veterans Healthcare System. "I'm not sure that (what the report says) is true."

He noted that during auditors' debriefings they did not mention finding any
misconduct.

To see the full report, click here.

System officials have not yet been made aware of the reasons their facilities
were flagged, he said, though they expect more information soon.

The audit comes on the heels of growing furor over evidence that staff across
the VA system have been attempting to cover up how long patients are waiting for
medical care.

Investigators found 112 facilities where either evidence indicated staff were
using "undesired" scheduling practices or staff reported receiving instructions
to modify scheduling dates.

That includes the clinics outside the gates of Eglin, in Pensacola and in
Mobile, Ala., and the hospital in Biloxi, Miss. Panama City was the only
facility in that was not flagged for further review in the Gulf Coast system,
which serves over 56,000 veterans.

Congressman Jeff Miller, the Republican from Northwest Florida and Chairman of
the House Veterans Affairs committee, told the Daily News that the VA has been
clear that inclusion on the list of flagged facilities does not necessarily
indicate wrongdoing.

"I am hopeful that the issues that are systemic throughout the country do not in
fact happen in Pensacola or at Eglin," said Miller.

He said he will await more information about what the auditors found at the
local facilities and the results of further investigation to determine what
changes need to be made locally.

Nationwide though, he believes criminal charges are warranted in some cases.

The VA reported to his committee Monday the recent deaths of at least 23
veterans have been linked to delays in VA care.

Contact Daily News Staff Writer Lauren Sage Reinlie at 850-315-4443 or
lreinlie@nwfdailynews.com Follow her on Twitter @LaurenRnwfdn.

___ (c)2014 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140611-FO-Local-VA-pushes-back-after-audit-Official-confident-there-will-be-no
-findings-of-misconduct-0611-20140611

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2014 Northwest Florida Daily News


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Their view;
Flying the unfriendly skies

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 527 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the 9/11
terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't really
making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The 29-page report notes that the nation's largest airports had the highest
rates of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases
in misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly and where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide.

Neglect of duty is described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of
property or life; careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure
to exercise due diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow
procedures." Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is
"integrity and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal
conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland, California, allegedly helping to smuggle 100
kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando, Florida, taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals
through a checkpoint without questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. And a faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers not only feel safer but also
actually be safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

-- The Orange County Register

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

A damning report about airport security

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 531 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

The big worry for Southern Californians may be an item, on pages 9 and 10 ofthe
29-page report, noting that the nation's largest airports had the highest rates
of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases in
misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark (N.J.) International and Boston Logan International.

But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly, where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures." Another of
the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity and ethics,"
which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland allegedly helping to smuggle 100 kilograms of
marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an officer in Orlando
taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a checkpoint without
questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

The picture is of what Homeland Security Committee Chairman Scott Perry, R-Pa.,
called the failure of "TSA's big-government, bureaucratic response" to
misconduct.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 24, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

N.H.L. CONFLICT: NEW RULES, OLD HABITS

BYLINE: By PARTON KEESE

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 788 words


Seen a good bench-clearing brawl at a National Hockey League game lately?
Probably not, and the reason is clear: the stiff new rules this season.

Remember the scene? Two players grow angry, drop their gloves and sticks, and
start fighting. The other players pair off, and, while the linesmen are
attempting to break up the original fight, other battles break out. If any one
player seems to have an edge, then the players on the bench leap over the boards
to join in.

It has not been happening so much this year because of a piece of legislation,
called Rule 54, that was passed by the league's board of governors during the
offseason. Rule 54 provides in part:

- That when a fight breaks out between two players, the other players on each of
the competing clubs must go to a designated area, called the neutral zone, away
from the fight. If they do not, they face a bench minor penalty.

- That any player who removes a glove or drops his stick and is not part of the
original altercation receives a 10-minute misconduct penalty.

- That any individual failing to leave the area receives a 10-minute misconduct
penalty, or a game misconduct, if considered the instigator in a fight.

- That a second misconduct penalty, plus subsequent misconducts, will result in
suspensions beyond the suspension assessed for the first misconduct.

The league also came to the aid of its beleaguered officials with other new
rules, including: A player who persists in continuing a fight after being
ordered to stop can receive further misconduct penalties, a minor penalty and a
fine.

But, although the multiplayer brawling has been reduced, the delays associated
with the brawling have not. Because the players have been slow to adapt entirely
to the new rules, there has been an increase, rather than a decline, in penalty
minutes.

The number of penalty minutes incurred in the first two weeks of play averaged
14 minutes more a game than last season, rising from 30 to 44. The Rangers,
whose total penalty minutes after six games in 1979-80 totaled 103, had 165
after the same number of games this season, mostly because of seven misconduct
penalties that were assessed to players who failed to move away from a fight.
Wednesday night, in the Rangers' seventh game, they and the Vancouver Canucks
were assessed a total of 154 minutes, a figure that included nine 10-minute
misconduct penalties resulting from the new regulations.

As adjustment has come hard for some players, misunderstanding has grown among
the fans. And referees, ordered to enforce the regulations strictly, have been
accused of overreacting.

In a season opener between the Detroit Red Wings and the Los Angeles Kings, a
fight broke out, and the players, as was their custom, stood around to watch
protectively instead of moving to their respective neutral zones. Included in
the cast of penalized players was Marcel Dionne, a former Lady Byng Trophy
winner for good sportsmanship, who, without laying a glove on anyone, picked up
26 minutes. The most penalty minutes Dionne had previously incurred in an entire
season was 38.

''I told the fellas before the season,'' said Scotty Morrison, the N.H.L.'s
referee-in-chief, ''that they were going to have to discipline themselves to
move away if a fight broke out. It's strange, it's new, but you're just going to
have to get the hell out of there and let the linesmen break it up.''

Said Mike Griffin, the league's assistant statistician: ''Because the players
are not used to moving away and still clutch and grab and almost automatically
drop their gloves and sticks when they see someone else fighting, they are being
hit with more penalties than ever. As soon as everyone grows accustomed to the
changes, though, the penalties should come down again.''

But the delays seem as long as ever. Instead of time spent as players fight all
over the ice or pick up their equipment afterward, the delays now come while the
referee determines who should be penalized for what and for how long.

The fans are also screaming. In another early game, a simple tussle between two
or three players, though quickly broken up, brought 108 minutes in penalties,
mostly to bystanding players who hadn't known what they were supposed to do and
had dropped their sticks in the traditional manner.

''I looked down at our penalty box one game and saw 15 players crammed in
there,'' a Colorado Rockies fan said. ''Now, isn't that ridiculous?''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of a fight between a New York Rangers player and a
Vancouver Canuck

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 27, 1991, Wednesday, Final Edition

Kordic's Gesture Earns Suspension

Dave Sell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: BAYONNE, N.J., Feb. 26, 1991


John Kordic, reinstated by the Washington Capitals last week after a suspension
that followed his admission he is an alcoholic, received a one-game suspension
from the NHL today as the result of an obscene gesture he made to hecklers
during the Capitals' 5-1 loss to the New Jersey Devils Monday night.

Kordic was given a game-misconduct penalty. Since it is his third game-
misconduct of the season, he was automatically suspended for the following game,
which will be Wednesday night against the New York Rangers at Madison Square
Garden.

The Capitals also will play without Peter Bondra, who, against the Devils,
reinjured the troublesome left shoulder that sidelined him for seven games and
could keep him out for another week.

Kordic, whose troubles have been well-documented, was heckled for much of the
evening, which is nothing new. Kordic said some fans at Brendan Byrne Arena spit
at him as the Capitals were leaving the ice at the end of the second period.

"It was stupid on my part," Kordic said today after practice at Bayonne High
School. "But when you're losing, 5-1, after two periods and some fan [spits on
you], you'd get a little hot too."

Kordic was upset because immediately after the game he said he was told by John
D'Amico, the officiating supervisor, that the penalty was a gross misconduct and
not a game misconduct. A gross misconduct would have allowed him to play against
the Rangers.

D'Amico could not be reached for comment, but the mix-up appeared to stem from
the conversation in the hallway after the game. The penalty had been announced
as a game-misconduct, and Bryan Lewis, the NHL's director of officiating, said
that is exactly what referee Paul Stewart called. Rule 68(a) stipulates a game-
misconduct penalty for obscene gestures.

"It always seems like I get the short end of the stick," Kordic said.

"I appreciate his intensity and that he is trying to fire guys up," Coach Terry
Murray said. "But in that situation, it does hurt the team, it does hurt him and
it does look bad. He's got to control his emotions. Fans, historically, are on
the opposition. When they are booing, you have to take it as a compliment."

With Kordic suspended and Bondra added to the team's long injury list, the
Capitals decided to call up forward Steve Maltais from Baltimore. General
Manager David Poile said he would wait until after the Skipjacks game tonight
against Adirondack to make the move.

The Devils' Brendan Shanahan was called for slashing on the play in which Bondra
hurt his shoulder, although Bondra did not attribute the injury to the slash.
Poile said he hasn't decided whether to ask the league to review the slash.

Meanwhile, defenseman and team captain Rod Langway, who decided just before game
time that he was in too much pain to play against the Devils, took part in
today's optional practice, but he may not know until Wednesday's warm-ups if he
will play. Defenseman Mike Lalor was to arrive in New York tonight. He missed
Monday's game because his wife, Leanne, gave birth to their second child,
MacLean.

The loss to the fourth-place Devils dropped the fifth-place Capitals five points
back in the race for the Patrick Division's final playoff spot.

Murray said he needs "a big performance" from goalie Mike Liut, who relieved
Hrivnak after the score went to 4-1 Monday and will start against the Rangers.

The Capitals did not throw nearly as many checks Monday as in their previous two
games, a win and a comeback tie. Dino Ciccarelli said the players were cautioned
about taking dumb penalties, lest they have to try to kill as many (seven) as in
Sunday's 5-5 tie with Pittsburgh. The penalties were down, but so was the
forechecking.

"We should be able to play a bump-and-grind style without taking penalties,"
Kelly Miller said.

The Capitals seem to have several pesonalities as a team, but Miller is not
shocked by that.

"The team is still struggling to find its identity," he said. "When you go
through a season with a lot of changes, that's going to be a problem. We're
still figuring out how to work together. Hopefully, we can get it together
before time runs out."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 21, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 404 words

Report: Legal claims against police down
The number of legal claims accusing New York City police officers of using
excessive force or other misconduct dropped by 26 percent over the past year,
according to city statistics.

The number had increased for five consecutive years. But the 1,766 claims filed
over a 12-month period ending in June was a significant drop from the 2, 386 a
year earlier.

The change comes in the aftermath of the police shooting of unarmed immigrant
Amadou Diallo and the torture of another immigrant, Abner Louima.

Police officials credited the reductions to improvements in training and reforms
in the disciplinary process that had changed attitudes and made officers wary of
misconduct.


Park tourists evacuated as crews battle wildfire
Fire crews called in reinforcements today to battle a wildfire that roared
across tinder-dry mesas and canyons, forcing the evacuation of about 1,000
tourists from Mesa Verde National Park, Colo. Officials closed the park Thursday
as the erratic fire, apparently caused by lightning, grew from 50 acres to 500
acres in about three hours. No injuries were reported and the park's Pueblo
Indian ruins were not damaged, U.S. Forest Service fire management officer Mark
Lauer said. About 400 firefighters were expected to battle the blaze today.

Police officer disciplined over T-shirt sales
A Philadelphia narcotics officer who sold $ 10 T-shirts joking about the rough
arrest of a carjacking suspect will be disciplined along with two police
captains, The Philadelphia Inquirer reported today. ''Welcome, America'' was
printed on the back of the shirts in bright blue, two-inch-high letters. A
black-and-white picture shows the swarm of officers beating Thomas Jones. The
narcotics officer, Kenyatta Lee, is being moved to a desk job, the newspaper
said.

Shooting of suspect in police chase probed
A police officer in Omaha, Neb., shot a suspected car thief to death at the end
of a high-speed chase, apparently firing at the unarmed black man within seconds
after getting out of his cruiser, authorities said. When asked why Officer Jared
Kruse shot 35-year-old George Bibins on Wednesday morning, Police Chief Don
Carey said Thursday, ''That's the crux of the investigation. We can't put our
finger on the justification." Bibins was inside the Jeep when he was shot and
died of a single gunshot to the upper torso, Carey said.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

UPDATED: Sjodin's killer raises question of juror misconduct in death penalty
trial

BYLINE: Steve Wagner, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 583 words


Aug. 06--The man sentenced to death for the 2003 kidnapping and murder of Dru
Sjodin is claiming juror misconduct during his trial.

Next month, a federal judge is set to hear arguments related to a 2011 motion by
attorneys for Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. His lawyers filed a habeas corpus motion
outlining reasons the former Crookston man should not be executed and now appear
to claim juror misconduct during his trial.

Rodriguez, 62, remains on death row at a federal maximum security prison in
Terre Haute, Ind.

The court docket shows Rodriguez's attorneys are claiming juror misconduct, but
documents detailing the allegation, including prosecutors' response to it, are
sealed in advance of a Sept. 8 hearing before U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson
in Fargo.

A single docket entry from June notes prosecutors responding to "alleged juror
misconduct." The paperwork responds to documents filed by defense attorneys in
March.

Attorneys for Rodriguez also are requesting "temporary and partial closure" of
the upcoming court hearing, which was set to address the pending habeas corpus
motion, considered a last resort appeal to overturn Rodriguez's death sentence.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his earlier appeals.

In the latest arguments, death penalty attorneys claim Rodriguez didn't receive
effective counsel at trial, was insane at the time of the crime and that he is
mentally diminished, making him ineligible for the death penalty.

Richard Ney, a death penalty expert, was among the defense attorneys appointed
to represent Rodriguez before and during the 2006 trial. Ney and West Fargo
attorney Robert Hoy, a former Cass County state's attorney, filed a litany of
motions prior to the trial, including claims Rodriguez was mentally diminished.

In 2003, Rodriguez stabbed and kidnapped Sjodin, a Pequot Lakes, Minn., native
attending UND, while she talked on a cellphone in a Grand Forks mall parking
lot. An extensive search ensued, and five months later she was found dead in a
rural ravine near Crookston.

A jury of seven women and five men unanimously convicted Rodriguez, a known sex
offender with a 32-year history of attacking women, and recommended he should be
put to death by lethal injection.

The trial marked the first-ever federal death penalty case in North Dakota,
which abolished the state's capital punishment law in 1973. The death sentence
also marked the first time in more than 90 years that a defendant had been
ordered to death in any case within the state.

The Rodriguez trial featured three phases: guilt, eligibility for the death
penalty and the sentence.

In the final phase, it took three votes for jurors to reach a unanimous verdict
to recommend the death penalty sentence, which Erickson later ordered to be done
in South Dakota.

Afterward, juror Arlys Carter said the first two votes came back 11-1 for death,
with one person being a "question mark." A third vote brought the unanimous
decision.

"I think he changed his mind on his own," Carter said at the time. "He wouldn't
have gone along with the group."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Keith Reisenauer said Thursday he could not comment
about the pending motion and claims.

"Until I know what's going on, I'm not going to comment," said Luke Lillehaugen,
one of the jurors for the trial. Attempts to reach nine of the other were
unsuccessful Thursday.

___ (c)2015 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150806-GF-UPDATED-Sjodin-s-killer-raises-question-of-juror-misconduct
-in-death-penalty-trial-0806-20150806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2015 Grand Forks Herald


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Dolan's Virginia Business Observer (Norfolk, VA)

                              July 15, 2002 Monday

State bar schedules disciplinary hearings for Va. attorneys

BYLINE: Susanne Williams

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


The Virginia State Bar has scheduled disciplinary hearings for 16 Virginia
attorneys, including eight from Hampton Roads.

Public Disciplinary Board:

. Andrea Kimberly Amy-Pressey, Williamsburg, misconduct, Sept. 26. In March
2000, the bar had issued a public reprimand to Amy-Pressey for misconduct in a
settlement matter.

. David Thomas Daulton, Norfolk, misconduct, Sept. 27.

. Robert Dean Eisen, Norfolk, misconduct, Nov. 22.

. Arthur C. Ermlich, Virginia Beach, misconduct, Sept. 27. In October 2001, the
bar had suspended Ermlich's license for 30 days after the attorney admitted he
had failed to perfect a client's appeal of a criminal conviction and to inform
his client of the appeal's status.

. Robert L. Petersen, Williamsburg, misconduct, July 27.

Public Three-Judge Circuit Court Hearing:

. Paul D. Bradsher, Norfolk, misconduct, Norfolk Circuit Court, Oct. 4.

. Linda Lea Kennedy, Portsmouth, misconduct, Portsmouth Circuit Court, Aug. 29
and 30.

. Steven Jay Marsey, Virginia Beach, misconduct, Virginia Beach Circuit Court,
Sept. 5.

Disciplinary Matters Have Not Been Scheduled for Board Hearings for:

. William J. Dougherty, Newport News, crime.

. Luther Cornelius Edmonds, Norfolk, crime. In April this year, the bar had
imposed a six-month suspension of the former judge's license for having
presented unwarranted claims on behalf of his client in a suit against a judge.
It also issued a public reprimand for unwarranted claims in a suit against
Norfolk judges, the Judicial Inquiry Review Commission and others.

. Patricia Maria Wright, Portsmouth, misconduct. In June, Wright had consented
to an interim suspension of her license, pending a bar investigation on her
disability claim.

Disciplinary Matters Have Not Yet Been Scheduled for a Three-Judge Court
Hearings for:

. Francis Sullivan Callahan, Norfolk, misconduct. In February last year, the bar
had suspended the attorney's license after he had pleaded guilty to possession
of the drug Ecstasy. A month later, it reinstated the license because Callahan
had pleaded guilty under Virginia's first-time offender status.

. William McLeod Ferguson III, Portsmouth, appeal.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 22, 1995, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF;
Ethics feud over Packwood grows, reaches Senate floor

BYLINE: Compiled by Ernie Freda

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 501 words


Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Calif.) promised again Friday to force a vote to require
public ethics hearings for Sen. Bob Packwood (R-Ore.) on allegations of sexual
and official misconduct.

Ethics Committee Chairman Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) rose several hours later and
repeated the Republican warning to investigate Democratic misconduct. McConnell
has refused to convene the committee to deliberate on the Packwood issue.

Republicans have said repeatedly over the past two weeks that, if Boxer refused
to back off, they would amend her proposal to also require hearings on Sens.
Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.) and Minority Leader Tom Daschle (D-S.D.).

The references were to the drowning of a woman in a car driven by Kennedy and to
allegations that Daschle tried to eliminate a government charter inspection
program at the request of a friend's air charter company. The Kennedy incident
happened in 1969, the same year as the first sexual misconduct allegation
against Packwood.

ARKANSAS DEFECTORS: The two most important Arkansas financial sponsors of
President Clinton's political career - Don Tyson of Tyson Foods Inc. and the
powerful Stephens banking family of Little Rock - have turned their back on the
Clinton re-election effort and are supporting Sen. Bob Dole (R-Kan.). In 1992,
both the Tyson and Stephens companies and dozens of their senior executives
raised more than $ 150,000 for Clinton and supplied loans.

SAY IT AGAIN

"I just find hair fun because it's one part of your body that you can change. I
can't be any taller. I can't get perfect eyesight. But I can do just about
anything I want with my hair. Maybe it's like a post- Industrial Age metaphor -
you know, gain a certain control of your life again." - First lady Hillary
Rodham Clinton, on why she changes her hairstyle so often, in a Washington Post
interview.

COMING UP

TOMORROW: Sen. Paul Coverdell (R-Ga.) addresses 500 law enforcement officers at
the annual Georgia Association of Police Chiefs conference in Savannah. MONDAY:
Senate committee holds hearing on child pornography on the Internet. . . .
Coverdell address 2,500 county commissioners from across the country at their
national convention in Atlanta.

MR. SPEAKER

Weekend schedule for House Speaker Newt Gingrich of Georgia (all times local):

TODAY

4:30 p.m.: Addresses the annual Bohemian Grove men-only retreat in Monte Rio,
Calif.

TOMORROW
Morning, early afternoon: Travels to San Francisco and Sacramento.
Late afternoon: Flies to Des Moines, Iowa.

>SPONSORS ON BOARD: To help pay for its two-day conference on "Cyberspace and
the American Dream II" in Aspen, Colo., next month, the Progress & Freedom
Foundation, the think tank closely tied to Gingrich, reportedly is hitting up
corporations and groups for money. National Journal reported that contributors
of $ 25,000 and $ 50,000 become co- sponsors. The publication says BellSouth,
Microsoft and the Center for the New West think tank have chipped in so far.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             financialplanning.com

                                   March 2016

Broker Misconduct Is Worse than We Thought: Ritholtz

BYLINE: Barry Ritholtz

SECTION: IDEA EXCHANGE; Pg. 1 Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 649  words


Bad brokers don't leave the business; they just move on to a different firm.

That is one of the key findings of a study of broker misconduct by professors at
the business schools of the University of Chicago and University of Minnesota.
The study, "The Market for Financial Adviser Misconduct," reviewed broker
disciplinary records from 2005 to 2015 stored in FINRA's BrokerCheck database,
covering almost 4,000 securities firms employing about 640,000 brokers.

What the study found was that misconduct that resulted in disciplinary action
was widespread, with one in 13 brokers having a misconduct-related disclosure in
their FINRA files.

There is no other way to put this: That's just astonishing. To their credit,
many brokerages try to take appropriate action. AsBloomberg Newsreported, "
Misconduct isn't left unchecked by financial firms. About half of advisors found
to have committed misconduct are fired."

My colleague Michael Batnick plowed through the 60-page report to pull more data
from the study. Here are some of his findings:

About a third of brokers with misconduct records are repeat offenders. Past
offenders are five times more likely to engage in misconduct than the average
advisor, even compared with other advisors in the same firm at the same point in
time. Brokers working for firms whose executives and officers have records of
misconduct are more than twice as likely to engage in misconduct. Almost half of
the brokers who engage in misconduct in a given year don't keep their jobs into
the next year. However, almost half of the brokers (44%) who lost their jobs due
to misconduct found employment in the industry within a year. Among currently
registered brokers, 7.6% engaged in misconduct at least once. Of those, 38%
repeat offenders.

Perhaps most dispiriting of all is that misconduct is even more common in
counties filled with wealthy, elderly people. For example, the study found that
of the "5,278 advisors in Palm Beach, Florida, 18.1% have engaged in misconduct
."

These numbers become even more astounding once you understand the standards of
conduct for brokers. After all, FINRA only requires brokers to adhere to the
suitability standard, meaning it can be fine to recommend products that are most
rewarding for the broker. The tougher, better benchmark is the fiduciary
standard, which requires someone to put the client's interests ahead of their
own. That makes me imagine what would happen if the fiduciary standard were
applied to all brokers, as it will be later this year for those brokers dealing
with retirement accounts. If that were the case, I think the rate of bad
behavior would be shown to be even higher than it is in this report.

How is it possible that despite all of this readily available public information
about bad broker behavior, investors continue to get abused? Two possible
answers are that the information is much less easily accessible than we
imagined, and that the marketplace for financial advice is terribly inefficient.

This isn't a minor concern. Bad brokers cost investors billions of dollars a
year, and much of the losses are never recovered because of the financial
industry's private justice system. Just how much investor money is lost due to
broker misconduct is, sadly, unknown. But we do have some idea of how much
ethically dubious but legal behavior -- such as conflicts of interest -- costs
investors: about $17 billion each year, according to a recent White House
report.

One of the central rules of economics is that incentives matter. One way we can
improve the behavior of brokers and others is to alter the incentives by
simplifying the rules they must follow, and by raising the standards of conduct.
The fiduciary standard accomplishes both and should be the guiding criterion for
the industry.

Read more:

     ·    Trusting Advisors Just Got Harder
     ·    Has Robo Advertising Lost Its Snark?
     ·    Morgan Loses Big Producer to Stifel




URL: http://www.financial-planning.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: IAGROUP_BLOG


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Bruins' Jacobs new NHL chairman; Takes over board from Flames' Hotchkiss

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F2

LENGTH: 569  words


Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs is the new chairman of the NHL's board of
governors.

At a meeting in New York on Wednesday, the board also elected Tom Hicks of the
Dallas Stars as vice-chairman.

Jacobs replaces Harley Hotchkiss, the Calgary Flames owner who was chairman
since 1995.

The board also approved minor rule changes that will take effect in the 2007-08
season, including:

- All faceoffs must be conducted at one of the nine dots painted on the rink.
Previously, there were instances where it was up to a referee's discretion where
a faceoff would occur following a stoppage in play.

- Referees will be allowed to assess a major penalty and a game misconduct when
an injury results from an act of interference. Previously, only a minor penalty
could be assessed for interference.

- A player will be awarded a penalty shot if he is fouled on a clear breakaway
outside his defensive zone. Previously, a penalty shot was awarded only when a
player on a clear breakaway was fouled on the attacking side of the centre line.

- The term "gross misconduct" has been eliminated from the rule book. Any act
that would have been assessed a "gross misconduct" penalty will now be a "game
misconduct" penalty. Accumulated game misconducts will lead to fines or
suspension.

The board also discussed the salary cap for 2007-08, which is expected to be
between $48 million and $50 million US.

Members of the board were also given an update on the proposed sale of the
Nashville Predators to Jim Balsillie, the billionaire businessman from
Kitchener-Waterloo, Ont. No vote took place on the pending sale.

HULL JOINS STARS: Brett Hull is leaving the broadcast booth to return to an
"expanded role" with the Dallas Stars.

Hull's stint as an NHL analyst with NBC is over after one year, after Stars
general manager Doug Armstrong offered Hull a new position with the team.

"He will definitely have an expanded role in hockey operations, but we're not
sure what that role will be," Stars president Jim Lites told the Dallas Morning
News. "Plus, we're not sure what he will continue to do in marketing or
broadcasting."

Hull, who was prominent in NBC's weekly game coverage and during the Stanley Cup
final, couldn't continue with the network after rejoining the Stars, which would
create a conflict of interest.

TROTZ UPBEAT ON PREDS: After the Nashville Predators sell-off of Kimmo Timonen
and Scott Hartnell this week -- and the expected departures of Peter Forsberg
and Paul Kariya -- pundits are predicting much gloom and doom for the club next
season.

That's news to coach Barry Trotz.

"A lot of teams might be devastated if they were to lose the number of free
agents that we might, but we're still in pretty good shape," Trotz told the
Tennessean newspaper.

A sale is pending on the team, which still has experienced forwards Jason
Arnott, J.P. Dumont, Martin Erat, David Legwand and Steve Sullivan under
contract, and potential star Alexander Radulov is waiting in the wings.

whl playoff format shift: The Western Hockey League is shaking up its
first-round playoff format.

For the past six seasons, the league has used divisional seedings to determine
first-round opponents. But in a move to mirror the NHL, the WHL will now employ
a conference-wide format.

Division winners will automatically be rewarded with the top two first-round
seedings, while playoff position Nos. 3 through 8 will be determined via
regular-season point totals.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: BRETT HULL: Leaves NBC broadcast booth for front-office post. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 10, 1995, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

POLICE UNDER SIEGE;
Nationwide, officers take a self-inflicted beating;
Corruption charges: From Atlanta to L.A., it's questionable that juries will
continue to trust police.

BYLINE: Don Melvin; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 1269 words


The reputation of law enforcement across the nation has seemed in recent days to
be lying prostrate on the ground. Above it, batons raised, inflicting injury
after injury, stand police officers themselves.

From Los Angeles to Atlanta, from Waco, Texas, to Ruby Ridge, Idaho, the public
is pelted almost daily with allegations of malfeasance by those assigned to
uphold the law.

The charges include corruption, racism, excessive use of force, even murder by
those whose job it is to keep us safe from murderers.

"I'm retired now going on five years after 30 years," said Morton Feldman,
executive vice president of the American Federation of Police. "I don't know
offhand that I can think of a time when this many incidents were being covered
at once."

The resulting loss of public confidence may make it more difficult for
prosecutors to win convictions, experts say - unless the defendants themselves
are police officers.

But the attention drawn to police misconduct may also result in better
screening, training, counseling and salaries for law enforcement officers, say
people in the field.

Whatever the reason, observers say they cannot remember a time when law
enforcement bore the brunt of so much bad news at once.

7 Atlanta officers arrested
Consider these recent developments:

- Seven Atlanta police officers were arrested Wednesday and charged with
corruption. The arrests came shortly after the conclusion of the final cases in
the metro area's "bad cops" ring, which saw nine officers from various
departments convicted of charges ranging from robbery to murder.

- In Gwinnett County, former police officer Michael Harold Chapel was convicted
Friday of robbing and murdering a woman who reported a burglary to him.

- In Cumming, veteran police officer James David Sweeney surrendered Wednesday
to face a felony murder charge in the July 27 flashlight beating of a fleeing
DUI suspect. Two days later, Chief Wayne Lindsey resigned after city officials
learned he had been charged with drunken driving in North Carolina.

- In Los Angeles, tapes of retired police detective Mark Fuhrman's casual racism
and boasts of evidence-tampering were aired at the O.J. Simpson murder trial.
Asked under oath whether he had planted or manufactured evidence in the Simpson
case, Fuhrman asserted his constitutional right not to incriminate himself.

- Investigators in New Orleans have said that Officer Victor Gant, who remains
on the police force in an administrative post, is a suspect in two murders. FBI
agents say the two murders are among 24 committed by the same person. In the
last year, two other officers, in separate cases, have been charged with murder.
One of the victims was a fellow officer.

- In Philadelphia, six officers have pleaded guilty to corruption. Officials say
more officers, including some from the Highway Patrol, may be charged. At least
42 criminal convictions have been overturned, and another 1,000 are under
review.

- Congress is holding hearings on two confrontations in which excessive force by
federal agents has been alleged: the 1993 storming of the Branch Davidian
compound near Waco, Texas, in which more than 80 people died; and a 1992 siege
at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, that resulted in the death of a U.S. marshal and the wife
and 14-year-old son of white separatist Randy Weaver.

And that is just a partial list. Other investigations are being conducted in New
York, Washington and elsewhere.

Barr blames drug money

Experts differ on whether the incidents are similar. Feldman points out that the
cases occurred at different times, but are all getting news coverage now either
because of congressional hearings or because the investigations matured at this
time.

U.S. Rep. Bob Barr (R-Ga.), a former U.S. attorney, said the incidents emphasize
the lure of drug money for financially strapped officers, the need for better
training, and, in the Waco and Ruby Ridge cases, the arrogance of federal power.

However bad the cases are, police officials stress that they involve only a tiny
fraction of all officers.

"There are 36,000 officers in Georgia, working every day," said John Garner,
director of certification for the Georgia Peace Officer Standards & Training
Council. "But when an officer does something wrong, it's front- page news."

Nonetheless, those few do tremendous damage. Of most concern to many officials
and lawyers is that jurors nationwide may now be more reluctant to believe
police officers when they testify.

John Whetsel, chief of police in Choctaw, Okla., and president of the
International Association of Chiefs of Police, is incensed that Fuhrman took the
Fifth Amendment regarding whether he had ever manufactured or planted evidence.

"That was taken in front of potential jurors for years to come," Whetsel said.

Fulton County District Attorney Lewis Slayton said his prosecutors began last
week to draft questions to identify jurors disinclined to believe police
officers.

"Right now, we're having a lot of trouble getting jurors," he said. "They're
looking at the policeman like he's not telling it all, like he didn't do
everything he's supposed to do. They're suspicious."

Defense lawyers' view differs
Defense lawyers agree, though they phrase it differently.

"Jurors are coming to know that police officers are no longer on a pedestal,"
said Don Samuel, president of the Georgia Association of Criminal Defense
Lawyers. "It's no longer going to be - when it's a defendant's word against a
police officer's - the jury automatically believes the police officer. You may
very well get acquittals where you would have gotten a conviction before."

But Jerry Froelich, a prominent defense lawyer, said it's a tough time to be on
trial if you're a cop.

"It's going to be hard for the officers to get a fair trial with all the
problems with police right now," he said.

Geoffrey Garfield, a spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Protective League,
said each case has to been seen as distinct, not part of a trend. But if there
is a common thread, he said, it may be the stress under which police officers
live.

"A police officer gets to see the most horrible things that human beings do to
each other," he said. "You're trained how to handle danger, how to preserve
life, but you can't train in a yearlong academy how to psychologically deal with
the injury, mayhem and death that a police officer sees on a regular basis."

The knee-jerk reaction to police problems, Garfield said, is to create citizens
oversight commissions that spend money and accomplish little. The money would be
better spent, he said, on continuing training for officers on the force, on
counseling, on better pay, and on rotating officers off patrol duty with no
adverse effects to their careers.

These reforms and others may result from the current spate of criminal cases
involving law enforcement, many observers said.

But they said, too, that it is ironic that the public image of police should be
diminishing at a time when police are better trained, better screened and more
sensitive to different races and genders than they have been in the past.

In Georgia, for example, the state used to require officers to undergo four
weeks of training. Now they are trained for nine weeks and must take 20 hours a
year of additional training to retain their power of arrest.

"The quality of law enforcement over the last 10 years is greatly enhanced,"
said Whetsel. "We, too, resent what we see with these high- profile cases."

Staff writer Sandra Eckstein contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Protesters chant "Stop racist cops" and "Release Fuhrman tapes"
while marching outside the Los Angeles courthouse where O.J. Simpson is being
tried on murder charges./ Associated Press

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                             March 13, 2006 Monday

Penguins 4, Senators 1

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 292 words


Binghamto                                                                  001-1
n
Penguins                                                                   211-4

First Period-1. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Christensen 21 (Filewich, Kolanos), 18:36
(pp). 2. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Taticek 10 (Endicott, Stone), 19:25 (pp).
Penalties-Clouthier, Bing, major (fighting), 2:13; Bonvie, WBS, major-misconduct
(fighting), 2:13; Welch, WBS (holding), 4:11; Ward, Bing, minor-major
(interference-fighting), 12:19; Bissonnette, WBS, major (fighting), 12:19;
Lefebvre, WBS (interference), 14:12; Norton, Bing, double minor (slashing,
roughing), 15:31; Cullen, Bing (hooking), 16:12; Novak, Bing (hooking), 17:36;
Clouthier, Bing (misconduct), 17:40; Bonvie, WBS (misconduct), 17:40; Platil,
Bing (elbowing), 19:49.

Second Period-3. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Christensen 22 (Talbot, Kelleher), :57
(pp). Penalties-Hamel, Bing (unsportsmanlike conduct), 8:55; Stephens, Bing
(cross-checking), 12:14; Welch, WBS (tripping), 16:42.

Third Period-4. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Hussey 17 (Christensen, Dixon), 7:48. 5.
Binghamton, Hamel 44 (Martins), 11:17. Penalties-Malec, Bing (hooking), :44;
Malec, Bing, major-game misconduct (fighting), 3:07; Norton, Bing (game
misconduct), 3:07; Novak, Bing, major (fighting), 3:07; Bonvie, WBS (game
misconduct), 3:07; Stone, WBS, major-game misconduct (fighting), 3:07;
Clouthier, Bing, major-game misconduct (instigating, fighting), 3:41; Fata, WBS,
major-misconduct (fighting), 3:41; Bissonnette, WBS (hooking), 12:38; Schneider,
WBS (interference), 18:29.

Shots on goal-Binghamton 4-15-17-36. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 13-9-13-35.

Power-play Opportunities-Binghamton 0 of 5; Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 3 of 10.

Goalies-Binghamton, Guard 17-15-1 (35 shots-31 saves). Wilkes-Barre/Scranton,
Sabourin 25-10-3 (36-35.).

A-8,110.

Records-Binghamton (26-31-4-3); Wilkes-Barre/Scranton (43-16-3-3).

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                Dolan's Virginia Business Observer (Norfolk, VA)

                             March 18, 2002 Monday

Attorneys to go before bar's Disciplinary Board

BYLINE: Susanne Williams

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 113 words


Disciplinary cases for the following Hampton Roads attorneys are scheduled for a
hearing before the Disciplinary Board of the Virginia State Bar:

* April 26, Luther C. Edmonds, Virginia Beach, misconduct, crime;

* April 26, David N. Montague, Hampton, misconduct;

* June 27, Patricia M. Wright, Portsmouth, misconduct; and

* Aug. 23, Francis S. Callahan, Norfolk, misconduct.

Not yet scheduled before the board:

* William J. Dougherty Jr., Newport News, crime; and

* Robert L. Petersen, Williamsburg, misconduct.

Not yet scheduled before a three-judge Circuit Court:

* Steven J. Marsey, Virginia Beach, misconduct; and

* John E. Robins Jr., Hampton, misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Regulatory

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Justice Dept. unit to punish lapses;
Discipline was slow against prosecutors

BYLINE: Brad Heath and Kevin McCoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 492 words


WASHINGTON -- The Justice Department created a new internal watchdog office
Tuesday to make sure federal prosecutors face swifter and more consistent
punishment if investigators find that they committed misconduct.

The change comes after a USA TODAY investigation that identified 201 criminal
cases in which federal courts had found that Justice Department prosecutors had
broken laws or ethics rules -- violations that put innocent people in jail and
set guilty people free. Although each of the cases was so serious that judges
overturned convictions or rebuked the prosecutors for misconduct, USA TODAY
found that the department often took years to investigate what went wrong, and
that prosecutors faced little risk of being fired.

Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement Tuesday that while most federal
prosecutors meet their ethical obligations, the current procedures for
disciplining those found to commit misconduct "consume too much time, and risk
inconsistent resolution." He said the new unit "will help change that by
providing consistent, fair and timely resolution of these cases."

The unit, called the Professional Misconduct Review Unit, will be responsible
for disciplining career prosecutors when the department's ethics investigators
conclude that they engaged in intentional or reckless misconduct. Until now,
those decisions had been made by the prosecutors' supervisors, most often U.S.
attorneys. The department has faced criticism for not doing enough to
investigate and punish misconduct.

Holder wrote in a memo that those procedures "have resulted in delays" because
the officials in charge of discipline are also busy with other things. The new
unit will have to make decisions more quickly, and will also be able to report
misconduct to state bar associations. It will review findings of misconduct that
occur after it is fully staffed.

"This is serious business. It's a sign of a lack of faith in the behavior of
U.S. attorneys around the country," said Joseph diGenova, a former U.S. attorney
in Washington, D.C. "The message is, 'Manage your office and impose discipline,
or we will.' "

Laurie Levenson, a former federal prosecutor who's now a professor at Loyola Law
School in Los Angeles, applauded the effort to segregate and speed the handling
of the most serious misconduct cases. "Not all prosecutorial misconduct cases
are alike," she said.

The announcement is the latest step Holder has taken over the past two years to
address ethical lapses by the attorneys in charge of enforcing the nation's
laws. These efforts came after the government's failed corruption prosecution of
former Alaska senator Ted Stevens, which ended in 2009 after the department
conceded it had hidden evidence that could have undermined the case against him.
The judge who supervised Stevens' trial launched his own investigation of the
case, saying he did not trust the department to investigate itself. That review
is still ongoing.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

TSA's troubling failures

LENGTH: 470 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the 9/11
terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't really
making travelers much safer. Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.


After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."


The 29-page report notes that the nation's largest airports had the highest
rates of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases
in misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark International and Boston Logan International.


But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly and where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.


The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.


The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide.


Neglect of duty is described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of
property or life; careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure
to exercise due diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow
procedures." Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is
"integrity and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal
conduct.


Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.


The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland, California, allegedly helping to smuggle 100
kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando, Florida, taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals
through a checkpoint without questioning).


The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. And a faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.


The TSA's job is to make airline passengers not only feel safer but also
actually be safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.


The Orange County Register (July 17)

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

TSA's troubling failures

LENGTH: 470 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the 9/11
terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't really
making travelers much safer. Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.


After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."


The 29-page report notes that the nation's largest airports had the highest
rates of misconduct by TSA employees in 2015, as well as the steepest increases
in misconduct from 2013 to 2015. Los Angeles International is one of those
airports, along with Newark International and Boston Logan International.


But this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because everywhere is where
we all fly and where we need security-checkpoint officers to be on the ball.


The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
That's on top of a nearly 27 percent increase from 2010 to 2012.


The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide.


Neglect of duty is described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of
property or life; careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure
to exercise due diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow
procedures." Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is
"integrity and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal
conduct.


Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.


The misconduct in question ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending
government money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to brazenly criminal
(a TSA officer in Oakland, California, allegedly helping to smuggle 100
kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando, Florida, taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals
through a checkpoint without questioning).


The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. And a faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.


The TSA's job is to make airline passengers not only feel safer but also
actually be safer. Clearly it is not doing that vital job well enough.


The Orange County Register (July 17)

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    April 27, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 347 words

Police corruption probe may cost $ 17.6 million
City and county governments will spend at least $ 17.6 million in the next
fiscal year investigating police misconduct and improving police operations in
Los Angeles. The estimate does not include either the $ 30 million Mayor Richard
Riordan has proposed setting aside for potential liability arising from civil
suits or the $ 2.7 million already spent this year on the investigation.  The
ongoing probe centers on allegations Los Angeles Police Department officers
falsified reports, lied under oath, planted evidence and shot unarmed suspects.
To date, 67 convictions have been overturned and about 30 officers have been
relieved of duty, fired or suspended.

Alaska Airlines jet has unscheduled landing
An Alaska Airlines flight bound from San Jose, Calif., to Seattle with more than
100 people on board landed in Oakland, Calif., late Wednesday after smoke or
mist was noticed in the passenger compartment. The airline did not know what
caused the mist or smoke on Flight 299, spokesman Bill MacKay said. He said
neither the crew nor the 104 passengers were hurt. The plane was being examined
in Oakland by Alaska Airlines personnel, MacKay said.

Medication partially responsible for death
A hospital study of a children's heartburn remedy was partially to blame for the
death of a 9-month-old boy in Pittsburgh, a coroner ruled. Allegheny County
Coroner Cyril Wecht amended the death certificate to say Gage Stevens' inclusion
in a study of the drug Propulsid was a factor in his death. In March, Janssen
Pharmaceutical Inc. said it would stop making the drug, which has been
associated with heart abnormalities and 80 deaths. The baby's parents, Scott
Stevens and Gretchen Stewart, said the consent form said the drug was approved
for infants by the Food and Drug Administration. In a statement released
Wednesday, Children's Hospital officials said the form listed potential risks,
including heart rhythm problems, and told parents the drug was approved because
officials believed approval was imminent.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 19, 1994, Saturday, City Edition

Beezer has been 'biggest thorn'

SECTION: SPORTS; FANFARE; Hey, coach; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 541 words



Lightning coach Terry Crisp answers questions from area hockey fans:

   Q: Who do you think your toughest opponent has been over the years?

- Tom Hershberger

   A: Since being with the Lightning, the toughest individual has been Florida
goaltender John Vanbiesbrouck. He has been our biggest thorn and obstacle
individually. As for a team, for whatever reason, we've had a tough time with
New Jersey. When I was in Calgary, Wayne Gretzky and the Edmonton Oilers were
always the toughest. The rivalry between Edmonton and Calgary was keen, as I
envision the one between Tampa Bay and Florida developing into.

   Q: During the game against Hartford, Chris Joseph got called for a "gross
misconduct" foul. I'd like to know what gross misconduct is.

- Michael Corcoran, Seminole

   A: There are three forms of misconduct penalties, a 10-minute misconduct, a
game misconduct and a gross misconduct. Usually they reflect the severity of
the player or coach's conduct, with gross being the most severe. It does not
affect the manpower, other than the fact that the player cannot return to the
game.

   Q: To what do you attribute Gerard Gallant's recent success?

- Bob Abruzzo

   A: He is getting more ice time and getting more involved in the play. The
two go hand-in-hand. Also, he has been playing a little with Denis Savard and
Michael Anderson, who are two pretty quick skaters, and their style seems to
complement his corner work and digging. Gerard deserves a lot of credit for
staying positive and upbeat throughout the season and continuing to work hard,
especially early on when he was not getting as much ice time.

   Q: I heard the NHL is planning to adopt a draft lottery like the NBA, and I
wondered what you thought about that?

- Chuck Gardella, New Port Richey

   A: Fortunately, I have my hands full coaching the team. While I've heard a
little about the lottery idea, I don't know enough about it. I'd prefer not to
address it until I know more.

Q: I'm a native Floridian and I'm not familiar with the coaches. Could you  fill
me in on all three coaches - you, Wayne Cashman and Danny Gare? Please  tell me
what teams you played for, when you played and whether you won any  Stanley
Cups.

- Jon Norsworthy, Largo

   A: I played for four teams - Boston, Islanders, St. Louis and Philadelphia  -
over 11 years and was a member of the 1974 and 1975 Stanley Cup teams in
Philadelphia. Wayne Cashman played 18 seasons, all with the Boston Bruins. He
was a member of the 1970 and 1972 Stanley Cup champions. He was a linemate of
Phil Esposito's during their record-setting years and was also Boston's  captain
for six seasons. Danny played 13 seasons in the NHL, with Buffalo,  Detroit and
Edmonton. And Danny was a captain in both Buffalo and Detroit and  twice scored
50 or more goals in a season.

   Have a question for Lightning coach Terry Crisp? Call our "Hey, Coach"  line
at 892-2373 (1-800-333-7505, ext. 2373 if outside the area) and leave  your
question, name and hometown. We'll run the best questions and answers on  the
Fanfare page.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Editorial: Report shows TSA not doing job (East Bay Times)

BYLINE: East Bay Times editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 483 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

Of particular concern in the 29-page report is that the instances of misconduct
have grown at an alarming rate in the last six years, even after a watchdog
investigation revealed substantial misconduct.

For example, the report noted that in December a federal grand jury charged a
TSA officer at Oakland International Airport with using her position to
facilitate drug smuggling through the security checkpoint. The officer allegedly
helped smuggle more than 100 kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period.

The report notes this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling, because
everywhere is where we all fly.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures."

Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity
and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending government
money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a
checkpoint without questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually be safer. Clearly, it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Editorial: Report shows TSA not doing job (East Bay Times)

BYLINE: East Bay Times editorial

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

Of particular concern in the 29-page report is that the instances of misconduct
have grown at an alarming rate in the last six years, even after a watchdog
investigation revealed substantial misconduct.

For example, the report noted that in December a federal grand jury charged a
TSA officer at Oakland International Airport with using her position to
facilitate drug smuggling through the security checkpoint. The officer allegedly
helped smuggle more than 100 kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period.

The report notes this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling, because
everywhere is where we all fly.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures."

Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity
and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct.

Try not to think about any of that the next time you watch security officers
screen your fellow passengers.

The misconduct ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending government
money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a
checkpoint without questioning).

The House report says that while allegations of misconduct have been rising, the
TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty
disciplinary system contributes to low employee morale.

As the House report says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core
mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious security
vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
make us actually be safer. Clearly, it is not doing that vital job well enough.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Nicklaus: Study sparks debate over broker misconduct

BYLINE:  By David Nicklaus St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 576 words


If you get financial advice from a broker, check his or her record.

That's always been a good idea, but a new study on broker misconduct reinforces
the importance of being a well-informed client. The study, by professors from
the University of Chicago and University of Minnesota, contains some shocking
data about how many brokers have a checkered past.

The financial industry says the numbers are misleading, and we'll get to that
argument in a moment. For the average investor, the important takeaway is that
you can learn a lot about the person you're dealing with by visiting
BrokerCheck, a site operated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

The professors downloaded 1.2 million BrokerCheck profiles and looked for
disciplinary events, customer disputes and other serious financial matters. They
found that 7 percent of all brokers had a record of misconduct, and the number
was as high as 20 percent at one firm, Oppenheimer.

The authors don't list numbers for every firm, but their top 10 list includes
two firms based in St. Louis: 13.3 percent of Stifel Nicolaus' brokers had a
misconduct record, as did 15.3 percent of brokers at Wells Fargo Advisors
Financial Network. (The latter is a division that clears trades for independent
advisers and doesn't reflect the record of the larger Wells Fargo Advisors.)

The blemish rate is far lower at some of the nation's biggest financial firms -
just 0.8 percent at Morgan Stanley and 0.9 percent at Goldman Sachs, for
example.

Half of advisers who engage in misconduct lose their jobs, but 44 percent of
those who are fired end up re-employed in the industry. Firms that are most
likely to hire brokers with blemished records are also least likely to fire
their own people, leading the authors to conclude that some firms "specialize in
misconduct."

"Firms seem to be very good at firing people for misconduct," explains Gregor
Matvos, an associate professor of finance at the University of Chicago and one
of the authors. "But the industry seems to be good at hiring them, too."

Stifel declined to comment on the study. Wells Fargo Advisors issued a statement
saying it was examining the findings and has always been "highly selective in
its adviser recruiting."

SIFMA, an industry group, issued a stronger rebuttal of the study. It said the
report "overstates the level of relevant misconduct," and "fails to properly
explain the process" for broker discipline.

An article on SIFMA's website notes that 60 percent of customer complaints end
in settlements, often because it's cheaper for a firm to settle a complaint than
to fight it. Settlements show up on a broker's record even if there was no
finding of fault.

I showed the study to two local lawyers, both former Missouri securities
commissioners and strong advocates for protecting investors. Matt Kitzi of
Armstrong Teasdale and David Cosgrove of Cosgrove Law Group agreed with SIFMA's
critique.

"The disclosure requirements for the industry are pretty broad and capture a lot
of activity," Kitzi said. "I can't imagine that any firm would specialize in
misconduct."

"I think you'll find that some of the specific instances they're lumping under
misconduct are not misconduct at all," Cosgrove said. "Most firms do not take
lightly hiring anyone with any sort of scar on their record."

Still, he adds, every investor should search BrokerCheck once in a while. If you
see anything you don't understand, call your broker and start asking questions.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This film image released by Paramount Pictures shows Leonardo DiCaprio
as Jordan Belfort in a scene from "The Wolf of Wall Street."(AP Photo/Paramount
Pictures, Mary Cybulski)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 14, 1999, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Nation in Brief;
Clinton: Restore trust in police

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 567 words


Expressing concern that recent charges of police misconduct could undermine the
fight against crime, President Clinton on Saturday proposed improved training
and other steps to restore "the bonds of trust" between the public and law
enforcement.

"I have been deeply disturbed by recent allegations of serious police misconduct
and continued reports of racial profiling that have shaken some communities'
faith in the police who are there to protect them," Clinton said.

Recent questionable shootings by police that took the lives of young blacks in
New York, Pittsburgh and Riverside, Calif., have revived debate about how
officers handle confrontations with minorities. In New Jersey, state troopers
have come under fire for conducting traffic stops based on a driver's race ---
so-called racial profiling. Leaders of the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People, the National Council of La Raza, the National
Asian Pacific American Legal Consortium and other groups have called on Clinton
to speak out against police brutality and withhold federal funds from
departments with poor records.
 Republican praises ed-flex legislation Republican Gov. Ed Schafer of North
Dakota, in the weekly GOP radio address Saturday, praised a congressional move
to free states from some restrictions on federal education while criticizing
what he said were President Clinton's attempts to "hijack" the measure. The
governor lauded the so-called ed-flex bills, approved Thursday with bipartisan
support in the House and Senate, for increasing states' flexibility in spending
federal education money.
 Pearl Harbor segment stays in fireworks show Louisville, Ky., officials dropped
their opposition to a re-enactment of the bombing of Pearl Harbor during a
fireworks and air show in the Kentucky Derby Festival next month. Festival
organizers had said they would cancel the six-hour Thunder over Louisville
extravaganza if they were not allowed to include the 15-minute Pearl Harbor
segment, called "Tora! Tora! Tora!" But in a statement Friday, Board of Aldermen
President Steve Magre said the city had no interest in stopping the performance.

 Probe of Tip O'Neill showed no corruption A 20-month investigation by the FBI
showed no political corruption by the late House Speaker Thomas "Tip" O'Neill.
The secret probe lasted from 1979 to 1981, when the House speaker was playing a
major role in national affairs as an ally of President Jimmy Carter, The Boston
Globe reported Saturday. The FBI suspected that O'Neill had used his political
clout to win about $ 3 million in federal loans and guarantees for projects in
which he and his associates had financial interests. Christopher O'Neill, son of
the late Massachusetts politician, said his father had been aware of the
investigation. "He did not have any doubts he would be vindicated," he said.
 Kevorkian appeals charge in TV case Dr. Jack Kevorkian has appealed the
first-degree murder charge against him. The assisted suicide advocate is charged
with first-degree murder and delivery of a controlled substance in the Sept. 17
death of Thomas Youk, whose death was videotaped and later shown on CBS' "60
Minutes." Youk, 52, was suffering from Lou Gehrig's disease. Kevorkian filed the
emergency appeal Friday with the Michigan Court of Appeals just hours after
prosecutors dropped the assisted suicide charge against him.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

BEWARE OF BROKERS BEHAVING BADLY

BYLINE: ROBERT TRIGAUX

SECTION: NATIONAL; ON BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words



HIGHLIGHT: A study finds a high level of misconduct in financial firms,
including Raymond James.


Do you trust your financial adviser? A new report might give you pause.

Some major U.S. financial advisory firms employ a surprisingly high percentage
of financial advisers disciplined for misconduct that ranges from putting
clients in unsuitable investments to trading on client accounts without
permission.

Among the top 10 firms with the highest misconduct rates are St. Petersburg's
Raymond James Financial, as well as such prominent industry names as
Oppenheimer, Wells Fargo Advisers (not to be confused with Wells Fargo
Securities) and UBS Financial Services. Oppenheimer employs the greatest
concentration with 19.6 percent of its advisers disciplined for misconduct. At
Wells Fargo Advisers, 15.3 percent of advisers faced discipline, with UBS at
15.14 percent.

Raymond James ranked 8th highest with 13.74 percent. Industrywide, 7 percent of
financial advisers have been disciplined for misconduct.

Asked to respond on this matter, Raymond James on Wednesday declined comment.

Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs are among the firms with the lowest rates of
misconduct, with rates at both closer to 1 percent. And Wells Fargo Securities
had a misconduct rate of just 1.7 percent, despite the similarity of its name
with the high-misconduct firm of Wells Fargo Advisers.

These findings appear in one of the first large-scale studies documenting
misconduct among financial advisers. "The Market for Financial Adviser
Misconduct" analysis, issued late last month, is the work of business professors
at the University of Minnesota and University of Chicago business schools.

"We find evidence suggesting that some firms specialize in misconduct," the
researchers write. "Such firms are more tolerant of misconduct, hiring advisers
with unscrupulous records. These firms also hire advisers who engage in
misconduct to a lesser degree."

News reports on the latest research findings on misconduct cited strong
reactions.

"This is eye-opening and suggests not only that some firms have a high tolerance
for misconduct on the part of their employees, but that their very business
model is to attract the broker who can generate high revenue at the cost of
repetitive disciplinary violations," John Coffee, a professor at Columbia Law
School in New York, told Bloomberg. "FINRA needs to focus on this."

FINRA, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, is Wall Street's
self-regulatory organization and the primary industry overseer of disputes
between financial firms and their customers. FINRA also operates a database
called BrokerCheck that lets consumers check on the disciplinary record of any
registered financial adviser.

The university researchers found that many financial firms did not ignore
misconduct. About half of advisers found to have committed misconduct are fired.
However, the researchers also found that 44 percent of advisers who leave a job
due to misconduct are hired by another firm within a year.

Many fired advisers end up moving to firms that have higher rates of misconduct
than their previous employer did. The result? Over time, that migration
concentrates previously disciplined advisers working for a handful of firms.

Not all disciplined advisers recycle themselves. FINRA in 2015 permanently
barred nearly 500 individuals and 25 firms from the industry.

While individual firms like Raymond James steered clear of commenting on the
study, a website called AdvisorHUB, described to me as the investment industry's
version of a gossipy TMZ, panned the research as skewed and misleading. The
online article's headline: "You Call This A Study?"

Many financial advisers are trustworthy. But Florida remains infamous as a state
that attracts troubled brokers drawn by its abundance of wealthy retirees.
Advisers with a record of multiple disciplinary actions often become what the
industry calls "plate-lickers" - brokers who troll for clients by offering free
dinners, a tactic FINRA has warned can involve excessive sales pressure.

Bottom line on a financial adviser? Trust but verify. Start by going online to
brokercheck.finra.org.

Contact Robert Trigaux at rtrigaux@tampabay.com Follow @venturetampabay.com.

* * *

Firms with highest misconduct rates
                                        No. of advisers      Misconduct rate
1. Oppenheimer                                    2,275                19.6%
2. First Allied Securities                        1,112               17.72%
3. Wells Fargo Advisers FN                        1,797                15.3%
4. UBS Financial Services                        12,175               15.14%
5. Cetara Advisors                                1,432               14.39%
6. Securities America                             2,536               14.30%
7. National Planning Corp.                        1,760               14.03%
8. Raymond James                                  5,495               13.74%
9. Stifel, Nicolaus                               4,008               13.27%
10. Janney Montgomery Scott                       1,394               13.27%

Source: "The Market for Financial Adviser Misconduct" study by University of
Minnesota's Mark Egan and University of Chicago Booth School of Business' Gregor
Matvos and Amit Seru, FINRA BrokerCheck database

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Times file: Raymond James Financial, based in St. Petersburg,
was in the top 10 of firms with a high rate of adviser misconduct.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Jacobs elected new chair at meetings

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 746  words


Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs is the new chairman of the NHL's board of
governors.

At a meeting in New York on Wednesday, the board also elected Tom Hicks of the
Dallas Stars as vice-chairman.

Jacobs replaces Harley Hotchkiss, the Calgary Flames owner who was chairman
since 1995.

The board approved minor rule changes that will take effect in the 2007-08
season, including:

- All faceoffs must be conducted at one of the nine dots painted on the rink.
Previously, there were instances where it was up to a referee's discretion where
a face off would occur following a stoppage in play.

- Referees will be allowed assess a major penalty and a game misconduct when an
injury results from an act of interference. Previously, only a minor penalty
could be assessed for interference.

- A player will be awarded a penalty shot if he is fouled on a clear breakaway
outside his defensive zone. Previously, a penalty shot was awarded only when a
player on a clear breakaway was fouled on the attacking side of the centre line.

- The term "gross misconduct" has been eliminated from the rule book. Any act
that would have been assessed a "gross misconduct" penalty will now be a "game
misconduct" penalty. Accumulated game misconducts will lead to fines or
suspension.

The board also discussed the salary cap for 2007-08, which is expected to be
between $48 million US and $50 million US.

Members of the board were also given an update on the proposed sale of the
Nashville Predators to Jim Balsillie, the billionaire businessman from
Kitchener-Waterloo, Ont. No vote took place on the pending sale.

- - -

Rumours spread quickly, so Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Bryan McCabe reacted
quickly when chatter spread that the Leafs have asked him to waive his no-trade
clause with the club.

"I haven't spoken to anyone in the Leafs' organization since the end of the
regular season," said McCabe. "I have absolutely no inkling that they would ask
me to waive my no-trade clause. All of my (post-season) meetings with the club
were positive; there was no indication that anyone on the team is unhappy with
me."

McCabe has four years remaining on a five-year deal worth $28.75 million US he
signed last summer. Part of the deal bars the Leafs from demoting or trading
McCabe, who described himself as a "signed, sealed and delivered" Leaf.

- - -

Brett Hull is leaving the broadcast booth to return to an "expanded role" with
the Dallas Stars.

Hull's stint as a NHL analyst with NBC is over after one year, after Stars
general manager Doug Armstrong offered Hull a new position with the team. What
that role will be hasn't been announced.

"He will definitely have an expanded role in hockey operations, but we're not
sure what that role will be," Stars president Jim Lites told the Dallas Morning
News. "Plus, we're not sure what he will continue to do in marketing or
broadcasting."

Hull, who was prominent in NBC's weekly game coverage and during the Stanley Cup
final, couldn't continue with the network after rejoining the Stars, which would
create a conflict of interest.

- - -

After the Nashville Predators selloff of Kimmo Timonen and Scott Hartnell this
week, and the expected departures of Peter Forsberg and Paul Kariya, pundits are
predicting much gloom and doom for the club next season.

That's news to head coach Barry Trotz.

"A lot of teams might be devastated if they were to lose the number of free
agents that we might, but we're still in pretty good shape," the former Regina
Pat told the Tennessean newspaper. "We can only control what we control, so we
can't worry about a potential change in ownership or anything like that.

The team, which may end up in Hamilton, Ont. thanks to BlackBerry magnate Jim
Balsillie, still has experienced forwards Jason Arnott, J.P. Dumont, Martin
Erat, David Legwand and Steve Sullivan under contract, and potential offensive
star Alexander Radulov is waiting in the wings.

- - -

Prospective free agent Michael Nylander has a new agent, so after three weeks of
no talks, the New York Rangers are hoping to get an idea of their standing with
the first-line centre.

Nylander has hired Mike Gillis to replace Paul Theofanous, who Nylander fired
three weeks ago. The New York Post reported that Theofanous was axed after he
apparently agreed to have Nylander re-sign with the Rangers for a three-year,
$3.75-million US deal.

The newspaper reported this week that Gillis will meet with Rangers GM Glen
Sather on Friday or Saturday in Columbus, Ohio, at the NHL draft.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

NHL makes Jacobs chairman, tinkers with rules

BYLINE: CanWest News Service; with files from The Ottawa Citizen and News
Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 954  words


Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs is the new chairman of the NHL's board of
governors.

At a meeting in New York yesterday, the board also elected Tom Hicks of the
Dallas Stars as vice-chairman.

Jacobs replaces Harley Hotchkiss, the Calgary Flames' owner who had been
chairman since 1995.

The board also approved minor rule changes that will take effect in the 2007-08
season, including:

- All faceoffs must be conducted at one of the nine dots painted on the rink.
Previously, there were instances where it was up to a referee's discretion where
a faceoff would occur following a stoppage in play.

- Referees will be allowed to assess a major penalty and a game misconduct when
an injury results from an act of interference. Previously, only a minor penalty
could be assessed for interference.

- A player will be awarded a penalty shot if he is fouled on a clear breakaway
outside his defensive zone. Previously, a penalty shot was awarded only when a
player on a clear breakaway was fouled on the attacking side of the centre line.

- The term "gross misconduct" has been eliminated from the rulebook. Any act
that would have been assessed a "gross misconduct" penalty will now be a "game
misconduct" penalty. Accumulated game misconducts will lead to fines or
suspension.

The board also discussed the salary cap for 2007-08, which is expected to be
between $48 million U.S. and $50 million.

Members of the board were also given an update on the proposed sale of the
Nashville Predators to Jim Balsillie, the billionaire businessman from
Kitchener-Waterloo, Ont.

No vote took place, however, on the potential sale to Balsillie by Nashville
owner Craig Leipold.

Senators Won the Sales Battle

The Ottawa Senators might not have quite got to the promised land, but no other
NHL team can boast of a 459- per-cent increase in the sale of online team
merchandise over May 2006.

Funny what a march to within three wins of a Stanley Cup will do for the sale of
T-shirts and jerseys.

Roy, Other Sabres Get Offers

The Buffalo Sabres, who may have to find a way to replace unrestricted free
agent superstars Daniel Briere, from Gatineau, and Chris Drury, took the first
step toward remaining competitive by tendering qualifying offers to five
restricted free agents, including Rockland's Derek Roy and team-leading
goal-scorer Thomas Vanek.

Daniel Paille, Andrew Peters and defenceman Nathan Paetsch were also tendered
offers. The five players can accept offers from other teams, but the Sabres have
the right to match any offer and retain the player. If the Sabres don't match,
they receive draft picks and compensation.

Roy, 24, scored 21 goals and 63 points in his second NHL season while Vanek was
fifth in the league with 43 goals.

Walker Sticks With Hurricanes

The Carolina Hurricanes have agreed to terms with right-winger Scott Walker on a
three-year contract worth $7.5 million. Walker, 33, enjoyed a successful first
full campaign with the Hurricanes, recording 21 goals and 30 assists in 81 games
this past season.

"Keeping Scott in Carolina was one of our top priorities this season,"
Hurricanes general manager Jim Rutherford said. "He brings skill and grit to our
forward lines, and he has become one of our team's leaders."

A veteran of parts of 12 seasons, Walker has 127 goals and 215 assists in 688
career games.

UHL Makes Switch to IHL

The United Hockey League has a new name, but one that is very familiar to minor
league fans.

The UHL yesterday announced it is changing its name to the International Hockey
League, effective immediately.

The IHL name has been used on several occasions in the past, most famously by
one of the sport's top minor leagues from 1945-2001. But with the increased
popularity of the American Hockey League and the rise of the East Coast Hockey
League, the league was forced to fold.

Last season, the UHL consisted of 10 teams, with the Rockford IceHogs winning
the Colonial Cup championship. In its first campaign as the IHL, the league will
have six member clubs, including a new addition in the Port Huron Icehawks.
Remaining from the 2006-07 season are the Bloomington PrairieThunder, Flint
Generals, Fort Wayne Komets, Kalamazoo Wings and Muskegon Fury.

McCabe Shoots Down Rumours

Rumours spread quickly, so Toronto Maple Leafs defenceman Bryan McCabe reacted
quickly when chatter spread that the Leafs had asked him to waive his no-trade
clause.

"I haven't spoken to anyone in the Leafs' organization since the end of the
regular season," said McCabe. "I have absolutely no inkling that they would ask
me to waive my no-trade clause. All of my (post-season) meetings with the club
were positive; there was no indication that anyone on the team is unhappy with
me."

McCabe has four years remaining on a five-year deal worth $28.75 million U.S. he
signed last summer. Part of the deal bars the Leafs from demoting or trading
McCabe, who described himself as a "signed, sealed and delivered" Leaf.

Hull Aligns With Stars

Brett Hull Is Leaving the Broadcast Booth to Return to An "Expanded Role" With
the Dallas Stars. Hull's Stint as a Nhl Analyst With Nbc Is Over After One Year,
After Stars General Manager Doug Armstrong Offered Hull a New Position With the
Team. What That Role Will Be Hasn't Been Announced.

More Roberts Talks in Pittsburgh

The Pittsburgh Penguins will meet with the agent for Gary Roberts and Mark
Recchi this week, which may clear up the future of the veteran forwards.

"I spoke with (Penguins general manager Ray Shero) on Monday night and we
discussed getting together in Columbus (at the NHL draft)," agent Rich Curran
told the Pittsburgh Tribune Review. Shero made contract offers to Roberts and
Recchi late last month, and Curran described talks with the club as "on again,
off again" since then.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Wayne Cuddington, The Ottawa Citizen; Derek Roy, from Rockland,
has received a qualifying offer from the Sabres. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 22, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Confronting Police Misconduct;
Corruption Inquiry in Los Angeles

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 275 words


An expanding corruption scandal in the Los Angeles Police Department bodes ill
for a city where residents in poor minority communities have long complained of
police arrogance and brutality. A dozen officers have been suspended in an
investigation that has produced allegations of breathtaking misconduct. The
scandal widened into public view when one former officer, Rafael Perez, agreed
to cooperate with authorities in exchange for a lighter sentence on his
conviction for stealing cocaine from a police evidence locker.

Mr. Perez told investigators that in 1996 he and a former partner intentionally
shot a young unarmed Hispanic gang member, planted a weapon beside the man and
framed him for assaulting them. The victim, who was left paralyzed, was
convicted and sentenced to 23 years in prison as a result of the officers' false
testimony. Last week prosecutors asked a judge to release the convicted man
immediately. Investigators are looking into another 1996 shooting involving
officers from the same division.

The city's political leaders are pushing for a thorough criminal investigation.
A scandal in which an officer admits that an innocent man was framed can have a
devastating effect on the credibility of other officers. Merely bringing the
accused officers to justice will not fully mend the broken public trust. Unless
there are intense efforts to expose misconduct and to impose effective citizen
oversight, the public is liable to believe that other bad officers have simply
not been caught. In Los Angeles, as in episodes of police misconduct in New
York, the difficult work of building trust has been dealt a setback.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 9, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Fireworks not over for O.J. jury / Misconduct allegations key on Simpson
daughter

BYLINE: Sally Ann Stewart

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 368 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


The grueling 11-week hunt for a jury panel in the O.J. Simpson murder case ended
Thursday, but the fight over jurors is far from over.

Moments after 12 alternate jurors took their oath, defense lawyers, prosecutors
and Judge Lance Ito retreated behind closed doors to discuss allegations of
misconduct by two of the original 12 jurors selected.

A central character in the misconduct allegations: Simpson's eldest daughter,
Arnelle, 26. She spent Thursday waiting in a courthouse hallway.

Neither side would elaborate on the specifics of the misconduct charge or what
Arnelle's role might be.

The allegations, presented by the prosecution, could range from watching news
reports on the case to driving by the Brentwood condominium where Nicole Brown
Simpson, 35, and her friend Ronald Goldman, 25, were stabbed to death June 12.

Defense lawyers deny there was jury wrongdoing. "I object strenuously to the
term, 'misconduct,' " said Robert Shapiro. Response from prosecutor Marcia
Clark: "The defense has misstated completely the nature of the jury problem."

No jurors were dismissed for misconduct during Thursday's closed session, which
could account for a buoyant mood among defense lawyers. They like their chances
with the standing jury.

But both sides say the issue is still open. Ito could hear more arguments Monday
- when all the jurors and alternates return to court - and it's likely Arnelle
Simpson will testify.

Robert Pugsley of Southwestern University School of Law says the misconduct
issue underscores the possibility of other jurors dropping out. He says that
pressures Ito to sequester the jury sooner rather than later.

"The structure is already creaking," he says. "You've got to evacuate, which
means sequester, or shore up the foundation with more alternates."

Like the original group, the alternates are mostly black and female. There are
nine women and three men. Seven are black, four white and one Hispanic.

Next step: hearings on defense motions. They start today with the defense
challenge to the addition of black prosecutor Christopher Darden to the case.
Also, a sealed motion over an undisclosed problem at the jail where Simpson is
confined will be heard.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, by Sam Mircovich

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: The Innocence Project: Judges fail to report prosecutors' misconduct

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: First Amendment Coalition has issued the following news release:



 A report from the Innocence Project has shown that prosecutors are almost never
held accountable for misconduct including withholding evidence. The Project
examined records in California, Arizona, Texas, New York and Pennsylvania and in
the case of New York found that appellate judges and others in authority almost
never reported instances of misconduct to state panels and bar associations
responsible for investigating the misconduct. (ProPublica, March 29, 2016, by
Joaquin Sapien)





 The investigation revealed a "culture of underreporting" in most jurisdictions
in that "the criminal justice system's culture is not conducive to reporting
misconduct and error." Those in position to report misconduct fear retaliation
or being seen as whistleblowers with the result that they could not work
harmoniously in the criminal justice system. (The Innocence Project, March 2016)




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 31, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

CRIME & JUSTICE

SECTION: Metro; B02

LENGTH: 639 words


MARYLAND

Police misconduct: Prince George's County paid more than $1.8 million in civil
jury verdicts and out-of-court settlements in connection with lawsuits alleging
police misconduct during the 2004 fiscal year, County Executive Jack B. Johnson
said yesterday.

Johnson said he was going beyond the requirements of a three-year-old state law
that requires the county to disclose each year's total cost of out-of-court
settlements in police misconduct cases. The law requires notification of the
Prince George's County Council and local members of the House of Delegates and
the state Senate. Johnson said he publicized the figures because residents have
a right to know how much the county spends on such cases.

For the fiscal year from July 1, 2003, through June 30, 2004, the county paid
nearly $1.7 million to settle 26 civil lawsuits alleging police misconduct,
Johnson said. Seven civil cases alleging police misconduct ended with jury
verdicts in which the county paid a total of more than $193,000, he said.

Burglary arrests: Howard County police arrested five Baltimore residents
yesterday suspected of stealing $50,000 worth of electronics and appliances from
a Columbia warehouse, police said.

An employee at Genco distribution warehouse, in the 8900 block of Snowden River
Parkway, loaded 12 plasma televisions and 14 refrigerators onto a trailer,
police said. The employee, Carroll Landis Brown, 43, called four people who came
to the warehouse and began to drive off with the merchandise.

Police, who had been surveying the operation, stopped the trailer before it left
the warehouse complex.

THE DISTRICT

Slaying arrest: D.C. police have made an arrest in the 2002 slaying of a
Northwest Washington teenager.

Andrew Burley, 17, of the 600 block of Keefer Place NW was found fatally shot in
the 3000 block of 13th Street NW on May 17, 2002, police said.

On Wednesday, police charged Edward Boney, 22, of the 2300 block of 11th Street
NW with second-degree murder.

Murder charge: D.C. police have arrested a suspect in the shooting death of a
29-year-old District man.

Gary A. Brown, who had no known address, was found fatally shot at 18th and T
streets SE on Oct. 8, 2003, police said.

Police arrested Charles Raymond, 25, of the 2800 block of 23rd Place SE on
Wednesday and charged him with second-degree murder.

*  HOMICIDES

A 22-year-old man was fatally shot in Northeast Washington yesterday morning,
police said. Lee Marshal of the 2500 block of 14th Street NE was found about 11
a.m. on that block suffering from gunshot wounds, police said. Marshal was taken
to Washington Hospital Center, where he was pronounced dead.

VIRGINIA

Fairfax slaying: A 25-year-old Maryland man was found shot to death yesterday
afternoon in a shopping center parking lot across from the Springfield Mall,
Fairfax County police said.

Police responding to a report of gunshots in the 6700 block of Spring Mall Drive
about 4:15 p.m. found James L. Ridley of the 7700 block of Lanham Lane in Camp
Springs in a black 2002 Toyota Camry. He had been shot once in the upper body
after an apparent altercation, said Sgt. Richard Perez. Ridley was pronounced
dead at the scene.

Witnesses told police that they saw a man leaving Ridley's car after the
shooting in an older model white vehicle.

Money laundering: An Alexandria businesswoman was sentenced yesterday in
Alexandria Circuit Court to one year in jail and 20 years of probation for money
laundering.

Karen McRae, 44, had pleaded no contest to one felony count of money laundering.
Circuit Court Judge Alfred D. Swersky could have sentenced McRae to up to 40
years in prison.

McRae was convicted of defrauding businesses and individuals, including singer
Roberta Flack, of hundreds of thousands of dollars in the past four years.

Compiled from reports by staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Federal prosecutors too often work above the law

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 402 words


Thank you for your excellent investigative report on the horror of federal
prosecutorial misconduct, documenting how innocent people have been locked up,
and inevitably, how real criminals have been left on the loose, because of
federal prosecutors who were willing to lie, suborn perjury and hide exculpatory
evidence from defendants ("Prosecutors' conduct can tip the scales," Cover
story, News, Thursday).

One reason this happens is that prosecutors normally cannot be punished beyond
the rare penalty of disbarment for malpractice.  There are statutory
protections. They also cannot be sued by  individuals who have had their lives
ruined by such misconduct.  These laws need to be changed. Prosecutors have far
too much power to place themselves above the law.

Also, USA TODAY's article minimizes the issue at the local level. It states that
"local prosecutors" deal simply with "routine burglaries and homicides." The
reality is that prosecutorial misconduct is at least as serious a problem at the
local level, where prosecutors are less well-trained and more pressured than
federal prosecutors. Also, some of those cases (serious felonies and murder)
can put people away for life or, in at least 36 states,  can lead to executions,
usually after many years in horrific near-solitary confinement in  death-row
cells.

Dave Lindorff

Maple Glen, Pa.

Competitive personalities

In USA TODAY's Special Report: Justice in the balance,  Loyola Law School
professor Laurie Levenson is quoted saying that prosecutors are "the A+
students. They're not used to losing."

Perhaps the same inclination to cheat on the job was also present in getting
those A+ grades. Someone who has been honest all of  his life is less likely to
manipulate justice than someone for whom cheating has been a habit for which  he
had just never before been caught.

Perhaps a closer look at law schools is indicated.

A. R. Leonard

New Orleans

Apply uniform standard

Congratulations to USA TODAY on  the brilliant investigation  into the
misconduct  of federal prosecutors. Were criminal defense attorneys to conduct
themselves similarly, they likely would face criminal sanctions themselves.

As long as federal prosecutors can engage in misconduct with impunity, they will
have no incentive to conform to the legal and ethical standards that apply to
the rest of the legal community.

USA TODAY's investigation confirms this.

Daniel D. Connor

Columbus, Ohio

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Rhyne Piggott, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             October 1, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors work hard to uphold justice

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 548 words


USA TODAY's cover story about our nation's federal prosecutors is misleading in
several fundamental respects and fails to honor the exemplary service of
thousands of dedicated men and women who work tirelessly to enforce our criminal
laws ("Prosecutors' conduct can tip the scales," Cover story, News, Sept. 23).

We are always mindful that our first obligation is to ensure a just result, and
we hold that as our standard. The number of cases of prosecutorial misconduct,
however, is minuscule when put in the proper context of the number of defendants
the Department of Justice prosecutes each year.

USA TODAY's study purports to address cases of misconduct or ethical violations
that occurred since  Jan. 1, 1998. During that time, the department prosecuted
more than 720,000 cases and more than 1 million defendants, which means that
even if each of the 201 identified cases actually involved prosecutorial
misconduct, the study would be highlighting a ratio of only 1 in 3,600 cases.

In fact, the proportion of cases involving misconduct is significantly smaller
because the 201 identified cases include some examples from well before 1998,
and these cases include instances of attorney error. While we strive to avoid
errors, they are a far cry from intentional misconduct.

The article also gives short shrift to the department's new rigorous and
comprehensive training curriculum. In the last year, we have devoted extensive
resources to training federal prosecutors, law enforcement agents and
paralegals, and making sure that prosecutors across the country understand and
comply with their discovery and ethics obligations. In the very rare instances
where prosecutors intentionally disregard these obligations, we take action.

Occasions of prosecutorial misconduct, however, are extraordinarily few and far
between, as confirmed by an internal review conducted last year by the
department.

The department's career prosecutors are an overwhelmingly conscientious group.
Their efforts should be applauded, not unfairly maligned.

Gary G. Grindler

Acting Deputy Attorney General

Department of Justice

Washington, D.C.

People question little on religion

It does not surprise me that many so-called religious people in America know
very little about world religions, including their own ("Americans stumble on
Religion 101," News, Tuesday).

To the average believer, religion is less a means of seeking spiritual truth
than a mere palliation of personal insecurities.

Such people cannot bear to part with their petty theological dogmas and admit to
the uncertainties of human diversity. Hence, they vainly decline to learn
something about other religions, much less question their own theological
persuasions.

John L. Indo

Houston

No facts in faiths

Is anyone not surprised that atheists had the highest scores on the U.S.
Religious Knowledge Survey?

Anyone who takes the time to learn about all religions will discover that these
faiths are a man-made supernatural soup with not a ladle of fact-based reality.
It's obvious that most believers have no clue as to their own dogmas.

Perhaps Seneca the Younger, the Roman philosopher and dramatist, had the answer
when he said "religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as
false, and by the rulers as useful."

William G. Greer

Sapphire, N.C.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Mica Requested GAO Report Confirms Surge in TSA Personnel Misconduct

LENGTH: 326  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative John L. Mica, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

TSA incidents of employee misconduct have surged more than 26 percent over the
last three years, according to the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO)
report that is subject of a Congressional Oversight hearing today.

Congressman John L. Mica (Winter Park, FL)requested that GAO review numerous
reports of TSA employee meltdowns at the Nation's airports, including Newark
Liberty International Airport, Charlotte Douglas International Airport, John F.
Kennedy International Airport, Honolulu International Airport, Southwest Florida
International Airport (in Ft. Meyers) and Philadelphia International Airport.

"The report confirms our worst suspicions that TSA employee misconduct has spun
out of control," said Mica.  "Not only has TSA failed to properly recruit, train
and administer screening personnel, they have been unable to deal with
misconduct, including the over 9,600 incidents in the last three years."

The report details that nearly one-third of the misconduct cases relating to TSA
employees concerned personnel not even showing up to work.

"The report reveals that nearly 20 percent of the misconduct cases related to
security failures, putting passenger safety and aviation security at risk.  Not
only have we seen incidents of security risk, some employees committed thefts
against passengers and even slept on the job," Mica continued.  "These are
serious infractions since these actions have left TSA short-handed, run up huge
overtime costs and damage the integrity and public confidence of this important
security function."

Mica concluded, "It is time to reassess TSA's role in the aviation screening
process and return the Agency to security and intelligence responsibilities and
remove them from the personnel and human resources businesses at which they are
failing."

For further information please visit: http://mica.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 23, 2007 Friday

Expand public access to police hearings

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 429 words


BALANCING OPEN access to information about public employees and the privacy
rights of those workers in an equitable manner is not always an easy task. Such
is the case regarding public hearings of misconduct complaints against police
officers.

For some time, several of California's largest cities conducted police
disciplinary hearings in public. But a ruling last year by the California
Supreme Court in a San Diego case changed that.

The court ruled that all personnel matters involving police, including
misconduct cases, are not public. Based on that decision, an Alameda County
Superior Court judge ruled in favor of the Berkeley Police Association that
meetings of the city's Police Review Commission be closed to the public.

The purpose of keeping disciplinary hearings closed is to protect police
officers' reputations, which can easily be destroyed by false allegations made
in a public setting.

Once an officer's reputation is ruined, his or her ability to function is
undermined.

However, police officers are public employees, paid by taxpayers who should have
broad access to information about their employees.

Police officers have significant and intrusive powers that they can misuse, and
they should not be totally shielded from public scrutiny.

In an effort to restore public access to police misconduct hearings and the
results of disciplinary action, the California Newspaper Publishers Association
and the American Civil Liberties Union are sponsoring legislation to reverse the
impact of the San Diego ruling.

Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los
Angeles, plan to introduce legislation to improve public scrutiny of police
misconduct.

The bill would let cities hold public hearings on misconduct allegations.

It also would allow disclosure under the California Public Records Act of proven
facts in cases where serious discipline is given to police officers.

Unproved allegations and minor disciplinary matters would remain confidential.

At the very least, the public should have access to the results of misconduct
hearings.

The public does have access to such information regarding other government
employees when allegations against them are found to be true and discipline is
imposed.

There is no good reason for police officers to be the exception to the rule.
They have extraordinary powers, and should be held to a high standard of
conduct.

Certainly, a way can be found to allow public access to information about proven
police misconduct while protecting police from damaged reputations resulting
from false allegations.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  October 30, 1991, Wednesday, Capital Edition

Misconduct Probe in Annapolis

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B4; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 136 words


Annapolis city officials are investigating allegations of on-the-job sexual
misconduct involving uniformed city fire and police employees and already have
disciplined two members of the fire department.

The investigation stems from allegations that firefighters were engaging in
sexual activities at the fire station for a period of time in 1985 or 1986 and
that police officers were engaged in the misconduct more recently, City Attorney
Jonathan Hodgson said yesterday.

The allegations were made eight to 10 weeks ago to the city office of personnel,
Hodgson said. The unspecified disciplinary action was instituted in the fire
department as a result of the investigation, "which involved numerous interviews
and surveillance," he said.

Hodgson would not detail the nature of the alleged misconduct.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 28, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Complaints Against Police Rise, a Report Finds

BYLINE: By GARRY PIERRE-PIERRE

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 25;  Column 4;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 334 words


Complaints against New York City police officers increased 31.8 percent the
first six months of this year, according to a Civilian Complaint Review Board
report released yesterday.

The board said it received 4,516 civilian complaints of police misconduct
compared with 3,454 in the same period last year. Among the acts included in the
report are 228 cases of beatings, 211 punches and kicks and 341 instances of use
of offensive language.

Police Commissioner William J. Bratton criticized the report in a statement,
saying it "failed to provide the depth and breadth of information concerning
alleged police misconduct." He said that in 58.7 percent of the cases the review
board did not provide the officer's race, sex or tenure, and he noted that the
report gives the total number of complaints but does not reveal the number of
officers facing complaints. Detailed information is crucial, he said, if the
Police Department is to adequately assess the scope and nature of police
misconduct.

Hector W. Soto, executive director of the Civilian Complaint Review Board, said,
"We stand firmly behind the numbers and we will continue to work with the Police
Commissioner to provide him with what he needs." He said the Police
Commissioner's criticism is an attempt to detract from the point of the report:
that complaints of police misconduct continue to rise.

Norman Siegel, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, who has
often called on the review board to provide more thorough and detailed
information, said "the role of the C.C.R.B is to articulate to the public and
the police what these dramatic increases mean." Mr. Siegel also has urged Mr.
Bratton to act more aggressively on substantiated complaints, and said "although
he is correct in criticizing the C.C.R.B. for them not doing their job, he
should look in the mirror and realize that he did not do his job either."

The review board was created in 1993 as an independent agency to monitor police
misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 14, 2007 Monday

Lawmakers need to restore public police oversight

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 596 words


In August, the California Supreme Court, in a case titled Copley Press v. County
of San Diego, shelved a longstanding policy in many communities by ruling that
police officers have a right to privacy that supersedes the public's right to
know.

The practical result of that ruling is it eliminated public access to police
disciplinary hearings and records. It closed such hearings and their results
from the public, media and oversight groups in such cities as Berkeley, Oakland,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego.

The Copley ruling flipped community oversight on its ear, dropping a dark cloak
of secrecy over probes of police misconduct. It needs to be reversed.

Senate Bill 1019 sponsored by Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, would restore
the public's right to attend and monitor police disciplinary hearings.

It also expands the public's ability to see police disciplinary records that
were unavailable before the court ruling.

We support passage of

SB1019 and urge the Oakland City Council to do the same when it considers the
topic Tuesday.

As it now stands, due process hearings into misconduct by the public employees
with the most day-to-day power and discretion over the lives and liberties of
ordinary residents are handled exclusively behind closed doors. Misconduct
issues involving other public employees are not so protected.

At stake is the public's ability to hold officers and departments responsible
for their conduct. Deciding and keeping allegations of improper behavior secret
increases the distance between public servants and residents, and sows the seeds
of abuse and mistrust.

Allegations of police misbehavior are not uncommon. Internal investigations
generally yield predictable results that remain a mystery to the public. It is
in the best interest of both police and society that procedures deciding such
issues be transparent. It helps promote the public's trust in government and
ultimately adds to public safety.

This is particularly true in low-income and minority neighborhoods where racial
and social justice are major issues. Such communities are where many complaints
of police misconduct originate.

Denying access to disciplinary hearings and records of officers is contrary to
open records laws and the public's right to know.

As Mark Schlosberg of the ACLU of Northern California so aptly put it, "The
public has a right to know about misconduct by public officials who are paid for
with public tax dollars." That is particularly true when officials have the
power to arrest, detain, interrogate and deprive people of their freedoms.

Police usually prefer that their miscues not be subject to public scrutiny. They
say open hearings and records endanger officers and their families. Where
disciplinary hearings are open to the public, however, history doesn't support
such contentions.

We urge the Legislature to approve Sen. Romero's bill, enabling open policies to
be reinstated -- and instituted where needed. Some observers say access to
police disciplinary records may have to be dropped to get SB1019 through the
Legislature. We hope not, because it is a logical extension of the public's
right to know a government's business and would give residents access to
information, charges and disciplinary action taken against officers.

In a society where municipal, state and federal employees are supposedly public
servants, it's neither too much to ask nor a violation of an officer's privacy
for such information to be public. It is fitting and proper.

Open and accessible -- that's the way such matters should be handled in a
democracy.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 14, 2007 Monday

Public oversight of police needed

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 595 words


In August, the California Supreme Court, in a case titled Copley Press v. County
of San Diego, shelved a longstanding policy in many communities by ruling that
police officers have a right to privacy that supersedes the public's right to
know.

The practical result of that ruling is it eliminated public access to police
disciplinary hearings and records. It closed such hearings and their results
from the public, media and oversight groups in such cities as Berkeley, Oakland,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego.

The Copley ruling flipped community oversight on its ear, dropping a dark cloak
of secrecy over probes of police misconduct. It needs to be reversed.

Senate Bill 1019 sponsored by state Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, would
restore the public's right to attend and monitor police disciplinary hearings.

It also expands the public's ability to see police disciplinary records that
were unavailable before the court ruling.

We support passage of SB1019 and urge the Oakland City Council to do the same
when it considers the topic Tuesday.

As it now stands, due process hearings into misconduct by the public employees
with the most day-to-day power and discretion over the lives and liberties of
ordinary residents are handled exclusively behind closed doors. Misconduct
issues involving other public employees are not so protected.

At stake is the public's ability to hold officers and departments responsible
for their conduct. Deciding and keeping allegations of improper behavior secret
increases the distance between public servants and residents, and sows the seeds
of abuse and mistrust.

Allegations of police misbehavior are not uncommon. Internal investigations
generally yield predictable results that remain a mystery to the public. It is
in the best interest of both police and society that procedures deciding such
issues be transparent. It helps promote the public's trust in government and
ultimately adds to public safety.

This is particularly true in low-income and minority neighborhoods where racial
and social justice are major issues. Such communities are where many complaints
of police misconduct originate.

Denying access to disciplinary hearings and records of officers is contrary to
open records laws and the public's right to know.

As Mark Schlosberg of the ACLU of Northern California so aptly put it, "The
public has a right to know about misconduct by public officials who are paid for
with public tax dollars." That is particularly true when officials have the
power to arrest, detain, interrogate and deprive of their freedoms.

Police usually prefer that their miscues not be subject to public scrutiny. They
say open hearings and records endanger officers and their families. Where
disciplinary hearings are open to the public, however, history doesn't support
such contentions.

We urge the Legislature to approve Sen. Romero's bill, enabling open policies to
be reinstated -- and instituted where needed. Some observers say access to
police disciplinary records may have to be dropped to get SB1019 through the
Legislature. We hope not, because it is a logical extension of the public's
right to know a government's business and would give residents access to
information, charges and disciplinary action taken against officers.

In a society where municipal, state and federal employees are supposedly public
servants, it's neither too much to ask nor a violation of an officer's privacy
for such information to be public. It is fitting and proper.

Open and accessible -- that's the way such matters should be handled in a
democracy.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 14, 2007 Monday

Lawmakers need to restore public oversight of cops

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 596 words


In August, the California Supreme Court, in a case titled Copley Press v. County
of San Diego, shelved a longstanding policy in many communities by ruling that
police officers have a right to privacy that supersedes the public's right to
know.

The practical result of that ruling is it eliminated public access to police
disciplinary hearings and records. It closed such hearings and their results
from the public, press and oversight groups in such cities as Berkeley, Oakland,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego.

The Copley ruling flipped community oversight on its ear, dropping a dark cloak
of secrecy over probes of police misconduct. It needs to be reversed.

Senate Bill 1019 sponsored by State Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, would
restore the public's right to attend and monitor police disciplinary hearings.

It also expands the public's ability to see police disciplinary records that
were unavailable before the court ruling.

We support passage of SB 1019 and urge the Oakland City Council to do the same
when it considers the topic Tuesday.

As it now stands, due process hearings into misconduct by the public employees
with the most day-to-day power and discretion over the lives and liberties of
ordinary citizens are handled exclusively behind closed doors. Misconduct issues
involving other public employees are not so protected.

At stake is the public's ability to hold officers and departments responsible
for their conduct. Deciding and keeping allegations of improper behavior secret
increases the distance between public servants and citizens, and sows the seeds
of abuse and mistrust.

Allegations of police misbehavior are not uncommon. Internal investigations
generally yield predictable results that remain a mystery to the public. It is
in the best interest of both police and society that procedures deciding such
issues be transparent. It helps promote citizen trust of government and
ultimately adds to public safety.

This is particularly true in low-income and minority neighborhoods where racial
and social justice are major issues. Such communities are where many complaints
of police misconduct originate.

Denying access to disciplinary hearings and records of officers is contrary to
open records laws and the public's right to know.

As Mark Schlosberg of the ACLU of Northern California so aptly put it, "The
public has a right to know about misconduct by public officials who are paid for
with public tax dollars." That is particularly true when officials have the
power to arrest, detain, interrogate and deprive one of his or her freedoms.

Police usually prefer that their miscues not be subject to public scrutiny. They
say open hearings and records endanger officers and their families. Where
disciplinary hearings are open to the public, however, history doesn't support
such contentions.

We urge the Legislature to approve Sen. Romero's bill, enabling open policies to
be reinstated -- and instituted where needed. Some observers say access to
police disciplinary records may have to be dropped to get SB 1019 through the
Legislature. We hope not, because it is a logical extension of the public's
right to know a government's business and would give citizens access to
information, charges and disciplinary action taken against officers.

In a society where municipal, state and federal employees are supposedly public
servants, it's neither too much to ask nor a violation of an officer's privacy
for such information to be public. It is fitting and proper.

Open and accessible -- that's the way such matters should be handled in a
democracy.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 14, 2007 Monday

Lawmakers need to restore public oversight of police

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 596 words


In August, the California Supreme Court, in a case titled Copley Press v. County
of San Diego, shelved a longstanding policy in many communities by ruling that
police officers have a right to privacy that supersedes the public's right to
know.

The practical result of that ruling is it eliminated public access to police
disciplinary hearings and records. It closed such hearings and their results
from the public, press and oversight groups in such cities as Berkeley, Oakland,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego.

The Copley ruling flipped community oversight on its ear, dropping a dark cloak
of secrecy over probes of police misconduct. It needs to be reversed.

Senate Bill 1019 sponsored by State Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, would
restore the public's right to attend and monitor police disciplinary hearings.

It also expands the public's ability to see police disciplinary records that
were unavailable before the court ruling.

We support passage of SB1019 and urge the Oakland City Council to do the same
when it considers the topic Tuesday.

As it now stands, due process hearings into misconduct by the public employees
with the most day-to-day power and discretion over the lives and liberties of
ordinary citizens are handled exclusively behind closed doors. Misconduct issues
involving other public employees are not so protected.

At stake is the public's ability to hold officers and departments responsible
for their conduct. Deciding and keeping allegations of improper behavior secret
increases the distance between public servants and citizens, and sows the seeds
of abuse and mistrust.

Allegations of police misbehavior are not uncommon. Internal investigations
generally yield predictable results that remain a mystery to the public. It is
in the best interest of both police and society that procedures deciding such
issues be transparent. It helps promote citizen trust of government and
ultimately adds to public safety.

This is particularly true in low-income and minority neighborhoods where racial
and social justice are major issues. Such communities are where many complaints
of police misconduct originate.

Denying access to disciplinary hearings and records of officers is contrary to
open records laws and the public's right to know.

As Mark Schlosberg of the ACLU of Northern California so aptly put it, "The
public has a right to know about misconduct by public officials who are paid for
with public tax dollars." That is particularly true when officials have the
power to arrest, detain, interrogate and deprive one of his or her freedoms.

Police usually prefer that their miscues not be subject to public scrutiny. They
say open hearings and records endanger officers and their families. Where
disciplinary hearings are open to the public, however, history doesn't support
such contentions.

We urge the Legislature to approve Sen. Romero's bill, enabling open policies to
be reinstated -- and instituted where needed. Some observers say access to
police disciplinary records may have to be dropped to get SB 1019 through the
Legislature. We hope not, because it is a logical extension of the public's
right to know a government's business and would give citizens access to
information, charges and disciplinary action taken against officers.

In a society where municipal, state and federal employees are supposedly public
servants, it's neither too much to ask nor a violation of an officer's privacy
for such information to be public. It is fitting and proper.

Open and accessible -- that's the way such matters should be handled in a
democracy.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 23, 1980 Tuesday

Holiday spirit   packs punch

BYLINE: ALLEN ABEL; GAM

LENGTH: 741 words


BY  ALLEN ABEL
   The coach of Philadelphia Flyers was reduced to tears. Pat Quinn
 complained that Washington Capitals arrived at the Spectrum for Sunday
 night's game with naught but malice on their minds. Nineteen seconds into
 the first period, a brawl broke out. Quinn sobbed at the malevolence of it
 all.

"They came in to play rough, dirty hockey," he moaned. Dirty hockey at  the
Spectrum? Perish the thought!     The game summary bulged with abbreviated
mayhem. Major, major, bench  minor, bench minor, misconduct, misconduct,
misconduct, misconduct,  misconduct, misconduct, misconduct, misconduct, 0:19.
"There was no question what was on their minds," said Pat Quinn.      --
Coach bewails   mistreatment      --      The coach wailed at the premeditated
mistreatment of Ken Linseman. He  charged that Yvon Labre hit Linseman with his
stick. On purpose, yet.     "You could tell something was going to happen,"
Quinn said. Linseman,  bless 'im, was going to retaliate.

Admission was charged to watch 11 men sit in the penalty box.
    "It was stupid," said Pat Quinn.

Wednesday night in Toronto, Gordie Roberts of the North Stars got into
 a fight with Darryl Sittler of the Maple Leafs in the first period. It was
 Roberts's first game as a North Star. One must make an impression, mustn't
 one? Six other players stood around and watched.

Major, major, bench minor, bench minor, misconduct, misconduct,
 misconduct, misconduct, misconduct, misconduct, 16:08.

Rick Vaive of the Maple Leafs dropped his gloves, jumped on the pile,
 was pulled off, stood up, kicked the puck, squirmed away from the
 linesman, swatted at the linesman, leaned over the bench, held his head in
 his hands, shook his head, wrestled with the linesman, moved down the
 runway, got pelted with some garbage, struggled with an usher and took a
 shower. Misconduct. Game misconduct.

After that, they played forty-three minutes and fifty-two seconds of
 ice hockey. There were two minor penalties. Holding, cross-checking.
    "Fighting is an unavoidable result of the frustrations of our sport,"
 says John Ziegler.

Unavoidable except when they feel like avoiding it, he means.

Saturday night in Brantford, they waited until the second period of the
 junior game to go berserk. The story says that 10 players were thrown out,
 some of whom were old enough to shave. Five Alexanders and five Kitchener
 Rangers will be suspended.

The Ontario Major Junior Hockey League abhors violence.

Major, major, major, major, major, game misconduct, game misconduct,
 game misconduct, game misconduct, game misconduct, game misconduct, game
 misconduct, game misconduct, game misconduct, game misconduct.

There were so many penalties, Kitchener was forced to use a forward in
 goal.
     --
    Injured player has
  his clothing torn
     --
      Somebody grabbed a Brantford player and tore his clothing. This was
 in the stands. The player was out of the lineup with an injury.

So was the regular organist. She was in hospital. When the brawling got
 out of hand, they played recorded Christmas carols on the loudspeaker to
 restore order.

Peace on earth, good will to everybody who isn't on the other team.
   Sacred harmony has been restored to the Canadian Division of the
 National Hockey League. Montreal Canadiens have climbed out of the
 squirming pack to lead the fictive heptet. Claude's in his heaven, all's
 right with the world. The statistics of the thriving CanDiv, counting only
 matches played among Canadian-based teams:
                              Canadian Division
 GP  W  L  T   F   A  P
 Montreal             11  7  2  2  46  29 16
 Vancouver            10  6  1  3  51  34 15
 Quebec               11  3  3  5  45  47 11
 Toronto              10  4  4  2  45  46 10
 Calgary               9  3  3  3  32  33  9
 Edmonton             10  3  6  1  36  43  7
 Winnipeg              9  0  7  2  20  43  2
                                   Results
   Montreal 4, Edmonton 1; Quebec 6, Edmonton 5; Montreal 4, Vancouver 4;
 Montreal 4, Calgary 0; Edmonton 4, Montreal 3.
                                Future Games
   Tonight - Montreal at Quebec.

Leading goal scorers: Dave Williams, Vancouver, Jacques Richard,
 Quebec, 10; Per-Olov Brasar, Vancouver, 8; Jamie Hislop, Quebec, Rejean
 Houle, Montreal, Darryl Sittler, Wilf Paiement, Toronto, 7.

Leading goaltenders (minimum 3 games): Rejean Lemelin, Calgary, 1.67;
 Denis Herron, Montreal, 2.67; Michel Larocque, Montreal, 3.00; Michel
 Plasse, Quebec, 3.67.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 16, 2007 Friday

Expand public access

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 437 words


BALANCING OPEN access to information about public employees and the privacy
rights of those workers in an equitable manner is not always an easy task. Such
is the case regarding public hearings of misconduct complaints against police
officers.

For some time, several of California's largest cities conducted police
disciplinary hearings in public. But a ruling last year by the California
Supreme Court in a San Diego case put an end to all such open hearings except in
Berkeley.

The court ruled that all personnel matters involving police, including
misconduct cases, are not public. Based on that decision, an Alameda County
Superior Court judge ruled in favor of the Berkeley Police Association that
meetings of the city's Police Review Commission be closed to the public.

The purpose of keeping disciplinary hearings closed is to protect police
officers' reputations, which can easily be destroyed by false allegations made
in a public setting.

Once an officer's reputation is ruined, his or her ability to function is
undermined.

However, police officers are public employees, paid by taxpayers who should have
broad access to information about their employees.

Police officers have significant and intrusive powers that they can misuse, and
they should not be totally shielded from public scrutiny.

In an effort to restore public access to police misconduct hearings and the
results of disciplinary action, the California Newspaper Publishers Association
and the American Civil Liberties Union are sponsoring legislation to reverse the
impact of the San Diego ruling.

Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los
Angeles, will introduce legislation this month to improve public scrutiny of
police misconduct.

The bill would let cities hold public hearings on misconduct allegations.

It also would allow disclosure under the California Public Records Act of proven
facts in cases were serious discipline is given to police officers.

Unproved allegations and minor disciplinary matters would remain confidential.

At the very least, the public should have access to the results of misconduct
hearings.

The public does have access to such information regarding other government
employees when allegations against them are found to be true and discipline is
imposed.

There is no good reason for police officers to be the exception to the rule.
They have extraordinary powers and should be held to a high standard of conduct.

Certainly, a way can be found to allow public access to information about proven
police misconduct while protecting police from damaged reputations resulting
from false allegations.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 13, 2007 Sunday

Lawmakers need to restore public oversight of police

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 596 words


In August, the California Supreme Court, in a case titled Copley Press v. County
of San Diego, shelved a longstanding policy in many communities by ruling that
police officers have a right to privacy that supersedes the public's right to
know.

The practical result of that ruling is it eliminated public access to police
disciplinary hearings and records. It closed such hearings and their results
from the public, press and oversight groups in such cities as Berkeley, Oakland,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego.

The Copley ruling flipped community oversight on its ear, dropping a dark cloak
of secrecy over probes of police misconduct. It needs to be reversed.

Senate Bill 1019 sponsored by State Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, would
restore the public's right to attend and monitor police disciplinary hearings.

It also expands the public's ability to see police disciplinary records that
were unavailable before the court ruling.

We support passage of SB 1019 and urge the Oakland City Council to do the same
when it considers the topic Tuesday.

As it now stands, due process hearings into misconduct by the public employees
with the most day-to-day power and discretion over the lives and liberties of
ordinary citizens are handled exclusively behind closed doors. Misconduct issues
involving other public employees are not so protected.

At stake is the public's ability to hold officers and departments responsible
for their conduct. Deciding and keeping allegations of improper behavior secret
increases the distance between public servants and citizens, and sows the seeds
of abuse and mistrust.

Allegations of police misbehavior are not uncommon. Internal investigations
generally yield predictable results that remain a mystery to the public. It is
in the best interest of both police and society that procedures deciding such
issues be transparent. It helps promote citizen trust of government and
ultimately adds to public safety.

This is particularly true in low-income and minority neighborhoods where racial
and social justice are major issues. Such communities are where many complaints
of police misconduct originate.

Denying access to disciplinary hearings and records of officers is contrary to
open records laws and the public's right to know.

As Mark Schlosberg of the ACLU of Northern California so aptly put it, "The
public has a right to know about misconduct by public officials who are paid for
with public tax dollars." That is particularly true when officials have the
power to arrest, detain, interrogate and deprive one of his or her freedoms.

Police usually prefer that their miscues not be subject to public scrutiny. They
say open hearings and records endanger officers and their families. Where
disciplinary hearings are open to the public, however, history doesn't support
such contentions.

We urge the Legislature to approve Sen. Romero's bill, enabling open policies to
be reinstated -- and instituted where needed. Some observers say access to
police disciplinary records may have to be dropped to get SB 1019 through the
Legislature. We hope not, because it is a logical extension of the public's
right to know a government's business and would give citizens access to
information, charges and disciplinary action taken against officers.

In a society where municipal, state and federal employees are supposedly public
servants, it's neither too much to ask nor a violation of an officer's privacy
for such information to be public. It is fitting and proper.

Open and accessible -- that's the way such matters should be handled in a
democracy.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Idaho: Watchdog: TSA misconduct cases grew 26% in three years

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: Boise


Department of Transportation, The State of Idaho has issued the following press
release:

Misconduct cases among Transportation Security Administration workers rose 26%
over the last three years, according to a government watchdog Tuesday.

The number of misconduct cases rose to 3,408 last year from 2,691 in 2010,
according to the Government Accountability Office. Nearly one-third (32%) of the
cases involved attendance and 20% dealt with violating security standards, such
as allowing travelers and luggage to bypass screening.

Nearly half the cases (47%) resulted in letters of reprimand describing
unacceptable conduct, 31% resulted in suspensions and 17% resulted in the worker
leaving the agency, according to GAO.

"While TSA has taken steps to help manage the investigations and adjudication
process, such as providing training to TSA staff at airports, additional
procedures could help TSA better monitor the investigations and adjudications
process," said in a 38-page report from Stephen Lord, director of homeland
security issues for GAO.

The cases are sometimes publicized. A TSA officer at Orlando's airport pleaded
guilty in 2011 to embezzlement and theft for stealing 80 laptop computers and
other electronics worth $80,000 from passenger luggage.

The report's time frame coincided with the tenure of TSA Administrator John
Pistole, a former deputy director of the FBI who tightened enforcement of
workplace rules.

Several clusters of workers were fired a year ago in separate incidents at
Newark airport for sleeping on the job, at Philadelphia airport for cheating on
tests and at Fort Myers, Fla, airport for failing to conduct random screenings.

TSA released a statement Tuesday saying that the agency is already working to
implement GAO recommendations for verifying that airport workers are complying
with rules.

"TSA holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and expects all TSA
employees to conduct themselves with integrity and professionalism," the
statement said. "There is zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace and TSA
takes appropriate action when substantiated, including anything from a referral
to law enforcement or termination of employment."

In a written reply to the GAO report, TSA said it created a special employee
relations office in 2004 to provide supervisors and managers the ability to deal
with misconduct. In 2010, the agency created an office of professional
responsibility to review and adjudicate allegations of misconduct investigated
by the inspector general's office.

"When employees engage in misconduct, it undermines the mission and the public
trust," wrote Jim Crumpacker, director of the agency's liaison office with GAO.
"TSA takes these matters very seriously and strives to ensure that the actions
taken in response to allegations of misconduct are appropriate and timely."

The House Homeland Security Committee is holding a hearing on TSA personnel
misconduct Wednesday.

The chairman of the oversight subcommittee, Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., said the
GAO report "raises troubling concerns about misconduct at our airports" and show
"that TSA plays fast and loose with its use of recommended penalties."

The top Democrat on the committee, Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi, voiced
frustration that TSA doesn't have a system to adjudicate misconduct cases
consistently a decade after the agency was created.

"Failing to do so leaves TSA vulnerable to claims that punishment for misconduct
could be tainted by influences beyond the facts of each case," Thompson said.

For further information please visit: http://apps.itd.idaho.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 14, 2007 Monday

Public oversight of police needs restoring

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 598 words


IN AUGUST, the California Supreme Court, in a case titled Copley Press v. County
of San Diego, shelved a longstanding policy in many communities by ruling that
police officers have a right to privacy that supersedes the public's right to
know.

The practical result of that ruling is it eliminated public access to police
disciplinary hearings and records. It closed such hearings and their results
from the public, media and oversight groups in such cities as Berkeley, Oakland,
San Francisco, Los Angeles and San Diego.

The Copley ruling flipped community oversight on its ear, dropping a dark cloak
of secrecy over probes of police misconduct. It needs to be reversed.

State Senate Bill 1019 sponsored by State Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles,
would restore the public's right to attend and monitor police disciplinary
hearings.

It also expands the public's ability to see police disciplinary records that
were unavailable before the court ruling.

We support passage of SB1019 and urge the Oakland City Council to do the same
when it considers the topic Tuesday.

As it now stands, due process hearings into misconduct by the public employees
with the most day-to-day power and discretion over the lives and liberties of
ordinary residents are handled exclusively behind closed doors. Misconduct
issues involving other public employees are not so protected.

At stake is the public's ability to hold officers and departments responsible
for their conduct. Deciding and keeping allegations of improper behavior secret
increases the distance between public servants and residents, and sows the seeds
of abuse and mistrust.

Allegations of police misbehavior are not uncommon. Internal investigations
generally yield predictable results that remain a mystery to the public. It is
in the best interest of both police and society that procedures deciding such
issues be transparent. It helps promote the public's trust in government and
ultimately adds to public safety.

This is particularly true in low-income and minority neighborhoods where racial
and social justice are major issues. Such communities are where many complaints
of police misconduct originate.

Denying access to disciplinary hearings and records of officers is contrary to
open records laws and the public's right to know.

As Mark Schlosberg of the ACLU of Northern California so aptly put it, "The
public has a right to know about misconduct by public officials who are paid for
with public tax dollars." That is particularly true when officials have the
power to arrest, detain, interrogate and deprive people of their freedoms.

Police usually prefer that their miscues not be subject to public scrutiny. They
say open hearings and records endanger officers and their families. Where
disciplinary hearings are open to the public, however, history doesn't support
such contentions.

We urge the Legislature to approve Sen. Romero's bill, enabling open policies to
be reinstated -- and instituted where needed. Some observers say access to
police disciplinary records may have to be dropped to get SB1019 through the
Legislature. We hope not, because it is a logical extension of the public's
right to know a government's business and would give residents access to
information, charges and disciplinary action taken against officers.

In a society where municipal, state and federal employees are supposedly public
servants, it's neither too much to ask nor a violation of an officer's privacy
for such information to be public. It is fitting and proper.

Open and accessible -- that's the way such matters should be handled in a
democracy.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 22, 2008 Saturday

Trolley Square hero faces misconduct allegations

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 299 words


An Ogden police officer lauded for his efforts in ending a shooting rampage at
Salt Lake City's Trolley Square mall last year has been placed on administrative
leave, pending an investigation into alleged misconduct.

Ogden police won't elaborate on the specifics of Ken Hammond's alleged
misconduct, but confirmed he was suspended with pay after someone filed a
complaint Oct. 29 about an incident that took place in 2005, according to a news
release from Ogden Police Chief Jon Greiner.

Weber County Attorney Mark DeCaria told the Standard-Examiner that his office is
handling the investigation into Hammond's alleged misconduct , but he also
declined to say what the claims of misconduct stem from.

Hammond was off duty having an early Valentine's Day dinner with his wife when
Suljeman Talovic began firing shotgun rounds inside the Trolley Square Mall on
Feb. 12, 2007. Hammond drew his weapon and engaged the 18-year-old until SWAT
teams arrived. He is credited with saving the lives of shoppers and mall workers
in Talovic's line of fire.

Six people died in the shootings, including Talovic. Four others were injured.

Hammond, a seven-year veteran of the Ogden Police Department, received
commendations after the shootings.

In April 2007, he was named "Officer of the Month" by the Washington, D.C.-based
National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund. The nonprofit honors federal, state and
local police officers who show exemplary service.

Earlier this month, the Florida-based American Police Hall of Fame picked
Hammond as its 2008 "Officer of the Year," according to the organization's Web
site, www.aphf.org.

Attempts to reach Hammond for comment Saturday were unsuccessful. Police would
not comment on why the person who filed the complaint choose to bring forward
allegations from 2005 at this time.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Above, Officer Hammond (right) is joined by his wife Sarita Hammond
(left) to discuss the events surrounding Monday night. Ogden Police Department
held a press conference Tuesday to commend Master Officer Ken Hammond who is
being hailed as a hero during the Trolley Square shooting spree Monday night.
Hammond was having dinner with his wife at Rodizio Grill, a restaurant in
Trolley Square, when the 18-year-old shooter began firing at shoppers at the
mall and Hammond, hearing the shots, went after him. The Salt Lake Tribune/Leah
Hogsten 2/13/07 Ogden

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 25, 1993, Sunday

ABOUT THE SOUTH

BYLINE: By Evan Wilsonsouthern; states; history; military; personnel; war;
deaths; food; personnel; education

SECTION: DIXIE LIVING; Section N; Page 2

LENGTH: 846 words


YESTERDAY West Point's first black graduate

1940

Henry Ossian Flipper of Thomasville, Ga., the first African American to graduate
from West Point, died April 26, 1940, at age 84. Cadet Flipper was commissioned
a second lieutenant on June 15, 1877, ranking 50th in a class of 77.

The son of slaves, Flipper attended Atlanta University before being appointed to
West Point in 1873. At the academy, Flipper remembered being treated "very
courteously by his instructors."

In private, his fellow cadets often treated him "as an equal" but in public did
not because they feared being "labeled as a friend of the Negro," he said.

He served with distinction during the Indian wars and designed a ditch that
reduced malaria among the troops. He was accused of embezzlement, however, and
was court-martialed in 1882 on a charge of conduct unbecoming an officer. The
charge "later proved to be untrue,'' the Army admitted after his death.

Flipper was posthumously exonerated in 1976 as the result of efforts by Ray
MacColl, a South Georgia schoolteacher.

The Civil War death ship few remember

1865

On April 27, 1865, the overcrowded 260-foot wooden steamer Sultana exploded on
the Mississippi River near Memphis. The disaster killed more Union soldiers than
any battle of the Civil War except the Wilderness, Gettysburg, Spottsylvania and
Antietam.

Although the explosion killed more Union troops than died at Chancellorsville,
Chickamauga or Shiloh, it went virtually unnoticed in the press of the day
because of other momentous events that month. Gen. Robert E. Lee surrendered at
Appomattox at the beginning of April 1865; President Abraham Lincoln was
murdered 10 days later; and the assassin, John Wilkes Booth, was tracked down
and killed the day the Sultana reached Memphis from Vicksburg on her trip north.

The Sultana carried an estimated 2,000 passengers, most of them emaciated and
weakened soldiers from the Andersonville, Ga., and Cahaba, Ala., prisoner camps.
More than 1,800 of them died. Those not killed in the explosion drowned in the
cold, swift river.

Why the South turned away some slaves

1798

During the French Revolution, many American Southerners feared spillover from
slave revolts on French St. Domingue in the Caribbean. Both the Carolinas,
Virginia and Georgia outlawed the arrival of slaves from the Caribbean. Maryland
rescinded a law permitting French nationals to bring their slaves there.

Nonetheless, slave shipwrights brought to Baltimore are credited with having
introduced the fast Baltimore schooner, a characteristic French ship.

New Orleans saw the number of French-speaking free people of color more than
double by 1809. Historians believe they brought with them the design for the
shotgun house.

When, in May 1798, Pierre Dominique Toussaint Louverture, an ex- slave who
became a revolutionary general, initiated the tortuous process of creating an
independent Haiti where St. Domingue had been, the refugee hemorrhage began
slowly to be staunched.

TODAY Finally, a miniature golf course for purists

Miniature golf is one of the South's favorite games, but you won't find any
wacky devices on the Grass Course in Kill Devil Hills on North Carolina's Outer
Banks.

The course is carved out of rye and Bermuda grass, not Astroturf. Holes, from
par 3 to par 5, feature tough doglegs and tricky lays. How good is the course?
Real golfers come to test their putting skills. "About a quarter of the players
bring their own putters," developer Rick Willis, who has opened two of the au
naturel courses, tells Men's Journal magazine.

PREPARING CHEFS: With the closest culinary schools in New Orleans and few chefs
around, owners of casinos around Gulfport, Miss., faced a shortage of chefs. So
they're starting their own cooking school with 20 people training for the
coast's dockside casinos.

"The market here is such that you can go out of the state and pay high salaries
to get a chef," said Casino Magic's executive chef, Gary Barnette. "But almost
no one here has the experience or qualifications." The first 12-week class at
the Jefferson Davis campus of Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College begins
this week.

Cooks are paid between $ 7.50 and $ 16 an hour, Mr. Barnette said. There are
more than 200 cooks currently working at the Coast's four casinos. Plans are
that other casinos would be able to eventually draw chefs from the school.

The first class at Jefferson Davis will include eight cooks already at Casino
Magic. The remaining 12 are expected to work there, and the casino will pay all
the students to go to school.

Organizers say the program at Jefferson Davis likely will evolve into one that
offers a degree and is certified by the American Culinary Federation - a stamp
of approval given to those schools that produce the finest chefs.

Principal sources: "Application for Commemorative Stamp: Lt. Henry O. Flipper,"
U.S. Military Academy; "The Sultana Tragedy," by Jerry O. Potter; "Haiti's
Influence on Antebellum America: Slumbering Volcano in the Caribbean," by Alfred
N. Hunt; news services.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931350194

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Henry Ossian Flipper Photo: The Steamer Sultana burning
on the Mississippi River near Memphis, April 27, 1865./ Pelican Publishing Co.

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          November 27, 1993, Saturday

PRO HOCKEY Knights top Eagles 4-1 in homestand opener

BYLINE: By Louis T. Mayeux STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Section D; Page 8

LENGTH: 329 words


At least the Atlanta Knights got Thanksgiving off. The Salt Lake City Golden
Eagles had to play Thursday night in Phoenix, then catch a red-eye flight that
arrived only a few hours before Friday's afternoon game.

Playing their third game in four days against a team even more tired than they
were, the Knights returned home after a 15-day road trip to beat the Golden
Eagles 4-1 before a crowd of 6,860. It was the Knights' second straight victory
after a 3-1 win in Cincinnati Wednesday.

Knights center Brent Gretzky broke out of a scoring slump with two goals in the
second period to give the Knights their 4-1 margin.

In the scoreless third period, Knights defenseman Eric Charron received four
penalties on one play - five minutes each for slashing and fighting, one
10-minute misconduct and an additional 10-minute game misconduct, which means he
was ejected for the remainder of the game, for prolonged fighting with Salt
Lake's Jason Simon. Simon was penalized five minutes for fighting and a
10-minute misconduct. he IHL could suspend Charron for today's 1:08 p.m. game
against the Eagles. Knights coach Gene Ubriaco said he would appeal the double
misconduct.

The Knights had 33 shots, and scored on only one of 10 power-play opportunities.

Gretzy's goals, at 1:32 and 4:33 into the second period, looked about the same
as right winger Stan Drulia both times fed him the puck near the right face-off
circle, and he slammed it in.

"I was kind of struggling on the road, trying too hard to get over my slump,"
Gretzky said. He'd gone four games without scoring and two games without a shot.

The Knights released left winger Larry DePalma, who'd been on a 25- game
contract, after DePalma received an inquiry from the New York Islanders. After
the game, the Tampa Bay Lightning recalled right winger Tim Bergland.

Briefly . . .

Goalie Manon Rheaume got her second win of the season Wednesday in the Knoxville
Cherokees' 8-1 victory over Huntington.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933350779

GRAPHIC: Photo: Atlanta's Brent Gretzky (left) snatches the puck from Salt
Lake's Derrick Armstrong. / W.A. BRIDGES JR. / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                  WEB Edition

Open-government group eyes police-lawsuit settlements

BYLINE: BY DAVID GAMBACORTA; Daily News Staff Writer gambacd@phillynews.com,
215-854-5994

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 357 words


T HE CITY shells out a pretty penny every year to settle lawsuits based on
allegations of police misconduct.

MuckRock.com, which bills itself as a "collaborative news site" that helps
journalists, researchers and citizens analyze and share government documents,
posted an online report yesterday that looked at how Philadelphia's annual
payouts stack up against those in a handful of other large cities.

The findings might not surprise you.

The city has shelled out more than $40 million to settle 584 of the 1,223
police-misconduct lawsuits - think wrongful-shooting deaths, excessive force or
illegal searches - filed since January 2009, the website reported.

During the same period, a combined $16.6 million has been spent by four cities -
Indianapolis, Ind.; Austin, Texas; San Jose, Calif., and San Francisco - to
settle 122 police-misconduct lawsuits.

Individually, the four cities each have fewer people than Philly's 1.5 million.
But their combined population is more than twice as large as Philly's, said Todd
Feathers, a MuckRock.com reporter.

Feathers said the report stemmed from requests the website has sent to the 20
largest U.S. cities for information on police-lawsuit settlements. The website
is still parsing through data from some of those cities.

"I didn't know too much about Philadelphia, but I knew the police had a
reputation for being hard cases," he said. "I was not expecting the [settlement]
numbers to so far exceed the numbers we were getting from other cities."

Earlier this year, the Daily News reported that the city has shelled out more
than $70 million since 2008 to settle lawsuits related to police-involved car
accidents and civil-rights violations.

City Solicitor Shelley Smith said the Law Department holds regular
"risk-management" discussions with the Police Department to review lawsuits
filed against cops, to determine whether larger trends or problem areas are
arising.

Those discussions, Smith said, have been going on for 22 years. The website's
report didn't include enough detailed information about the other cities to make
a proper comparison to Philly, she said.

On Twitter: @dgambacorta


LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: DN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 18, 1995, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Packwood target of misconduct probe

BYLINE: Jessica Lee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 242 words


The Senate Ethics Committee Wednesday spelled out -- in graphic detail -- its
reasons for launching a full-scale investigation into charges of sexual and
criminal misconduct by Sen. Bob Packwood.

A five-page report concluded "there is substantial credible evidence" the Oregon
Republican, head of the powerful finance committee, may have:

-- Abused his office by engaging in sexual misconduct between 1969 and 1990.

-- Violated federal laws by altering evidence in an official ethics probe.

-- Used his office to solicit money for personal use.

The five-term senator put the best face on the probe.

"Now I will have an opportunity to request an appearance before the committee to
discuss this matter," he said.

The panel's report describes 18 incidents -- alleged in sworn testimony,
interviews or documents -- in which Packwood is accused of harassing Senate
employees and others.

It details five occasions in which a woman charged Packwood with "forcing his
tongue into her mouth." It also includes several incidents in which he is
accused of unwanted kissing, touching, fondling and groping women.

The report, after 30 months of informal investigation, was released without
comment. Members are expected to hold a news conference today.

The announcement comes at a crucial time, as Packwood begins leading efforts to
balance the federal budget.

He could face censure, reprimand or expulsion depending on the probe's outcome.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Sports in 60 seconds

SECTION: SPORTS_; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 733 words


Academic misconduct on rise:

The head of NCAA enforcement says academic misconduct is on the rise in college
athletics and his department is currently handling 20 open investigations.

Vice president of enforcement Jon Duncan said Wednesday in an interview with The
Associated Press the cases involve both prospective and incoming athletes trying
to become eligible for college competition, and enrolled athletes receiving
impermissible assistance from university and athletic department personnel.

Eighteen of the cases involve Division I schools, though NCAA policies preclude
Duncan from revealing which programs are under investigation.

North Carolina has been the focus of the NCAA's most high-profile infractions
case involving academics. Last year an independent investigator found that
hundreds of Tar Heels athletes over nearly two decades were steered toward sham
classes that gave out high grades for little work.

Also, Notre Dame had four football players suspended all of last season because
of academic misconduct. The school needed to report the incident to the NCAA,
though ultimately it was a violation of the university's honor code that cost
the players the season.

Duncan said reasons for the uptick are impossible to pinpoint, but he speculated
potential contributors are raised academic standards for athletes and recent
reforms that tie academic performance to a team's postseason eligibility.

Gagne placed on waivers:

A person familiar with the decision has told The AP that the Boston Bruins
placed veteran forward Simon Gagne on waivers for the purpose of releasing him.
The decision is regarded a formality. Two weeks ago, the Bruins announced Gagne
was placed on their "suspended" list and would miss the remainder of the season
following the death of his father in December. The 34-year-old, with 3 goals in
23 games this season, was attempting a comeback with Boston after missing all of
last season.

-- The Columbus Blue Jackets placed left wing Jeremy Morin on injured reserve
with an upper-body injury that will sideline him indefinitely. Morin has a goal
and 2 assists and nine penalty minutes in 17 games with the Blue Jackets this
season after being acquired from the Hawks in a trade on Dec. 14.

Braves come to terns with Toscano:

Cuban outfielder Dian Toscano and the Atlanta Braves have agreed to a $6
million, four-year contract. The 25-year-old batted .356 during the 2012-13
season for Villa Clara in Cuba.

-- A person familiar with the negotiations tells The Associated Press that third
baseman David Freese avoided arbitration with the Los Angeles Angels, agreeing
to a one-year deal for $6.425 million.

-- Free-agent reliever Casey Janssen and the Washington Nationals agreed to a
one-year contract with an option for 2016, a person familiar with the
negotiations said.

-- Ichiro Suzuki passed his physical and finalized a $2 million, one-year
contract with the Miami Marlins.

-- The Diamondbacks hired Joe Carter as special assistant to GM Dave Stewart.

Etc.: Jimbo Fisher's eight-year contract extension will begin with a $5 million
salary in 2015 and includes a significant buyout if he chooses to leave Florida
State before the end of the 2022 season. The school announced the contract Dec.
23, but released the financial details as part of a public records request.

-- NASCAR Hall of Famer and former three-time Cup champion David Pearson is
recovering from a mild stroke he suffered on Dec. 9. Pearson's family released a
statement Wednesday that says he is "doing great and well on the road to
recovery."

-- The Seattle Storm traded Camille Little and Shekinna Stricklen to the
Connecticut Sun for the third and 15th picks in the upcoming WNBA draft and
Renee Montgomery.

-- Jessica Korda, Stacy Lewis and Azahara Munoz each shot 5-under 67 in the
opening round of the LPGA Tour season opener in Ocala, Fla.

-- The PGA of Australia says former British Open winner and U.S. Open runner-up
Kel Nagle has died. He was 94.

-- Neymar scored twice, and Barcelona won 3-2 at Atletico Madrid on Wednesday
night to reach the Copa del Rey semifinals on 4-2 aggregate. Barcelona will play
Villarreal or Getafe, who play today following the Yellow Submarine's 1-0 win in
the first leg.

-- Authorities were investigating a weekend bar fight in which an Eastern
Kentucky student was injured and that possibly involved football players from
that school and the University of Kentucky, police said.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Blue notes: NHL rescinds game misconduct on Reaves

BYLINE:  By Tom Timmermann St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 425 words


Not only did the NHL not bring any further punishment against Blues forward Ryan
Reaves on Thursday for his hit on Chicago's Christian Ehrhoff that got him a
five-minute major penalty for charging and a game misconduct, but they rescinded
the game misconduct, wiping it from Reaves' record.

"You could see I disagreed with the call," said Reaves, who slammed his stick
against a wall as he left the ice and headed to the dressing room. "I think the
league did too. There was no discipline against me and they took away the
10-minute on my record. It was a clean hit. Just a Blues-Blackhawks game."

Getting the game misconduct rescinded is significant, because it would have been
the second this season for Reaves; a third game misconduct means an automatic
one-game suspension.

"That's good news," coach Ken Hitchcock said.

Reaves had received a game misconduct in his most recent game at Scottrade
Center on Feb. 22 for a boarding call against San Jose's Matt Tennyson that got
him a three-game suspension and an $18,000 fine.

He said the calls against him won't affect how he plays the game.

"I only know how to play one game," he said. "I bring energy. I've been in this
league six, seven years. I haven't had an incident until this year. I know how
to play that way, I know how to hit. I know how to do it clean and still do it
hard. It's not going to change. I can't let it change."

WINTER CLASSIC

Blues center Paul Stastny grew up in St. Louis and is excited about the city
hosting the Winter Classic in 2017 at Busch Stadium.

"I think it's awesome," he said. "It's something this town is deserving of.
Hockey has grown so much here in the past 25 years. It's still growing. What a
venue that is too, the way it's set up with the Arch in the background and the
whole city. It's going to be magical and something we're looking forward to."

Stastny didn't play a whole lot of hockey outdoors growing up, but Reaves grew
up in Winnipeg, and with the long, cold winter there, it was a pretty common
experience. In Winnipeg, however, it's a more complicated endeavor.

"Put the balaclava on," he said, "put eight jackets on, a couple pairs of mitts
and get out there with a little hot chocolate and play some shinny," he said.

Winnipeg also will host an outdoor game next season, but Reaves isn't so sure
about that, even with the game being played in October.

"It's going to be cold," he said. "I definitely would not go to watch that."

o Gordon: Hosting Classic caps Blues' rise

o Read more: Blues have placed their trust in their rookies

o Preview: Blues vs. Ducks

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  St. Louis Blues right winger Ryan Reaves (right) missed three games as
punishment for a hit on San Jose's Matt Tennyson. Photo by Chris Lee,
clee@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 8, 1993, Friday

REGION IN BRIEF Group calls for war on rural poverty

BYLINE: Compiled by Mike Smith

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 432 words


The U.S. government should rechannel $ 600 million a year into a new
anti-poverty program run by residents of the nation's poorest counties, a
coalition of Southern groups said Thursday.

Leaders of the coalition, the Southern Rural Development Initiative, said the
effort should be aimed at 540 rural counties, half of them in the South, that
have had poverty rates above 20 percent for the past 40 years. David Lollis of
the Human Economic Appalachian Development Corp., a coalition member, said
federal aid to the poor currently is being used "to feather people's nests that
no longer need to be feathered."

Georgia leads the nation with 65 counties that have been persistently poor,
followed by Mississippi with 62, Kentucky with 55, Louisiana with 33 and
Arkansas with 31.

-RUNNING OUT OF ROOM: Abandoned schools and military barracks may be pressed
into service to help North Carolina handle its growing prison population. The
state expects a record 31,000 prisoners by year's end in a system designed to
hold 21,000. And the state will lose 2,300 spaces next year under a
court-ordered plan to ease crowding. Sending prisoners out of state also is
being considered. "We have gone so far as to identify 300 beds in the state of
Georgia that we could have inmates in within 30 to 45 days of signing a
contract," said Correction Secretary Franklin Freeman.

-CONDUCT UNBECOMING: Cadets at Virginia Military Institute have been ordered to
ferret out a racist among their ranks who has left death threats on the door of
a black student. The FBI also has been called in to investigate.

-TEAMWORK: The Lexington (N.C.) High School football team got some extra
practice in sprints and tackling when a robbery suspect ran across their field
this week. "Someone yelled 'Get him,' and about 30 guys ran down to the fence
where he was trying to get over," said coach Randy Holmes. "Our guys held him
down until the officers got down there."

ELSEWHERE

More than 170 authors will give readings, sign autographs and discuss their
craft during the three-day Southern Festival of Books, opening today at the
Legislative Plaza in Nashville, Tenn. . . . Texaco Inc. gave 3,000 acres of
hardwood and sweet gum tupelo forests near Lafayette, La., to the Nature
Conservancy. . . . Alabama's pension program now owns the nation's
second-largest office building: 55 Water St. in New York, which has 3.6 million
square feet of space. . . . A black orthodontist turned down an invitation to
join the all-white Jacksonville (Fla.) Yacht Club, which has been under fire for
its membership policies.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932820089

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Teacher at private Palo Alto school accused of sexual misconduct

BYLINE: Jason Green, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


Jan. 10--An English teacher at Castilleja School in Palo Alto has resigned
amidst allegations that she engaged in sexual misconduct with two students at
schools in Tennessee and Texas in the 1980s.

The students contacted Castilleja, a private school for girls in grades 6-12,
about two months ago, said spokeswoman Dana Sundblad. As soon as the school
learned of the "inappropriate relationships," the teacher was placed on
administrative leave and an investigation was launched.

The teacher denied the allegations and resigned, according to a letter Head of
School Nanci Kauffman recently sent to family and alumnae.

"As a school, we have no choice but to take allegations of this nature very
seriously," she said.

Sundblad said the school notified authorities and the schools where the teacher
previously taught.

Castilleja did not publicly release the name of the teacher because she has not
been charged with a crime. For that same reason, The Daily News is not
disclosing her name at this time.

According to the teacher's LinkedIn profile, she served as an administrator at
Baylor School in Chattanooga, Tenn., from 1985 to 1990, and as an English
instructor at Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas, from 1973 to 1983.

She also taught English at Harpeth Hall School in Nashville, Tenn., from August
1978 to June 1979.

Officials at Baylor and Hockaday confirmed that former students had made
allegations of sexual misconduct against the teacher. Baylor is a private school
for boys and girls in grades 6-12 and Hockaday is a private school for girls in
grades K-12; both offer boarding.

"Though this allegation reaches back more than two decades and we have no record
of any misconduct, we are taking it very seriously, and appropriate authorities
have been advised of the matter," said a statement provided by Barbara Kennedy,
Baylor's director of external affairs.

In a phone interview, Melissa Allan, director of communications and marketing at
Hockaday, said the school has hired an outside investigator and notified Child
Protective Services.

"We take any claim of impropriety very seriously," Allan said. "Hockaday has
always been and always will be about doing the right thing, standing by the
victim and being transparent."

Officials at Castilleja said no student at the school had stepped forward with
similar allegations. Sundblad said the teacher received accolades during her
roughly 21 years at Castilleja.

"Although we are unaware of any allegations of misconduct by this teacher during
her tenure with Castilleja, we have taken steps to inform our entire school
community, including our alumnae, and encourage anyone with concerns to please
contact us," said Kauffman.

A message left at a number listed for the teacher was not returned Wednesday or
Thursday.

Email Jason Green at jgreen@dailynewsgroup.com; follow him at
twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

___ (c)2014 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140110-PL-Teacher-at-private-Palo-Alto-school-accused-of-sexual-
misconduct-0110-20140110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2014 Palo Alto Daily News


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 28, 1981 Wednesday

Habs humble Flyers 11-2   in battle of unbeaten teams

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: Montreal PQ


MONTREAL  (CP) - Keith Acton scored three goals - two of them in a six-
 goal outburst in the first period - as Montreal Canadiens humbled
 Philadelphia Flyers 11-2 in a battle of undefeated National Hockey League
 teams last night.

The Flyers had come to Montreal with seven victories and a tie in eight
 games; the Canadiens had five triumphs and three ties.

But the Flyers, who had only two victories and five ties in their past
 20 visits to the Forum, offered little opposition after Montreal scored a
 pair of goals within the first 65 seconds.

Steve Shutt and Mario Tremblay each scored twice and Larry Robinson,
 Doug Jarvis, Rejean Houle and Pierre Larouche had singles as the Canadiens
 boosted their lead to three points over Boston Bruins and Buffalo Sabres
 atop the Adams Division. Montreal has 15 points.

Reg Leach and Bill Barber were the only players to outwit Montreal
 goaltender Denis Herron, who was tested 25 times.

The Canadiens unleashed 45 shots at the Philadelphia tandem of Pete
 Peeters and Rick St. Croix, who came on in relief in the 12th minute of
 the opening period after Montreal had sent four goals past Peeters.

The 11 goals were the most scored against Philadelphia, which leads the
 Patrick Division with 15 points, in a road game.

The six first-period goals by the Canadiens tied a record for the most
 scored against the Flyers in a single period. The last team to score that
 many against them was Chicago Black Hawks on Jan. 30, 1969.
                                 AT MONTREAL
                                First Period
    1. Montreal, Robinson 1st 0:44.
    2. Montreal, Jarvis 4th (Napier, Gainey) 1:05.
    3. Montreal, Acton 5th (Lafleur, Shutt) 7:57.
    4. Montreal, Acton 6th (Shutt, Langway) 11:10.
    5. Montreal, Houle 1st (Engblom) 13:34.
    6. Montreal, Shutt 10th (Lafleur, Robinson) 14:25.
    7. Philadelphia, Leach 10th (Bridgman) 16:31.

Penalties - Gorence (P) 2:27; Engblom (M) 5:05; Leach (P) 6:35;
 Wickenheiser (M) 11:38; Bailey (P) 16:41.
                                Second Period
    8. Montreal, Acton 7th (Shutt, Robinson) 7:40.
    9. Montreal, Shutt 11th (Acton) 8:10.
   10. Philadelphia, Barber 6th (Clarke, Dailey) 10:58.
    11. Montreal, Tremblay 8th (Larouche) 18:29.

Penalties - Dailey (P) 2:00; Wilson (P) 3:21; Linseman (P) (double
 minor), Wickenheiser (M) 8:36; Clarke (P) 14:30; Wilson (P) (major) 16:22.
                                Third Period
   12. Montreal, Larouche 5th (Robinson, Wickenheiser) 16:42.
   13. Montreal, Tremblay 9 (Larouche) 19:15.

Penalties - Tremblay (M) 11:13; Linseman (P) (minor, double game
 misconduct), Kerr (P) (minor, misconduct, game misconduct), Dailey (P)
 (misconduct), Hill (P) (misconduct), Clarke (P) (misconduct), Picard (M)
 (major, misconduct, game misconduct), Engblom (M) (misconduct), Mondou (M)
 (misconduct), Houle (M) (misconduct), Herron (M) 12:27; Dailey (P)
 (misconduct) 20:00.
                                Shots on goal
   Philadelphia            11  7  7 - 25
 Montreal                  13 20 12 - 45
   Goaltenders - Philadelphia, Peeters, St. Croix; Montreal, Herron.

Attendance - 17,851.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1981 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 29, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Many 'bad' doctors evade censure

BYLINE: Doug Levy

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 336 words


The number of doctors disciplined for sexual misconduct doubled
from 1990 to 1994, and only one-third of doctors disciplined by
federal authorities for drug or Medicare violations faced medical
practice restrictions, a report finds.

Public Citizen Health Research Group's 13,012 Questionable
Doctors lists doctors who faced disciplinary action as of
December 1995. The number is up from 10,289 listed in the organization's
previous compilation, but too many bad doctors continue practicing,
says Dr. Sidney Wolfe, the group's director.

"If airline pilots were as poorly regulated as physicians, we
would have . . . one plane crashing every day killing 200 people,"
says Wolfe.

Among Wolfe's conclusions:

-- 5.1% of disciplinary actions were for sexual abuse of patients
or other sexual misconduct, up from 2.5% in 1990.

-- 67% of doctors disciplined for substandard, incompetent or
negligent care were allowed to continue practicing with little
or no restriction.

-- 31% of doctors whose narcotics licenses were restricted by
the federal Drug Enforcement Administration faced no state discipline.

-- 30% of doctors barred from the federal Medicare program were
not disciplined by state medical boards.

"The medical boards are doing a great job with the resources
and the limitations that they have," says Dale Austin of the
Federation of State Medical Boards.

Austin and Wolfe agree that boards are handicapped by staffing
and funding problems. Wolfe also blames interference from state
medical associations for the lack of disciplinary actions in many
cases.

Wolfe says the states with consistently effective medical boards
are Georgia, Iowa, Kentucky, Oklahoma and West Virginia. The worst,
in his opinion, are Delaware, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Hawaii
and the District of Columbia.

The report is available for purchase by calling 202-588-1000.
The full report is $ 250; individual state listings are $ 15 each,
plus $ 4 for shipping.

LOAD-DATE: April 01, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; Wolfe: His group reports sexual misconduct cases are
up.

TYPE: HB

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

In His Former Life as Alabama's Attorney General, Jeff Sessions Abused His Power
and Was Read the Riot Act Over It

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: American Civil Liberties Union Foundation has issued the
following news release:



 It is now well-known that Jeff Sessions' record as a senator shows blindness or
hostility to the rights of those the attorney general is responsible for
protecting -- people of color, women, LGBT people, religious minorities, and
immigrants. Less well known, but equally disturbing, is his record as a
prosecutor. When he last exercised the power of a prosecutor, as attorney
general for Alabama in the 1990s, he abused that power.





 The biggest case his office handled was thrown out in what the judge called the
worst case of prosecutorial misconduct he had ever seen. In a remarkable
opinion, the Alabama state trial judge hearing the case concluded that "the
misconduct of the Attorney General in this case far surpasses in both
extensiveness and measure the totality of any prosecutorial misconduct ever
previously presented to or witnessed by the Court."



 The court found that the "the prosecutorial misconduct is so pronounced and
persistent that it permeates the entire atmosphere of this prosecution and
warrants a dismissal of these cases." It also found the misconduct so pervasive
that "this court can only conclude it is dealing with either intentional and
deliberate misconduct or conduct so reckless and improper as to constitute
conscious disregard for the lawful duties of the Attorney General and the
integrity and dignity of this court and this Judge."



 Sessions' office filed a 222-count indictment against a business competitor of
a company that was contributing to Sessions' first senatorial campaign, using
the power of his office to intervene in a private business dispute. The court
dismissed every count of the indictment -- some as baseless, but others because
of egregious prosecutorial misconduct.



 Senators must ask themselves: Should we be confirming a man to the most
powerful prosecutor's office in the country who has a record of prosecutorial
abuse?





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

In His Former Life as Alabama's Attorney General, Jeff Sessions Abused His Power
and Was Read the Riot Act Over It

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: American Civil Liberties Union Foundation has issued the
following news release:



 It is now well-known that Jeff Sessions' record as a senator shows blindness or
hostility to the rights of those the attorney general is responsible for
protecting -- people of color, women, LGBT people, religious minorities, and
immigrants. Less well known, but equally disturbing, is his record as a
prosecutor. When he last exercised the power of a prosecutor, as attorney
general for Alabama in the 1990s, he abused that power.





 The biggest case his office handled was thrown out in what the judge called the
worst case of prosecutorial misconduct he had ever seen. In a remarkable
opinion, the Alabama state trial judge hearing the case concluded that "the
misconduct of the Attorney General in this case far surpasses in both
extensiveness and measure the totality of any prosecutorial misconduct ever
previously presented to or witnessed by the Court."



 The court found that the "the prosecutorial misconduct is so pronounced and
persistent that it permeates the entire atmosphere of this prosecution and
warrants a dismissal of these cases." It also found the misconduct so pervasive
that "this court can only conclude it is dealing with either intentional and
deliberate misconduct or conduct so reckless and improper as to constitute
conscious disregard for the lawful duties of the Attorney General and the
integrity and dignity of this court and this Judge."



 Sessions' office filed a 222-count indictment against a business competitor of
a company that was contributing to Sessions' first senatorial campaign, using
the power of his office to intervene in a private business dispute. The court
dismissed every count of the indictment -- some as baseless, but others because
of egregious prosecutorial misconduct.



 Senators must ask themselves: Should we be confirming a man to the most
powerful prosecutor's office in the country who has a record of prosecutorial
abuse?





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 11, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

L.A. Police Officer Guilty of Misconduct

ns

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 80 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Police officer Louis M. Turriaga, 27, who helped to arrest motorist Rodney G.
King, has been found guilty of misconduct by a disciplinary board that
recommended temporary suspension.

Turriaga was the sixth "bystander" officer at the King beating to appear before
the board and the first to be found guilty of misconduct. He was found guilty
Tuesday of dragging King while he was handcuffed, putting his foot on King's
head during handcuffing and failing to report misconduct.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

St. Louis County Court officer pleads guilty to misconduct

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


Oct. 31--A former St. Louis County court operations supervisor pleaded guilty
Monday to misconduct as a public officer.

Kimberlee Ann Boerner, 56, of Duluth entered the gross misdemeanor plea before
Judge Mark Munger in St. Louis County District Court. She was accused of
misusing money she received for fees and other payments in the courts office.

Munger ordered an Arrowhead Regional Corrections probation officer investigate
Boerner's background before sentencing on Dec. 19. She has no prior record.

Boerner was charged with "misconduct by failing to perform" and "misconduct by
exceeding authority." Besides failing to process fees, she was accused of using
her position to fix her own parking tickets. She was fired in November 2008.

According to the criminal complaint, it was alleged that Boerner removed $100
from the civil and violations parking bureau tills with the intent of repaying
the money later.

Further investigation indicated that she issued two receipts to individuals for
filing fees but failed to enter the payments in the computer system. Sixty-seven
other tickets and 12 checks were found in her cubicle unprocessed. Some of the
checks were more than two months old, and the unprocessed tickets totaled
$1,575.

The investigation further revealed that Boerner received 11 parking tickets
between July and November of 2008. Because of her position, she had access to
the entry of the tickets and payments into the computer system. She was able to
have the citations canceled out by an unnamed colleague at her request, the
complaint alleged.

An attempt to reach Boerner through her attorney was unsuccessful Monday.

___ (c)2011 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111031-DU-St-Louis-County-Court-officer-pleads-guilty-to-misconduct
-1031-20111031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      December 14, 2015 Monday 8:34 PM GMT

Bill Cosby files defamation suit against women who accused him of assault;
Cosby, 78, said in the lawsuit that the women made 'malicious, opportunistic and
false and defamatory accusations of sexual misconduct' against him

BYLINE: Amanda Holpuch in New York

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


Bill Cosby on Monday filed a defamation suit against seven women who have
accused him of sexual assault or misconduct.

Cosby, 78, said in the lawsuit that the women made "malicious, opportunistic and
false and defamatory accusations of sexual misconduct" against him.

Old allegations against Cosby were the subject of renewed attention last year.
Since then, more than 50 women have come forward to accuse Cosby of sexual
assault or misconduct.

Related:  Bill Cosby could face charges after DA election in suburban
Philadelphia

The seven women named in Cosby's lawsuit are part of a defamation lawsuit
against him. Tamara Green, Therese Serignese and Linda Traitz filed suit against
Cosby in 2014, with Louisa Moritz, Barbara Bowman, Joan Tarshis and Angela
Leslie joining the suit in November.

Cosby's lawsuit says that the women "knowingly published false statements and
accusations" against him.

It also says that the women's claims have negatively affected his existing
business arrangements.

"Each counterclaim defendant induced both NBC and Netflix to postpone or cancel
their contracts with Mr Cosby by engaging in a campaign to assassinate Mr
Cosby's reputation and character by willfully, maliciously, and falsely accusing
Mr Cosby of multi-decade-old purported sexual misconduct in an opportunistic
attempt to extract financial gain from their allegations," the suit says.

Former supermodel Janice Dickinson has also filed a separate defamation suit
against Cosby.

Documents from a 2005 civil lawsuit against Cosby were made public in July and
included a testimony in which Cosby admitted to obtaining sedative drugs to to
use on women he wanted to have sex with.

Cosby has never been charged with a crime.

His lawsuit was made public the same day that Boston University announced that
it is the latest school to revoke an honorary degree it had awarded to Cosby.

"Mr Cosby's admitted conduct, which the University learned about only after
awarding him the degree, demonstrates that his character fails to reflect the
integrity and virtues that the University values and esteems in members of its
community, and in those persons the University holds up for this particular
honor," the school said in a statement.

Boston University awarded Cosby an honorary doctor of humane letters degree at
the school's May 2014 commencement ceremony. Universities in New York,
Wisconsin, Rhode Island, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania have also rescinded
honorary degrees they awarded to Cosby.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 27, 1989 Monday

Leafs enter formal protest on Clark's penalty

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 189 words


The Globe and Mail
   The Toronto Maple Leafs are protesting a high-sticking major to Wendel
Clark on Saturday night and will send a tape of the incident to National
Hockey League vice-president Brian O'Neill.

Clark drew an automatic game misconduct during an altercation with Mark
Hardy in the Leafs' 7-4 win over the New York Rangers.

'We're going to try to get the misconduct rescinded. We think it was  Hardy's
stick or Wendel's fist (that opened a cut on the bridge of the  Ranger
defenceman's nose,' Leaf spokesman Bob Stellick said yesterday.

A player automatically receives a one-game suspension upon drawing two
stick-related game misconducts. The misconduct to Clark was his first of
the season.

'I saw the replay in slow-mo. There was no blood until after the  fight,' Clark
said.

The Leafs have been called for three such infractions in the past seven
games. Mark Osborne and Tom Fergus were the other offenders.

In a separate category, the league imposes one-game suspensions after
three non-stick-related game misconducts. John Kordic was suspended on
Saturday for drawing his third such game misconduct last week in Boston.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 27, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors shouldn't have to be told to follow the law

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 414 words


Page 2A of USA TODAY's March 16 issue was saddening and maddening. One article
was about a man who had been wrongly jailed because his prosecutors had
concealed evidence ("Fla. man wrongly jailed to be paid," News).  The other was
about prosecutor misconduct in the case of  then-Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens
("Evidence hidden in Sen. Stevens' corruption case," News).

I found particularly upsetting the statement that the  lawyers accused of
misconduct could not be charged with criminal contempt because the judge did not
tell them to follow the law.

What about the rest of us? Could I get away with punching a lawyer in the nose
and threatening him with a gun  because I was not told clearly and unequivocally
it was wrong?

Richard B. Salzer

Maineville, Ohio

Harsh punishment for misconduct

USA TODAY's  investigation of prosecutorial misconduct was right on the money as
demonstrated by  March 16 news reports.

This kind of misconduct occurs regularly all over the country and is a truly
black mark on the finest judicial system in the world. Unfortunately, although
prosecutors can cause innocent people to be falsely imprisoned for many years,
they are virtually never prosecuted.

Their violation of ethical, procedural and legal requirements will never stop
until such conduct exposes them to imprisonment as well. Let them taste the fear
of a ruined career and loss of freedom, and their support of perjured testimony
and suppression of exculpatory evidence will come to an abrupt halt.

Daniel D. Connor

Columbus, Ohio

Speak out against abuse

USA TODAY's article "Imprisoned for crimes they might commit"  correctly
illustrates difficulties the legal system has in managing dangerous sexual
predators who have completed their prison terms (Cover story, News, March 19).

But another serious problem lurks among us: pedophiles who are not GPS monitored
or under surveillance.

Molesters escape detection because they are trusted people who are skilled at
hiding their actions. But far too often, someone knows or suspects abuse has
occurred and does nothing. Using shame, embarrassment or fear of retribution as
an excuse, a witness fails to follow through on reporting incidents. This is an
aspect of the problem over which we all have some control.

Everyone must realize there is no shame in being a victim, but to let silence
allow suspected pedophiles to continue abusing children is inexcusable.

Betty Kuffel

Whitefish, Mont.

The writer  is author of Eyes of a Pedophile: Detecting Child Predators.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo By Mark Wilson, Getty Images Stevens: Former Republican senator
of Alaska died in a plane crash in 2010.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 17, 2006 Wednesday

Misconduct found in prof's career  ;
 Controversial academic got two degrees here

BYLINE: DANIEL PIKE STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 575 words


A controversial professor with ties to Springfield deliberately committed
"several forms of academic misconduct" throughout his career, according to a
report released Tuesday by an investigative committee at the University of
Colorado at Boulder.

The five-person committee was charged with investigating seven allegations of
misconduct against Colorado ethnic studies professor Ward Churchill. A native of
Elmwood, Churchill earned bachelor's and master's degrees from Sangamon State
University - now the University of Illinois at Springfield - in the mid-1970s.

The committee, which included professors from the University of Colorado, the
University of Texas at Austin and Arizona State University, unanimously agreed
that Churchill is guilty of fabrication, falsification, plagiarism and other
misrepresentations of research.

"The Committee noted additionally that Professor Churchill was disrespectful of
Indian oral traditions" when Churchill wrote that the United States distributed
"smallpox-laden" blankets to Missouri River Mandan Indians in the 1830s, the
report said.

Churchill, who has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, said the report was
contradictory and in some cases false.

"I feel like the process was a pretext" with the eventual goal to fire him, he
said.

Despite unanimously agreeing on the severity of Churchill's misconduct, the
committee members differed on the recommended sanctions.

Three members said Churchill's actions warranted revocation of tenure and
dismissal, but only one member endorsed Churchill's firing. Two recommended that
he be suspended without pay for five years.

The other two members oppose Churchill's dismissal - arguing that such a
sanction would "have an adverse effect on other scholars' ability to conduct
their research with due freedom" - but suggested Churchill be suspended for two
years.

University officials said they expect to decide Churchill's fate by June 8.
Churchill has said that if he is fired, he will sue.

Gov. Bill Owens said Churchill has tarnished the university's reputation and
should resign.

Churchill was thrust into the national spotlight in January 2005, when a college
newspaper highlighted portions of an essay Churchill had written shortly after
the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

In the essay, Churchill suggested civilian victims of the attacks were actually
military targets, calling them "little Eichmanns," a reference to  Nazi war
criminal Adolf Eichmann.

That essay was not part of the committee's investigation, and the committee
wrote of its "concern regarding the timing and perhaps the motives for the
University's decision to forward charges made in that context."

The committee's report also said the university knew Churchill did not hold a
doctorate and was a "controversial public intellectual" when he was hired as an
associate professor in 1991 and promoted to full professor in 1997.

Churchill's wife, Natsu Saito, who also teaches in the ethnic studies
department, said Tuesday she had resigned her tenured teaching position at the
school but said she and Churchill have no plans to leave Boulder.

In her resignation letter, Saito accused the university of reneging on promises
to her and the department, ignoring racial harassment of the department and
individuals, and treating Churchill unfairly. She said her decision to resign
was not prompted by the pending report.

To read the full report, visit www.colorado.edu/news/reports/churchill.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ward Churchill: "I feel like the process was a pretext."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 October 11, 1996, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

BRIEFLY;
Cox to sue NFL over $ 87,500 fine

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS AND NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13E

LENGTH: 603 words


Chicago Bears linebacker Bryan Cox said he will sue the NFL after being fined $
87,500, the equivalent of one game's pay, Thursday for his on-field misconduct
in last Sunday's game against Green Bay.

Cox was fined for verbally abusing field judge Bill Smith, making repeated
obscene gestures at the official and shouting obscenities.

"Your misconduct in last Sunday's game was again unprovoked, unprofessional,
offensive to NFL fans and unbecoming for an NFL player," commissioner Paul
Tagliabue said in a statement released by the NFL.

Tagliabue also threatened Cox with a suspension "of at least one game" for any
future misconduct detrimental to the league.

Cox said he will not appeal the decision, but he plans to file a lawsuit
claiming unfair treatment and "excessive fines."

"We're going straight to court," said Cox, whose eight fines in six years total
$ 125,500. "I'm not upset, mad or bitter. I'll let the lawyers take over."

BASEBALL

Bill Russell, who succeeded Tom Lasorda as the Los Angeles Dodgers manager at
midseason, will hold the job for at least two more years. Terms of Russell's
contract were not announced, but the Los Angeles Times reported it was worth
about $ 700,000. . . . Barry Bonds, unhappy that his father was demoted by the
San Francisco Giants, has suggested that he wants to be traded. Bobby Bonds, the
Giants' batting coach since 1993, was demoted after the Giants finished 68-94 -
last in the NL West. He has been offered a role as a roving instructor and
part-time scout.

TENNIS

Stefan Edberg, counting down to his retirement, beat top-seeded Thomas Muster
6-4, 6-7 (2-7), 7-5 to reach the quarterfinals of the $ 800,000 CA Trophy
tournament at Vienna, Austria. Boris Becker, seeded fifth, beat Michael Stich
3-6, 6-3, 6-4 and No. 2 seed Goran Ivanisevic defeated Bohdan Ulihrach 6-2, 6-2.
. . . Olympic champion Lindsay Davenport advanced to the third round of the $
450,000 Porsche Grand Prix, defeating Natalia Medvedeva of Ukraine 6-1, 6-3 at
Filderstadt, Germany.

PRO BASKETBALL

Center Kevin Duckworth, a 10-year NBA veteran, signed with the Los Angeles
Clippers. Duckworth, a 7-footer, played in just eight games with the Milwaukee
Bucks last season, averaging 1.1 points and 0.9 rebounds.

TRACK AND FIELD

Jamaican sprinter Merlene Ottey, the second-fastest woman in history, is giving
up track for modeling. Though she failed to win a gold medal, Ottey, 36, is one
of the most decorated women's Olympic sprinters in history with two silver
medals and five bronzes collected in five Olympics.

CYCLING

Alex Zuelle overcame tricky wet conditions and won the men's individual time
trial in the World Cycling Championships at Lugano, Switzerland. Racing in a
steady downpour, Zuelle, winner of the recent Tour of Spain, covered the
25.1-mile course in 48 minutes, 13.86 seconds. Olympic bronze medalist Chris
Boardman was second in 48:53.65. Tony Rominger, a three-time winner of the
Vuelta, claimed his first career world medal, taking the bronze in 48:55.52.

SOCCER

The U.S. national team will play an exhibition in Peru on Wednesday, although a
flap over bonus money could impact the lineup for that game and future matches.
Jim Trecker, U.S. Soccer Federation deputy secretary general for communications,
confirmed the match had been scheduled, but no roster has been announced.
Contract negotiations between players and the federation have been going on for
nine months, with bonus money a main topic. . . . Jamie Goetz had three goals
and an assist as the Clayton State women beat Wesleyan of Macon 7-0.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This article was archived in the Metro edition of The Atlanta
Constitution

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

FBI: US police killings of Black overexaggerated

LENGTH: 484  words


FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Judiciary Committee
September 28, 2016 in Washington, DC. (Photo by AFP)

FBI Director James B. Comey has rejected as inaccurate Americans' information
about the prevalent use of force by US police against the black people.

Comey's remarks on Sunday came in spite of massive protests all across the
United States over police fatal shootings of African Americans.

"It is a narrative that has formed, in the absence of good information and in
the absence of actual data, and it is this: Biased police are killing black men
at epidemic rates," Comey told the International Association of Chiefs of Police
on Sunday at the group's annual conference in San Diego.

"That is the narrative. It is a narrative driven by video images of real
misconduct, possible misconduct, and perceived misconduct," he said.

Screen grab from a video capturing the moments leading up to and following the
fatal police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott, which sparked days of protests
across the city of Charlotte, after its release by the man's family on September
23

He called the numerous videos leaked so far "a small group," which is used by
Americans as "proof of nationwide police brutality."

"In a nation of almost a million, law enforcement officers and tens of millions
of police encounters each year, a small group of videos serve as proof of an
epidemic," he said, adding "Americans actually have no idea" about this.

The US police are accused of using excessive force against African-Americans.
The deaths of unarmed black men and women in recent months and over the past
years have sparked nationwide protests under the banner called Black Lives
Matter.

Demonstrators march against US police brutality on September 22, 2016 in
Charlotte, North Carolina. (Photo by AFP)

The United Nations is "extremely concerned" about the human rights situation of
African-Americans in the US, according to a September report by the UN Working
Group of Experts on People of African Descent.

The report showed that "contemporary police killings and the trauma that they
create are reminiscent of the past racial terror of lynching."

Photographs of African Americans killed by police line the sidewalk of an
encampment of activists associated with the Black Lives Matter movement, August
12, 2016, outside of City Hall in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by AFP)

According to a 2015 report by the Equal Justice Initiative, a non-profit
organization, almost 3,960 black people were killed in "racial terror lynching"
in several southern states between 1877 and 1950.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/61/147674935072.jpg

FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Judiciary Committee
September 28, 2016 in Washington, DC. (Photo by AFP)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/85/147674935329.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/30/147674935625.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/63/147674935902.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    June 30, 1998, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Jury rejects misconduct charges in sex case

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 04A

LENGTH: 575 words


A jury in Seattle has rejected claims of police misconduct brought by three
church leaders and a parishioner who said they had been wrongly accused of child
rape and molestation. After five days of deliberations, the jury Monday decided
the central Washington town of Wenatchee, the town's police officials and three
members of the Douglas County sheriff's department did not violate the civil
rights of the four, who said they were falsely accused in 1994-95. Pastor Robert
''Roby'' Roberson, his wife, Connie, and his daughter sat silently as the
verdict was announced. Besides Roberson and his wife, the other plaintiffs were
Honnah Sims, a Sunday-school teacher at Roberson's Pentecostal church; and
parishioner Donna Rodriguez. They claimed overzealous investigators encouraged
children to falsely accuse them of child rape and molestation. They and their
families sought up to $ 60 million in damages. The Robersons and Sims were
acquitted of child-rape and molestation charges in 1995. Charges against
Rodriguez were dismissed in 1996 when four of her five accusers recanted. During
the Wenatchee sex rings investigation, a total of 28 people were charged with
child rape or molestation. Of those, 14 pleaded guilty, five were convicted and
three were acquitted. Charges against six others were dismissed or reduced. Bill
guarding older workers passes A bill making it illegal for companies to improve
their profitability by replacing older workers with younger, lower-paid ones
received final legislative approval Monday and was sent to Gov. Pete Wilson. The
California Chamber of Commerce immediately called on Wilson to veto the bill,
which would allow the dismissal of older, higher-paid workers only in cases
where it can be proved a company acted out of economic necessity. A spokesman
for Wilson said the governor has not yet decided. He has 12 days to act.
Late-term abortion law struck down A Montana law banning a controversial
late-term abortion procedure is unconstitutional because it is vague and
infringes on a woman's right to privacy in deciding to end a pregnancy, District
Judge Jeffrey Sherlock ruled in Helena Monday. Sherlock said the 1997 law so
poorly describes the prohibited procedure it does not give fair warning to
people who may face prosecution. The law also could be applied so broadly as to
outlaw the most common type of abortion provided during the second three months
of a pregnancy, forcing women to use methods that are unaffordable, unsafe and
less available, he said. NAACP seeks boycott of hotels The NAACP called Monday
for a boycott of three hotel chains that failed on the national group's report
card monitoring the lodging industry. The companies are crying foul over the
grading process. Best Western International Inc., Adam's Mark Hotels and Omni
Hotels Corp. brought up the bottom of the list of 14 chains with grades of D+, D
and D-, respectively. The companies were evaluated on their performance
concerning diversity and minority business development. The lodging industry
review, begun in 1996, judges companies according to the participation of blacks
in management, franchising and supply of materials. ''Hotels that receive a D
will not receive NAACP business dollars,'' Kweisi Mfume, NAACP president and
chief executive, said in a statement released in Washington. ''And we will take
every opportunity to inform consumers of our decision and urge them to make
similar choices.''

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Today's News

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

Former St. Louis County supervisor pleads guilty to misconduct as public officer

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


Nov. 01--A former St. Louis County court operations supervisor pleaded guilty
Monday to misconduct as a public officer.

Kimberlee Ann Boerner, 56, of Duluth entered the gross misdemeanor plea before
Judge Mark Munger in St. Louis County District Court. She was accused of
misusing money she received for fees and other payments in the courts office.

Munger ordered an Arrowhead Regional Corrections probation officer to

investigate Boerner's background before sentencing on Dec. 19. She has no prior
record.

Boerner was charged with "misconduct by failing to perform" and "misconduct by
exceeding authority." Besides failing to process fees, she was accused of using
her position to fix her own parking tickets. She was fired in November 2008.

According to the criminal complaint, it was alleged that Boerner removed

$100 from the civil and violations parking bureau tills with the intent of
repaying the money later.

Further investigation indicated that she issued two receipts to individuals for
filing fees but failed to enter the payments in the computer system. Sixty-seven
other tickets and 12 checks were found in her cubicle unprocessed. Some of the
checks were more than two months old, and the unprocessed tickets totaled
$1,575.

The investigation further revealed that Boerner received 11 parking tickets

between July and November of 2008. Because of her position, she had access to
the entry of the tickets and payments into the computer

system. She was able to have the citations canceled out by an unnamed colleague
at her request, the complaint alleged.

An attempt to reach Boerner through her attorney was unsuccessful Monday.

___ (c)2011 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111101-DU-Former-St-Louis-County-supervisor-pleads-guilty-to-
misconduct-as-public-officer-1101-20111101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 2, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Police Say Panel Withheld Findings Against 108 Officers

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 709 words


Raising new questions about New York City's ability to root out police brutality
and misconduct, officials acknowledged yesterday that more than 100 cases of
police misconduct were deemed credible by the independent agency that monitors
the police but were never forwarded to the Police Department so it could
discipline the officers.

The failure of the agency, the Civilian Complaint Review Board, to forward the
cases -- all between 1993 and 1995 -- means that the 18-month statute of
limitations for disciplining the officers has now passed, making it unlikely
that any will be punished.

The full extent of the problem and its causes were not yet clear yesterday, but
officials at the Police Department and the review board said it appeared that 87
complaints of police misconduct involving 108 police officers were investigated
by the review board and found to be substantiated but were never sent on to the
department, which has the sole authority to discipline its officers.

The revelation that 108 officers found to have committed misconduct were never
disciplined set off new rounds of criticism of the already beleaguered review
board, caused review board officials to blame their predecessors and led some
board members to complain that they were not apprised of the situation for
months. The problem was first reported yesterday in The Daily News.

While the review board has been beset with problems since it was formed in 1993
-- most recently last December, when the board announced that a clerical error
had led it to undercount civilian complaints and obscure a sharp increase in the
complaints between the Abner Louima case in August 1997 and the mayoral election
last November -- critics said that its failure to forward the 87 cases was among
its most serious lapses. The figure is statistically significant to a review
board that substantiates fewer than 300 cases a year, officials said.

Norman Siegel, the executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union,
said: "In the five-year history of the independent Civilian Complaint Review
Board, this looms as the most serious ineffectiveness and potentially should
result in the dismissals of the senior staff and a change in the makeup of the
board, depending on who knew what when."

The issue surfaced the day after Mel P. Barkan resigned as chairman of the
review board and was replaced by Frank H. Wohl. Mr. Barkan said in an interview
that his resignation was for professional reasons and had nothing to do with the
mislaid cases.

Both the Police Department and the review board claimed credit for uncovering
the problem. Marilyn Mode, the department's Deputy Commissioner for Public
Information, said the police discovered the problem in the fall of 1997 when, in
the wake of the Francis X. Livoti case, the department began monitoring officers
with numerous substantiated civilian complaints against them for using excessive
force.

When the department looked up individual officers in the review board's
computers, Ms. Mode said, they found that a number of officers had been cited
for substantiated complaints that were never forwarded to the department. Ms.
Mode said that the police told the review board about the problem at a meeting
on Dec. 16 and in a letter on Dec. 31.

Mr. Barkan said that the problem was discovered by the review board at the same
time that its executive director, Gene R. Lopez, began an audit to try to clear
up statistical discrepancies that came to light as the board tried to prepare a
report examining how many cases were substantiated each year.

The fact that board officials knew of the problem for nearly eight months
without telling the public or even all the members of the board disturbed some
of the members. "Why were we only told of it within days of Barkan's leaving?"
asked William F. Kuntz II, a board member. Mr. Barkan defended his handling of
the case, saying: "I think it was addressed appropriately, first by the staff,
then by a committee, then to the whole board and now to a panel," he said. "This
is for matters that were not properly handled between 1993 and 1995. I wasn't
there in those years. To the degree that it was a mess in those years, we were
trying to clean this up."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 16, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Question BoxS. Lee Kanner

SECTION: Section C; Page 11, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1089 words


QUESTION: How does the speed and impact of a baseball that strikes a batter at
94 miles an hour compare with that of a punch thrown by a heavyweight fighter?

According to Dr. Voight Hogdson, director of the Biomechanics Laboratory at
Wayne State University in Detroit, the speed of the ball is almost four times
faster than a jab, which he has measured at 24 m.p.h. The impact of the baseball
as it directly strikes the side of a helmet is 400 G's, or 400 times the normal
force of gravity. A glancing blow on the helmet by the ball is about 100 G's. A
knockout blow on a forehead from a heavyweight's gloved fist is about 225 G's.
Though the impact of the baseball is greater, it is of shorter duration than the
blow from the gloved fist.
QUESTION: Is it legal for an offensive player in the National Football League to
run past the line of scrimmage with the ball, and then punt it before he is
tackled?

Yes. The offensive team, behind or beyond the scrimmage line, may punt,
drop-kick or place-kick. It is highly unlikely, however, that there would be
time for a place-kick beyond the line of scrimmage.
QUESTION: What is the most runs a team had to come from behind to win a game in
the major leagues?

Twelve runs, a feat accomplished twice in the American League. On June 18, 1911,
Detroit did it against Chicago in this fashion:
Chicago 0 0 0 3 3 0 2 0 0-15 Detroit 0 1 0 0 4 3 0 5 3-16

On June 15, 1925, Philadelphia over- came Cleveland: Cleve. 0 4 2 2 4 2 1 0
*0-15 Phila. 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 13 x-16
QUESTION: When a player receives a misconduct penalty in a National Hockey
League game, does his team play short-handed for the full 10 minutes? Also, in
calculating penalty minutes, how many minutes are assessed for a game misconduct
or a gross misconduct?

A player who gets a misconduct penalty is removed from the game for 10 minutes,
but a substitute player immediately replaces him, so his team is not
short-handed. All offending players are charged with 10 minutes for game
misconduct or gross misconduct penalties.
QUESTION: Fernando Valenzuela has won the Cy Young Award in the National League,
and is a prime candidate for the Rookie of the Year Award. How many winners of
the rookie award have been pitchers and did any of them receive the Cy Young
award or the Most Valuable Player Award in their first year? Also, are any
winners of the rookie award in the Baseball Hall of Fame?

In the American League, seven pitchers have been rookies of the year; in the
National League, 11 pitchers have won 10 awards, with Clarence Metzger of San
Diego and Pat Zachry of Cincinnati sharing the prize in 1976. None of the rookie
winners received one of the other awards in the same year, and none is in the
Hall of Fame.
QUESTION: In a tennis doubles match, I hit a ball that struck the top of the net
close to the sideline, rolled along the net until it bounced off the post and
dropped inside the line on the receiver's side of the court. We played the point
over because we could not agree whether or not the ball was out when it hit the
post. What is the ruling?

It is a good return if the ball touches the net, post, cord or metal cable,
strap or band, provided that it passes over any of them and hits the ground
within the court.
QUESTION: When Bobby Jones of the Jets picked up a teammate's fumble in the game
against Buffalo on Oct. 18, and ran 61 yards for a touchdown, the yardage was
not included in the rushing total. Where was it included?

In the ''return yards'' category, which lists total yards gained in returning
punts, interceptions and recovered fumbles. It does not include kickoff returns.

QUESTION: When Lou Brock stole 118 bases, how many times was he caught? Does he
still hold the season and career records for basestealing?

Brock was caught 33 times when he set the record, which still stands, in 1974.
He holds the career record with 938 and he also leads in being caught stealing,
with 307.
QUESTION: I am interested in Mark van Eeghen of the Oakland Raiders.  What are
his career statistics? Where did he go to college and what was his major?

Van Eeghen, now in his eighth year with the Raiders, is a 1974 graduate of
Colgate, where he earned a B.A. in economics. Not including yesterday's game, he
had appeared in 110 games (107 in a row before being injured in the third game
this season), rushed 1,467 times for 5,889 yards, an average of 4.0, and caught
162 passes for 1,467 yards, an average of 9.0. With 228 points (on 38
touchdowns), van Eeghen ranks eighth among Raider scorers. He is the club's
careerleader in rushing and the team's only back to gain 1,000 or more yards for
three straight seasons (1976-78).
QUESTION: At a recent college football game that I attended, there was offensive
interference in the end zone. The ball was awarded to the defensive team at its
20-yard line. What is the rule? Also, what happens in the N.F.L.?

In college, the defensive team has an option on such a penalty. It can accept
the touchback and get the ball on its 20-yard line, no matter what down it is,
or it can opt for a 15-yard penalty plus loss of a down against the offensive
team. On fourth down, the defense might gain possession of the ball past its
20-yard line.

In the N.F.L., the offending team is penalized 10 yards from the previous spot.
QUESTION: How many times did Giorgio Chinaglia play for the Italian national
soccer team? How many goals did he score, and what were his first and last
appearances on the national team?

Chinaglia appeared in 14 games and scored 11 goals. His first appearance was in
1971, against Bulgaria, and he scored a goal the first time he touched the ball.
His last game was against the Soviet Union in 1975.
QUESTION: Where did Calvin Peete, Lee Elder and Jim Dent finish in golf earnings
and rankings in 1981? Will the three be exempt during the 1982 Tournament
Players Association tour?

Peete won $93,243 and ranked 43d; Elder won $59,829 and ranked 72d; Dent won
$26,523 and ranked 116th. Peete is exempt because he finished in the top 60 in
earnings; Elder is exempt because he is among the top 50 in career earnings;
Dent will not be exempt. Of course, under the new rules that go into effect in
1983, the Monday qualifying trauma will be eliminated.

Question Box is a regular feature of SportsMonday. Readers are invited to ask
questions concerning any aspect of sport - statistics or strategies, rules or
records. The address is Question Box, SportsMonday, The New York Times, 229 West
43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: cartoons

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

USNH launches probe after KSC and UNH employees fired for misconduct

BYLINE: Meghan Foley, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 356 words


March 13--About a week after a Keene State College employee was fired following
an investigation into allegations of misconduct, the University System of New
Hampshire announced Thursday it will launch an independent investigation of
system-wide practices for reporting staff misconduct.

The announcement also comes in the wake of a University of New Hampshire
employee being terminated for allegedly taking cellphone photographs of UNH
men's basketball players in the locker room during a game at the University of
Vermont in January.

The UNH employee was Scott A. Weitzell, 50, who was director of basketball
operations.

The Keene State College employee was Eugene C. "Gino" Vallante, who had ties to
Keene State's men's basketball program, including serving as director of
basketball operations for the 2010-11 season.

Keene State College launched its investigation into Vallante after a former New
England College student-athlete contacted Keene State last month alleging
Vallante made sexual explicit remarks to students while he was head coach of the
Henniker college men's basketball team in the early 2000s.

It's unclear what in Keene State College's investigation led to Vallante's
dismissal.

At the time of his termination, Vallante, 42, was program coordinator for the
Young Student Center and manager of the Nite Owl Cafe in the student center. He
also broadcasted games for the Keene State men's basketball team as part of Fast
Break Broadcasting, which he owns.

Both University of New Hampshire and Keene State College officials say the
incidents aren't related.

However, the situations prompted the University System of New Hampshire Board of
Trustees to hire former N.H. Attorney General Michael A. Delaney, a partner in
the McLane Law Firm of Manchester, to examine university system policies and
practices connected to student safety, according to the news release.

Meghan Foley can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1436, or
mfoley@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MFoleyKS.

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140313-KN-USNH-launches-probe-after-KSC-and-UNH-employees-fired-for-
misconduct-0313-20140313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2014


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 7, 2014 Monday

BRIEF: UM's sexual misconduct polices, programs to be reviewed

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 194 words


April 07--ANN ARBOR -- Representatives from the United State's Department of
Education's Office for Civil Rights will be at the University of Michigan next
week as part of a review of the university's sexual misconduct policies and
programs.

The review is part of a federal Title IX investigation stemming from the
expulsion of former Michigan football player Brendan Gibbons for violating the
school's student sexual misconduct policy. Michigan's public affairs office
announced the sessions today on its Web site, record.umich.edu.

The OCR staff will meet with student groups and will hold three open office
hours sessions next week:

--April 15, 8-9 p.m. in the Blain Room of the Michigan Union

--April 16, 9 a.m.-4:30 p.m. and 8-9 p.m. in Room 2105D of the Michigan Union

--April 17, 9 a.m.-noon in Room 2105D of the Michigan Union

The OCR is also taking input by email until May 15 at UMichinput@ed.gov or by
phone at 216-522-4970 and asking to speak to a member of the University of
Michigan OCR review team about OCR case No. 15-14-2111.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140407-TO-BRF-UM-s-sexual-misconduct
-polices-programs-to-be-reviewed-0407-20140407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 22, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Sex Abuse Of Women Found in Prisons; GAO Study Faults D.C. Corrections

Sewell Chan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 626 words


A federal study has found that prison systems in the United States, including
the District's, continue to see sexual misconduct by correctional staff against
female prisoners, despite recent laws that have made such sexual abuse a crime.

The study found that 506 allegations of sexual misconduct by corrections staff
members were made between 1995 and 1998 in the District, California, Texas and
federal prison systems. Eighteen percent of those allegations were sustained,
leading to staff resignations or firings. Of the 111 sexual-misconduct
allegations by the District's female inmates from December 1995 to June 1998, 12
were sustained, the report found.

The report said the District's troubled Corrections Department did not
adequately record allegations of sexual abuse, despite a class-action lawsuit
settled in 1995 that detailed sexual assault, harassment and rape in D.C.
prisons. Six months after that suit was settled, female inmates performed a
striptease for a mostly male group of prison staff, the report said.

"No jurisdiction has had more notorious or serious instances of sexual abuse
than the District of Columbia," said Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.), who
had requested the General Accounting Office report and released its findings
yesterday.

Although all four jurisdictions have made certain types of sexual misconduct in
prisons a criminal offense, only the federal system reported any prosecutions
with convictions between 1995 and 1998. The U.S. attorney's office currently is
investigating six allegations of sexual misconduct by D.C. corrections staff,
spokesman Channing D. Phillips said yesterday.

The GAO report found none of the four systems "had readily available,
comprehensive data or reports on the number, nature, and outcomes of
staff-on-inmates sexual misconduct allegations." D.C. officials could not
provide those records for the four years studied, and instead reported only the
number of allegations filed and sustained for part of that period, the report
said.

The report suggested that D.C. corrections officials failed to comply with a
December 1994 court order requiring them to notify D.C. police about sexual-
misconduct allegations and to document subsequent police investigations. The
department's October 1997 policy on sexual misconduct against inmates requires
the status of such investigations be documented every 30 days, the report said.

Norton called for the House to require states to keep track of prison sex-abuse
allegations and to use federal funds to encourage states to make prison sexual
abuse a crime.

Eric R. Lotke, executive director of the D.C. Prisoners' Legal Services Project,
said the number of allegations reported in the four jurisdictions likely is
lower than the actual number, because of inmates' fears of retaliation.

Darryl J. Madden, a spokesman for the D.C. Corrections Department, said the
District is ahead of many states in having inmate orientation and staff training
about sex abuse and in its criminal sanctions against sexual misconduct by
prison staff.

"We think the system works well, but there is room for improvement," Madden
said.

Norton said she plans to ask D.C. Corrections Director Odie Washington for an
explanation of the report's findings, especially regarding the failure to
document misconduct. "If you don't know the facts, you can't get the remedy,"
she said.

Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton (D-D.C.) discusses the sexual abuse of female inmates
by corrections workers, as detailed in a new report. With her are Del. Donna
Christian Christenson (D-Virgin Islands), left, and Reps. Maxine Waters
(D-Calif.), Stephanie Tubbs Jones (D-Ohio), Juanita Millender-McDonald
(D-Calif.) and Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Tex.).


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, RAY LUSTIG

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 21, 2002 Saturday Home Edition

Dogs' Cole may lose scholarship for misconduct

BYLINE: CRAIG SCHNEIDER, MARK SCHLABACH

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 604 words


Athens --- Former Georgia basketball player Tony Cole, who was dismissed from
the team earlier this month, might also lose his scholarship because of
allegations of repeated misconduct.

In a Sept. 4 letter to Cole, Georgia athletics director Vince Dooley informed
the point guard that the school was considering action to revoke his
scholarship.

"Because of the many documented incidences of your disrespectful misbehavior,
the Athletic Association is contemplating recommending revocation of your
scholarship," Dooley wrote. In the same letter, Dooley informed Cole that he
would not be reinstated to the basketball team.

"I think there were enough concerns and allegations that I wanted him to know
that possibility [of revocation] existed," Dooley said Friday.

Cole, a senior from Baton Rouge, La., was suspended from the team after a female
student accused him and two other UGA athletes of sexually assaulting her in
January. The charges against Cole and basketball center Steve Thomas were
dismissed Aug. 30. Football player Brandon Williams was acquitted of raping the
woman by an Athens-Clarke County jury on Aug. 23.

The Georgia basketball office documented for Dooley a list of Cole's alleged
transgressions, including:

* Cole ruined practices daily with his "poor attitude and foul mouth." He was
"constantly late for practice and gave poor effort." He was thrown out of
practice before last year's game against Georgia Tech for his poor behavior.

* Cole was disrespectful to assistant coach Jim Harrick Jr. on the bench during
a game against Colorado last season. In the locker room after the game, Cole
told Harrick Jr., "Let's go outside so I can kick your [rear]."

* Cole abused telephone privileges on road trips, totaling charges of $420
during a trip to Los Angeles and $650 during a trip to Hawaii.

* Cole started a fight with teammate Chris Daniels during practice last season,
and had an altercation with Georgia player Damien Wilkins last week. He cursed
at teammates and spoke disrespectfully to a basketball trainer, secretary and
academic advisor.

Dooley wrote in the letter, "Coach Harrick and I both agree that in light of the
extraordinary number of incidents in which you have displayed conduct unbecoming
of a University of Georgia student-athlete, you will not be allowed to return to
the basketball team."

Cole's attorney, Steve Sadow, acknowledged that the 22-year-old has had some
"disagreements" with basketball coach Jim Harrick and with Harrick Jr.

"But Tony is hopeful that those disagreements can be put behind him and that he
can remain on scholarship," Sadow said. Still, Sadow said that Cole, who remains
in school, does not believe he will play again for Georgia.

Should Cole's scholarship be revoked, Sadow said his client could not afford to
pay the school's tuition costs and would probably have to withdraw from the
university.

Sadow also said that the allegations that occurred prior to the January sexual
incident were not enough to stop Cole from playing. Many of those occurring
afterward, he said, concerned Cole's efforts to find out why he had not been
allowed to play.

"He went to see different people. They wouldn't talk to him. And there were
disagreements," Sadow said.

In another incident, a female student at Georgia has filed a criminal complaint
against Cole, accusing him of assaulting her Aug. 19 and making harassing phone
calls to her apartment. Cole is scheduled to appear in court Oct. 24, when a
judge will decide whether there's enough evidence to issue a warrant for his
arrest.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Tony Cole has already been kicked off the basketball team.;
Graphic: HOW SCHOLARSHIPS ARE REVOKED
Under NCAA bylaw 15.3.4, a school may reduce or cancel a student-athlete's
financial aid for, among other reasons, "engaging in serious misconduct
warranting substantial disciplinary penalty." The NCAA bylaw states the school
can revoke a scholarship if the student-athlete is "found to have engaged in
misconduct by the university's regular student disciplinary authority."

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

EDITORIAL: TSA looks even worse in Congress' report

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 478 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001, terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

Of particular concern in the 29-page report is that the instances of misconduct
have grown at an alarming rate in the last six years, even after a watchdog
investigation revealed substantial misconduct. For example, the report noted
that in December, a federal grand jury charged a TSA officer at Oakland
International Airport with using her position to facilitate drug smuggling
through the security checkpoint. The officer allegedly helped smuggle more than
100 kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period.

The report notes this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because
everywhere is where we all fly.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent jump in reported misconduct by TSA
workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.
The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures."

Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity
and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct. Try not
to think about that the next time you're standing in a long checkpoint line.

The misconduct ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending government
money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a
checkpoint without questioning). The House report says that while allegations
have been rising, the TSA has taken fewer disciplinary actions against
employees. A faulty disciplinary system contributes to low morale. As the report
says, "Employee misconduct of all types corrupts TSA's core mission to protect
the traveling public and poses serious security vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
actually make us safer. It's failing on both.

-- Bay Area News Group editorial board, Digital First Media

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 1, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Abuse by prosecutors gets rare moment in sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 555 words


Rolando Cruz, by his lawyer's admission, is a teller of tall tales,
including one about 10-year-old Jeanine Nicarico's murder in 1983.

But the DuPage County, Ill., prosecutors who put Cruz away for
killing Jeanine are the ones facing punishment for lying. They
are accused of foisting one whopper on a jury -- that Cruz told
police he had a vision of the murder -- and of withholding evidence
that might have helped exonerate him.


The prosecutors deny the charges. A jury will decide their fate.

The case is unusual because prosecutors rarely face trial, even
though they hold more power than anyone else in the criminal justice
system. And it comes as prosecutors' conduct is getting added
attention, largely because of controversy surrounding independent
counsel Ken Starr's pursuit of President Clinton.

The powers that made people queasy in Starr's case are broadly
available to prosecutors. They decide not only whom to prosecute,
but also which witnesses to offer deals to for their testimony,
whom to call before a grand jury and even how to write an indictment.
In recent years, Congress and legislatures have broadened those
powers by taking sentencing discretion from judges, effectively
transferring it to prosecutors, who decide what charge a defendant
will face.

Big powers can lead to big dangers.

That was the case in Wenatchee, Wash., where 30 people were convicted
on sexual abuse charges in what the Seattle Post-Intelligencer
last year documented was a prosecutor's witch hunt. The same
thing had happened in the mid-1980s in Bakersfield, Calif.

In addition, a recent Pittsburgh Post-Gazette series reported
that U.S. attorneys in dozens of cases withheld evidence or otherwise
abused defendants' rights. And a Chicago Tribune series
found 381 murder convictions overturned since 1963, Cruz's among
them, for prosecutors' misconduct.

Prosecutors point out that some reported misconduct resulted from
errors by police and others on whom they rely for information.
Other cases are blamed on overwork or inexperience. The average
prosecutor deals with 250 to 400 cases a year. And the three-year
turnover rate for most offices runs from 30% to 100%. But, as
many prosecutors say, whether misconduct is intentional or not
makes little difference to people who lose their freedom. And
in the cases of defendants convicted in retrials (the usual outcome),
misconduct wastes taxpayers' money.

The devilish problem is there's no way to know how much misconduct
goes on. Nearly 99% of cases never reach a courtroom for trial.
They are plea-bargained in prosecutors' offices. And in cases
that reach court, judges who ferret out misconduct don't report
names except in extraordinary situations, making it hard to hold
prosecutors publicly accountable.

What can be done? Courts can name prosecutors whose convictions
are overturned for misconduct. In addition, lawmakers should give
those courts more discretion on punishing prosecutors and on reducing
sentences of defendants, if they think justice demands it.

Such changes won't produce perfect justice, but they'd make it
easier to keep tabs on the few prosecutors whose misconduct gives
others a bad name, puts innocent people in prison and lets real
criminals go free.

LOAD-DATE: April 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 4, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Officer Accused of Visiting Brothel During Bike Patrol

BYLINE: By KIT R. ROANE

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 505 words


A police officer was charged with official misconduct yesterday after a
four-month investigation revealed that he had been frequenting a Queens brothel
while in uniform on bicycle patrol, prosecutors said.

Officer Damian Colon, 34, was arrested yesterday afternoon at his Nassau County
home on charges of official misconduct, patronizing a prostitute and receiving a
reward for official misconduct, the Queens District Attorney, Richard A. Brown,
said.

The allegations against Officer Colon came a month after two other officers were
indicted on charges of taking bribes of sex, cash and gifts from a brothel in
midtown Manhattan. A three-year investigation into that brothel found that up to
20 officers had frequented it. Two of the officers involved resigned after
pleading guilty to charges similar to those Officer Colon faces, and prosecutors
in Manhattan said that there could be other indictments.

After saying that the cases in Manhattan and the one in Queens were "isolated
incidents," Police Commissioner Howard Safir said yesterday that his department
would not tolerate "this kind of serious misconduct, if in fact it is true."

If convicted of receiving a reward for official misconduct, Officer Colon could
spend up to four years in prison, prosecutors said. Police officials added that
he had been suspended without pay pending an internal investigation.

The District Attorney's office said that while other officers were working their
patrols, Officer Colon was scurrying off to a bordello at 147-16 Archer Avenue
in Jamaica. Prosecutors said he would ride his mountain bike from the 103d
Precinct station house and lock it in a nearby garage before going to the
brothel.

The police were alerted to the situation on Feb. 4 by one of the prostitutes at
the brothel, prosecutors said. The woman complained that on-duty police officers
had begun to frequent the establishment and were having sex free of charge,
prosecutors said. Mary DeBourbon, a spokeswoman for the office, said that an
investigation by the Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau found evidence
against only Officer Colon.

About 3 P.M. on April 20, investigators said, they watched Officer Colon enter
the brothel. Once he was inside, one of the business managers instructed a
prostitute to have sex with him, according to the criminal complaint filed in
the case. The complaint also says that after the woman performed the acts on the
officer, she "was instructed by her supervisors not to charge the defendant any
money."

The uniformed officer was again seen at the brothel on the afternoon of May 5 by
an undercover officer who was also inside and watched Officer Colon enter a
private room, according to the complaint.

Officer Colon also had sex with one of the prostitutes in the bathroom of a
pizzeria at 147-21 Jamaica Avenue on the afternoon of May 25, prosecutors said.
They added that at no time did Officer Colon try to arrest any of the
prostitutes.

The police said steps were being taken to close the brothel.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 27, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Archdiocese of Milwaukee Sues Insurers on Sexual-Abuse Claims

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A;    Page 10;    Column 2;    National Desk

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE, Dec. 26


The Archdiocese of Milwaukee is suing 14 insurance companies that have refused
to make payments to people seeking damages from the Roman Catholic Church
because they were victims of sexual misconduct by priests.

The insurance companies argue that they are not obligated to pay the claims
because church officials knew of the sexual misconduct and failed to take
appropriate action. Thus, they say, the misconduct was intentional and not
insured.

The lawsuit, filed last week, demands that settlements and legal fees be paid;
it also seeks punitive damages, charging breach of contract. The lawsuit does
not specify how much money the archdiocese believes it is owed.

The archdiocese has refused to disclose how much it has spent to settle or
defend itself against lawsuits over sexual misconduct by priests. No civil case
involving such misconduct has gone to trial locally. Some cases have been
dismissed and private settlements have been reached in others.

"We have been in a dialogue with the insurance companies named in the lawsuit
for a substantial period of time," said Rosemary Murphy, a spokeswoman for the
archdiocese. "They have failed to provide, up to this point, coverage for which
we have paid premiums."

Archbishop Rembert G. Weakland told The Milwaukee Journal earlier this year that
the settlements had been "a financial burden for the diocese."

"Every diocese in the country" has had similar problems with insurance
companies, he said. "It comes to a question of bad faith when you count on these
insurance companies and they refuse to cover."

Insurers have increasingly taken a hard line on sexual-abuse coverage. As a
result many churches have not only been refused payment on claims, but they have
also had trouble renewing coverage or buying new policies.

Several of the insurance companies being sued by the archdiocese are from London
and are affiliated with Lloyd's of London. The British insurers named are
Underwriters at Lloyd's, Dominion Insurance, C.N.A. Reinsurance of London,
Stronghold Insurance, Excess Insurance, Yasuda Fire and Marine Insurance, Terra
Nova Insurance, St. Katherine Insurance and Sphere Drake Insurance.

American insurers named in the suit are Centennial Insurance, Granite State
Insurance and National Union Fire Insurance, all of New York City, and
International Surplus Lines Insurance and Interstate Fire and Casualty of
Chicago.

Gallagher Bassett Services Inc., an agent for the insurers in Milwaukee, did not
return telephone calls seeking comments.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                          December 19, 2007 Wednesday

Yoder:Misconduct counts filed case by case

BYLINE: By Edith Brady-Lunny;eblunny@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 450 words


BLOOMINGTON - Charges of official misconduct can damage careers and financially
ruin public employees, a Bloomington defense lawyer said Tuesday after the
acquittal of a former Illinois State University professor.

"It can be very dangerous," John Prior said. "There's a need for the statute,
but it can be easily misused. It's a kind of fishnet for public employees."

While McLean County Clerk Peggy Ann Milton, who recently was acquitted of
official misconduct, has called for creating an independent review panel that
could take a look at complaints involving public employees before the issue
moves into the criminal court venue.

McLean County State's Attorney Bill Yoder declined to comment on Milton's
suggestion.

He said the two official misconduct cases that involved his office this year are
not indicative of a pattern. The Milton case was handled by a special
prosecutor.

"No two cases are the same. All cases are difficult because the state has a high
burden of proof and we welcome that high burden," said Yoder.

Prior represented former ISU associate professor Michael Forbes on official
misconduct charges related to a sex act performed on the teacher by a student. A
judge acquitted Forbes Tuesday of those charges.

Forbes testified that he lost a job with a North Carolina university after the
school learned of the McLean County indictments.

"I can't find a job teaching. The idea that I had this affair with a student is
very damning to my career," said the former professor who now drives a cab in
Wisconsin.

The Forbes acquittal is the third time this year a McLean County jury or judge
has rejected official misconduct charges against a public employee.

In May, a former ISU theater professor Patrick O'Gara was acquitted by a judge
of battery and official misconduct charges accusing him of kissing a student who
said the attention was unwanted.

Milton was found not guilty by a jury in August of theft and official misconduct
. A special prosecutor filed the accusations that related to the use of her
office's stamps and an employee's time.

Prior said he could support a review panel to examine situations involving
public workers.

"That may be a good idea. We need people to work for government and not be
afraid of criminal charges," said Prior.

The woman involved in the Forbes case has filed a federal lawsuit against the
former teacher and the university. She is seeking $500,000 from ISU in
compensatory damages and $100,000 in punitive damages from Forbes.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

crime wrap

BYLINE: LISA A. DAVIS ldavis@tampatrib.com, ldavis@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS METRO; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 601 words


By LISA A. DAVIS

ldavis@tampatrib.com

'Love' Remark Costs Deputy

NEW PORT RICHEY - A Pasco County sheriff's deputy who served as a school
resource officer was fired late Wednesday, accused of making an inappropriate
comment to a 13-year-old girl earlier that day.

Sheriff Bob White fired Cpl. Christopher Magavero, 42, after he confirmed that
he told the River Ridge Middle School student, "I feel like I'm falling in love
with you," according to the sheriff's office.

The girl told a guidance counselor, which triggered an investigation.

"We have no evidence that anything physical took place," sheriff's spokesman
Doug Tobin said Thursday. Tobin said White thought immediate termination was
appropriate because of the nature of the charge and the involvement of a child.
Often, personnel are placed on administrative leave while being investigated.

"The deputy definitely committed an incredible error in judgment," Tobin said.

Magavero, who is married, has been a Pasco deputy since June 2000 and a school
resource officer since 2004.

Magavero has three business days to appeal.

Accountant Pleads Guilty In $230,000 Loan Case

TAMPA - An accountant pleaded guilty Thursday to lying to the Bank of Tampa to
obtain more than $230,000 in loans for his business.

Jose I. Roman, 44, of Tampa could face a maximum of 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine for the charge of making false statements to a bank, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

An accountant in private practice, Roman submitted information overstating his
clients' assets or understating their liabilities, prosecutors said. He
submitted bogus tax returns with overstated income entries to influence the bank
to issue the loans, prosecutors said.

The Tampa Tribune

Sheriff's Office Rules Man's Death A Homicide

TAMPA - The body of a 37-year-old man was found in a Tampa house Thursday and
the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office has ruled the case a homicide.

Deputies were called to 14701 Del Valle Road about 3 a.m. A caller told deputies
that Brett Aaron Coffin, of 7607 Alema St., Tampa, was unconscious inside.

Hillsborough County Fire Rescue paramedics pronounced Coffin dead at the scene.
Authorities said Coffin had severe injuries to the upper body.

Neighbors told deputies that the home on Del Valle Road is known to house
transients and possible drug users.

The Tampa Tribune

Dade City Man Accused Of Sex Attack In April

TAMPA - Dade City police arrested a man who they say broke in to a woman's home
in April, held a gun to her head and forced her to perform a sex act.

DNA evidence linked Mandarin Heshamin Colbert, 30, to the April 21 home invasion
on Lake Avenue, police said.

A cell phone, wallet and cash were also taken, police said.

Colbert was charged with home invasion robbery and sexual battery. He was being
held in the Land O' Lakes Jail with bail set at $200,000.

The Tampa Tribune

Man, Woman Found Shot; Both In Critical Condition

BAYONET POINT - A man and a woman found shot in the woods Thursday afternoon
were airlifted to a Tampa Bay area hospital where they were listed "very
critical condition," the Pasco County Sheriff's Office said.

The sheriff's office received a call about

3:21 p.m.

When deputies arrived at 31211 Secret Lane, they found a man and woman, between
the ages of 40 and 50, shot in their upper torsos.

They were found in or near a four-door vehicle in the woods just off the edge of
Secret Lane, said sheriff's office spokesman Doug Tobin.

The names of the two victims were not available.

The Tampa Tribune

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

crime wrap

BYLINE: LISA A. DAVIS ldavis@tampatrib.com, ldavis@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 600 words


By LISA A. DAVIS

ldavis@tampatrib.com

'Love' Remark Costs Deputy

NEW PORT RICHEY - A Pasco County sheriff's deputy who served as a school
resource officer was fired late Wednesday, accused of making an inappropriate
comment to a 13-year-old girl earlier that day.

Sheriff Bob White fired Cpl. Christopher Magavero, 42, after he confirmed that
he told the River Ridge Middle School student, "I feel like I'm falling in love
with you," according to the sheriff's office.

The girl told a guidance counselor, which triggered an investigation.

"We have no evidence that anything physical took place," sheriff's spokesman
Doug Tobin said Thursday. Tobin said White thought immediate termination was
appropriate because of the nature of the charge and the involvement of a child.
Often, personnel are placed on administrative leave while being investigated.

"The deputy definitely committed an incredible error in judgment," Tobin said.

Magavero, who is married, has been a Pasco deputy since June 2000 and a school
resource officer since 2004.

Magavero has three business days to appeal.

Accountant Pleads Guilty In $230,000 Loan Case

TAMPA - An accountant pleaded guilty Thursday to lying to the Bank of Tampa to
obtain more than $230,000 in loans for his business.

Jose I. Roman, 44, of Tampa could face a maximum of 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine for the charge of making false statements to a bank, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

An accountant in private practice, Roman submitted information overstating his
clients' assets or understating their liabilities, prosecutors said. He
submitted bogus tax returns with overstated income entries to influence the bank
to issue the loans, prosecutors said.

The Tampa Tribune

Sheriff's Office Rules Man's Death A Homicide

TAMPA - The body of a 37-year-old man was found in a Tampa house Thursday and
the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office has ruled the case a homicide.

Deputies were called to 14701 Del Valle Road about 3 a.m. A caller told deputies
that Brett Aaron Coffin, of 7607 Alema St., Tampa, was unconscious inside.

Hillsborough County Fire Rescue paramedics pronounced Coffin dead at the scene.
Authorities said Coffin had severe injuries to the upper body.

Neighbors told deputies that the home on Del Valle Road is known to house
transients and possible drug users.

The Tampa Tribune

Dade City Man Accused Of Sex Attack In April

TAMPA - Dade City police arrested a man who they say broke in to a woman's home
in April, held a gun to her head and forced her to perform a sex act.

DNA evidence linked Mandarin Heshamin Colbert, 30, to the April 21 home invasion
on Lake Avenue, police said.

A cell phone, wallet and cash were also taken, police said.

Colbert was charged with home invasion robbery and sexual battery. He was being
held in the Land O' Lakes Jail with bail set at $200,000.

The Tampa Tribune

Man, Woman Found Shot; Both In Critical Condition

BAYONET POINT - A man and a woman found shot in the woods Thursday afternoon
were airlifted to a Tampa Bay area hospital where they were listed "very
critical condition," the Pasco County Sheriff's Office said.

The sheriff's office received a call about

3:21 p.m.

When deputies arrived at 31211 Secret Lane, they found a man and woman, between
the ages of 40 and 50, shot in their upper torsos.

They were found in or near a four-door vehicle in the woods just off the edge of
Secret Lane, said sheriff's office spokesman Doug Tobin.

The names of the two victims were not available.

The Tampa Tribune

Copyright  2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

crime wrap

BYLINE: LISA A. DAVIS ldavis@tampatrib.com, ldavis@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 600 words


By LISA A. DAVIS

ldavis@tampatrib.com

'Love' Remark Costs Deputy

NEW PORT RICHEY - A Pasco County sheriff's deputy who served as a school
resource officer was fired late Wednesday, accused of making an inappropriate
comment to a 13-year-old girl earlier that day.

Sheriff Bob White fired Cpl. Christopher Magavero, 42, after he confirmed that
he told the River Ridge Middle School student, "I feel like I'm falling in love
with you," according to the sheriff's office.

The girl told a guidance counselor, which triggered an investigation.

"We have no evidence that anything physical took place," sheriff's spokesman
Doug Tobin said Thursday. Tobin said White thought immediate termination was
appropriate because of the nature of the charge and the involvement of a child.
Often, personnel are placed on administrative leave while being investigated.

"The deputy definitely committed an incredible error in judgment," Tobin said.

Magavero, who is married, has been a Pasco deputy since June 2000 and a school
resource officer since 2004.

Magavero has three business days to appeal.

Accountant Pleads Guilty In $230,000 Loan Case

TAMPA - An accountant pleaded guilty Thursday to lying to the Bank of Tampa to
obtain more than $230,000 in loans for his business.

Jose I. Roman, 44, of Tampa could face a maximum of 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine for the charge of making false statements to a bank, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

An accountant in private practice, Roman submitted information overstating his
clients' assets or understating their liabilities, prosecutors said. He
submitted bogus tax returns with overstated income entries to influence the bank
to issue the loans, prosecutors said.

The Tampa Tribune

Sheriff's Office Rules Man's Death A Homicide

TAMPA - The body of a 37-year-old man was found in a Tampa house Thursday and
the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office has ruled the case a homicide.

Deputies were called to 14701 Del Valle Road about 3 a.m. A caller told deputies
that Brett Aaron Coffin, of 7607 Alema St., Tampa, was unconscious inside.

Hillsborough County Fire Rescue paramedics pronounced Coffin dead at the scene.
Authorities said Coffin had severe injuries to the upper body.

Neighbors told deputies that the home on Del Valle Road is known to house
transients and possible drug users.

The Tampa Tribune

Dade City Man Accused Of Sex Attack In April

TAMPA - Dade City police arrested a man who they say broke in to a woman's home
in April, held a gun to her head and forced her to perform a sex act.

DNA evidence linked Mandarin Heshamin Colbert, 30, to the April 21 home invasion
on Lake Avenue, police said.

A cell phone, wallet and cash were also taken, police said.

Colbert was charged with home invasion robbery and sexual battery. He was being
held in the Land O' Lakes Jail with bail set at $200,000.

The Tampa Tribune

Man, Woman Found Shot; Both In Critical Condition

BAYONET POINT - A man and a woman found shot in the woods Thursday afternoon
were airlifted to a Tampa Bay area hospital where they were listed "very
critical condition," the Pasco County Sheriff's Office said.

The sheriff's office received a call about

3:21 p.m.

When deputies arrived at 31211 Secret Lane, they found a man and woman, between
the ages of 40 and 50, shot in their upper torsos.

They were found in or near a four-door vehicle in the woods just off the edge of
Secret Lane, said sheriff's office spokesman Doug Tobin.

The names of the two victims were not available.

The Tampa Tribune

Copyright  2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

crime wrap

BYLINE: LISA A. DAVIS ldavis@tampatrib.com, ldavis@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS METRO; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 601 words


By LISA A. DAVIS

ldavis@tampatrib.com

'Love' Remark Costs Deputy

NEW PORT RICHEY - A Pasco County sheriff's deputy who served as a school
resource officer was fired late Wednesday, accused of making an inappropriate
comment to a 13-year-old girl earlier that day.

Sheriff Bob White fired Cpl. Christopher Magavero, 42, after he confirmed that
he told the River Ridge Middle School student, "I feel like I'm falling in love
with you," according to the sheriff's office.

The girl told a guidance counselor, which triggered an investigation.

"We have no evidence that anything physical took place," sheriff's spokesman
Doug Tobin said Thursday. Tobin said White thought immediate termination was
appropriate because of the nature of the charge and the involvement of a child.
Often, personnel are placed on administrative leave while being investigated.

"The deputy definitely committed an incredible error in judgment," Tobin said.

Magavero, who is married, has been a Pasco deputy since June 2000 and a school
resource officer since 2004.

Magavero has three business days to appeal.

Accountant Pleads Guilty In $230,000 Loan Case

TAMPA - An accountant pleaded guilty Thursday to lying to the Bank of Tampa to
obtain more than $230,000 in loans for his business.

Jose I. Roman, 44, of Tampa could face a maximum of 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine for the charge of making false statements to a bank, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

An accountant in private practice, Roman submitted information overstating his
clients' assets or understating their liabilities, prosecutors said. He
submitted bogus tax returns with overstated income entries to influence the bank
to issue the loans, prosecutors said.

The Tampa Tribune

Sheriff's Office Rules Man's Death A Homicide

TAMPA - The body of a 37-year-old man was found in a Tampa house Thursday and
the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office has ruled the case a homicide.

Deputies were called to 14701 Del Valle Road about 3 a.m. A caller told deputies
that Brett Aaron Coffin, of 7607 Alema St., Tampa, was unconscious inside.

Hillsborough County Fire Rescue paramedics pronounced Coffin dead at the scene.
Authorities said Coffin had severe injuries to the upper body.

Neighbors told deputies that the home on Del Valle Road is known to house
transients and possible drug users.

The Tampa Tribune

Dade City Man Accused Of Sex Attack In April

TAMPA - Dade City police arrested a man who they say broke in to a woman's home
in April, held a gun to her head and forced her to perform a sex act.

DNA evidence linked Mandarin Heshamin Colbert, 30, to the April 21 home invasion
on Lake Avenue, police said.

A cell phone, wallet and cash were also taken, police said.

Colbert was charged with home invasion robbery and sexual battery. He was being
held in the Land O' Lakes Jail with bail set at $200,000.

The Tampa Tribune

Man, Woman Found Shot; Both In Critical Condition

BAYONET POINT - A man and a woman found shot in the woods Thursday afternoon
were airlifted to a Tampa Bay area hospital where they were listed "very
critical condition," the Pasco County Sheriff's Office said.

The sheriff's office received a call about

3:21 p.m.

When deputies arrived at 31211 Secret Lane, they found a man and woman, between
the ages of 40 and 50, shot in their upper torsos.

They were found in or near a four-door vehicle in the woods just off the edge of
Secret Lane, said sheriff's office spokesman Doug Tobin.

The names of the two victims were not available.

The Tampa Tribune

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

Panel told trial errors are pervasive

BYLINE: By Fredric N. Tulsky Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; State; News; Crime; Special Reports; San Jose - Valley;
Communities

LENGTH: 637 words


LOS ANGELES - At a daylong hearing probing the roles that prosecutorial and
defense misconduct play in wrongful convictions, a parade of attorneys and legal
experts told a statewide commission that both problems are pervasive and that
more must be done to address them.

For prosecutors, the commission heard Wednesday, the misconduct often involves
withholding evidence from defendants or giving improper closing arguments to
juries. For defense attorneys, the failures often involve poorly investigated
cases - a problem tied to inadequate spending.

And neither are likely to face any public repercussions when they do commit such
errors.

"What gets squashed is the truth," said Professor Laurence Benner of the
California Western School of Law, who called the combination of withheld
evidence and poorly funded defense attorneys the "vice of our criminal justice
system."

But some district attorneys attending the hearing of the California Commission
for the Fair Administration of Justice were concerned that the panel would craft
misguided new rules to try to address misconduct.

`Ahead of the curve'

Speaking between sessions of the hearing, where she also testified, Santa Clara
County District Attorney Dolores Carr reiterated her plans to eliminate, as much
as possible, prosecutorial misconduct.

"Our office is working to stay ahead of the curve," Carr said.

The hearing, focused statewide, mirrored findings in the Mercury News' "Tainted
Trials, Stolen Justice" series, which found that questionable conduct by
prosecutors and defense lawyers in Santa Clara County increased the small but
significant risk of wrongful convictions.

The commission, chaired by former state Attorney General John Van De Kamp, is
considering a range of steps to address the problems: more rigorous reporting of
prosecutorial misconduct; more training on prosecutors' duty to promptly turn
over potentially helpful defense evidence; and addressing inadequate funding for
defense work in many counties.

Among the other statements Wednesday that drew concern was a claim that the
statewide district attorneys' association had discouraged attorneys from
cooperating with the law professors who were doing research for the commission.

"Overall there was suspicion" among district attorneys, said Loyola Law School
professor Laurie Levenson - and that impeded her effort to gather information
from prosecutors. Carr, for her part, pledged at the hearing that her office
would cooperate with Levenson's work.

Punishment lacking

Meanwhile, the commission heard testimony that one weapon against misconduct -
aggressive punishment of errant prosecutors and defense attorneys - has been
lacking.

Kathleen Ridolfi, a commission member and the director of the Northern
California Innocence Project, told the commission that her own current study of
prosecutorial misconduct in California identified 347 prosecutors who had
engaged in misconduct during a 10-year period, but only one had been publicly
disciplined for that conduct.

Scott Drexel, chief trial counsel of the state bar, told the commission that
many judges do not report instances in which they witness apparent misconduct.
But even if they did, Drexel said, his agency is limited by a high standard of
proof required to warrant discipline. "Only in the most egregious cases would we
go forward," he said.

Commission members also heard testimony that an increasing number of counties
are turning over the representation of impoverished defendants to firms willing
to do the work on the cheap.

Leonard Tauman, whose firm provided Placer County's public defenders for 16
years, told the commission that when his firm was replaced last year, county
officials said it was "just a matter of dollars and cents. Our level of service,
I think, was very high."

Contact Fredric N. Tulsky at rtulsky@mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Police Misconduct in New Jersey

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York: Legal Resources Organization has issued the following news release:



 Police misconduct is a major issue across the nation. Major cases have recently
shed a nationwide light on this problem. Police brutality in New Jersey is just
as much of an issue as it is elsewhere.





 Even if it is not always deadly, individuals facing criminal charges in New
Jersey are often victims of police misconduct.



 Controversial Departments Throughout New Jersey

 One of the most controversial police departments in the nation can be found in
Newark, New Jersey. In 2014, after many complaints from residents, the US
Department of Justice agreed that the police department in Newark was regularly
violating the constitution in searches, stops, and arrests. Additionally, it was
determined that officers frequently used excessive force.



 Individuals have made reports of unconstitutional stop-and-searches which
violate the suspect's privacy. These searches frequently turn up nothing, yet
citizens complain that the officers involved still treat them as if they are
guilty. In one particularly flagrant case, a 10-year-old boy was stopped and
frisked by an officer.



 Newark is not the only city in New Jersey which suffers from widespread police
misconduct. In 2014, it was found that complaint rates of police misconduct in
Camden were higher than cities with larger populations and more police. While
the use of body cameras and dashboard cameras have helped these rates fall,
there is still a chance of danger for those facing criminal charges in Camden.



 What Police Misconduct Looks Like

 Police misconduct can come in several forms. Some, such as excessive force, can
seem obvious, but others can be hard to spot. Behaviors which constitute police
misconduct include:



 False Arrest: in the situation of a false arrest, the suspect has been arrested
without reasonable cause. This can mean that they were arrested without a
warrant, and without having committed a crime in the presence of the officer. A
false arrest violates the Fourth Amendment, and therefore can lead to criminal
charges being quickly dismissed.



 Excessive Force: as mentioned above, excessive force can seem obvious. However,
excessive force can often be seen even in mundane traffic stops for minor
infractions. Even a compliant individual can be the victim of unnecessarily
rough handling.



 Failure to Intervene: in a failure to intervene, an officer does not uphold
their constitutional responsibility to protect the suspect from the misconduct
of another officer. This is an easily-overlooked form of police misconduct, but
can be used to help build an effective criminal defense.



 ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Michele Finizio

 Cherry Hill criminal defense attorney Michele Finizio has been practicing
criminal law since 2006. Michele Finizio graduated from the Widener University
School of Law and has her Masters in Science from Drexel University. Attorney
Michele Finizio's primary areas of focus are in criminal law and municipal
court, including DWI, shoplifting, traffic violations, drug offenses, disorderly
conduct offenses and all indictable charges. She is devoted to providing each
and every client with aggressive and skilled legal representation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 26, 1998, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NHL RESCINDS GAME MISCONDUCT ON CHASE

BYLINE: Dave Luecking; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. F4

LENGTH: 498 words


The National Hockey League on Saturday rescinded the game misconduct that Blues
enforcer Kelly Chase received for losing his jersey in a fight with the Kings'
Sean O'Donnell on Thursday in Game 1.

Bryan Lewis, the NHL's director of officiating, took away the misconduct because
O'Donnell instigated the fight - an exception to NHL Rule 56a that penalizes
players whose sweaters are "not properly tied down . . . and loses his sweater
in that altercation."

"The referee called the instigator, which the replay clearly showed, but there
was still a question as to whether (O'Donnell) took off the jersey, or (Chase)
tried to get out of it," said Lewis, who reviewed a video of the fight before
Game 2. "The replay clearly showed that (O'Donnell) reached over to take it
off."

If Chase had tried to wiggle out of the jersey, as Gregson ruled at the time,
the misconduct would have stood. After the game, Chase had argued that the
tie-down came undone because his uniform pants had to be retrofitted by the
trainers after it came from the factory without the proper attachments.

Lewis said that wasn't an excuse for the jersey coming off because players are
responsible for making sure it's properly fastened, regardless of how it came
from the factory.

Chase received three game misconducts for losing his jersey in fights after the
Olympic break, leading to an automatic one-game suspension that he served in the
Blues' last regular-season meeting with the Kings on April 16.

In the playoffs, the automatic one-game suspension comes after only two game
misconducts. So, rather than risk a suspension with his next game misconduct,
Chase gets to start with a clean slate.

Kings coach Larry Robinson made two lineup changes, starting goalie Jamie Storr
ahead of Stephane Fiset and scratching winger Dan Bylsma to create a spot for
veteran center Ray Ferraro. Defensemen Doug Zmolek and Philippe Boucher and
forwards Roman Vopat and Sandy Moger haven't played in the series.

Blues coach Joel Quenneville went with the same lineup, scratching forwards Tony
Twist, Mike Eastwood and Michel Picard, and defensemen Jamie Rivers and Rudy
Poeschek.

In a ceremony during the first intermission, Blues vice president Bruce Affleck
accepted a $ 50,000 check for the Fourteen Fund from Grey Eagle Distributors,
Bud Ice and participating restaurants and bars.

The Fourteen Fund is the Blues' charitable trust honoring Doug Wickenheiser, who
wore No. 14 as a Blue and is battling lung cancer. Wickenheiser spent the
weekend in New York receiving treatment for the disease.

The Worcester (Mass.) IceCats, the Blues' American Hockey League affiliate,
defeated Springfield, Mass., 5-2 on Friday to win their first-round playoff
series 3-1. Robert Petrovicky, Bob Lachance and Shayne Toporowski each had a
goal and an assist.

Worcester will play the Hartford Wolf Pack in an Eastern Conference semifinal
series. The best-of-seven series begins Wednesday at Hartford.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 3, 2017 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Educators, report sexual misconduct;
States should prohibit the accused from transferring without a record of the
allegations

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 733 words


After high school football coach Kip McFarlin was accused of using sexually
suggestive language to students and telling one he'd date her if he were
younger, the Orangefield Independent School District in Texas wanted McFarlin
gone. But the district didn't fire him. Or report him to police. Or inform
teacher licensing officials, despite a state law requiring a report.

In 2005, district officials found a way to give him "a graceful exit," and send
him off with a clean record, which he used to get another teaching job. Six
years later, at a school in Port Arthur, Texas, he had sex with a 16-year-old
student and was later convicted of sexual assault.

A USA TODAY Network investigation found dozens of teachers with hidden histories
of sexual misconduct working at schools or in other jobs with access to
children, where supervisors knew nothing of their pasts.

In several cases, there were tragic results. Illinois elementary school students
were forced to eat off a teacher's crotch. Five elementary school students were
sexually molested in New Jersey.

Hiding sexual misconduct, enabling perpetrators to move on, is so common among
school systems that there's a name for it: "passing the trash."

And yet even though educators and child advocates have long known about the
problem, existing laws have failed to end the practice. Efforts to pass new laws
have been thwarted, at times by teachers' unions or have missed the crux of the
problem.

For instance, some congressional lawmakers have pressed for a federal government
database of school personnel fired for sexual misconduct to prevent them from
getting new jobs.

Such a database -- which could also be maintained by a private group, such as
the one for school superintendents -- would help. But it would work only if
other underlying problems are addressed first.

Among the most basic:

Some schools fail to make even the most rudimentary pre-hiring checks. A private
Louisiana high school hired a teacher who was a registered sex offender in
neighboring Texas. Students looking on the Internet stumbled upon the listing.
Even so, the school did not report him and gave him a positive recommendation.
He went on to teach at a public school until a parent accused him of sending
sexually inappropriate emails to a student.

While more than 40 states have laws requiring school personnel to report sexual
abuse, district and school officials either flout them or find ways to sneak
through loopholes. That's what happened with McFarlin after the school
district's lawyer advised officials not to report to the licensing agency
because he "is not guilty of abuse or an unlawful act, just inappropriate and
stupid remarks."

School districts sometimes go further than just passing the trash, sending
predators along with neutral or good recommendations, or signing agreements to
hide files alleging misconduct. One reason? To avoid the hassle of trying to
fire union-protected teachers, which can cost more than $100,000, even with a
"slam-dunk case," as one administrator told the Government Accountability Office
in 2010.

What's to be done?

States need to broaden definitions of what must be reported to include sexual
misconduct, not just alleged criminal acts. And while more than 40 states
provide penalties for failure to report, the laws are seldom enforced. They
should be.

A federal law, passed in late 2015, requires states to pass a law or regulation
to prohibit allowing educators accused of sexual misconduct to leave without a
record of the allegations. Three states already had such laws, but only two --
Texas and Connecticut -- have passed new laws this year. In Connecticut, the
effort met with resistance from teachers' unions. The Connecticut chapter of the
American Federation of Teachers argued that the proposal "overreached" and could
prevent "negotiating separation agreements and could potentially result in a
flood of teacher termination hearings."

Certainly, teachers accused of misconduct deserve due process, but no public
employee deserves a free pass on sexual misconduct, much less the opportunity to
strike again. Every state should comply with the federal law.

Finally, laws and regulations aside, nothing will improve until every educator
decides that where sexual misconduct is suspected, failure to report or keeping
secrets is morally unacceptable. Until that happens, laws will not prevent more
children from being hurt.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Ramon Padilla, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              November 12, 1994, Saturday, SATURDAY FIRST EDITION

Eagleson under fire Complaint alleges 'misconduct' by ex-hockey mogul

BYLINE: by Mary Ormsby TORONTO STAR

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 853 words


   Bobby Orr once could have had partial ownership of the Boston Bruins - a
slice worth as much as $22 million today - according to allegations made by the
Law Society of Upper Canada.

The society has charged Alan Eagleson, the former head of the NHL Players'
Association and Orr's one-time agent, with professional misconduct and conduct
unbecoming a barrister and solicitor.

In a 17-page complaint authorized against Eagleson, the society alleges the
61-year-old Toronto lawyer mishandled players' association funds, improperly
billed clients, misled a client and directed $93,000 worth of air travel passes
from the popular Canada Cup tournament to his family and friends.

The law society's complaint, released yesterday, includes an allegation that
Eagleson in 1975 and 1976 "deliberately failed to disclose to Orr that he had
received an offer from Boston which included an 18.5 per cent ownership of the
hockey club, thereby misleading Orr."

Financial World magazine valued the Bruins at $88 million (U.S.) earlier this
year. Based on that evaluation, the 18.5 per cent portion of the club Orr might
once have owned could be worth as much as $16.3 million today in U.S. dollars,
or about $22 million in Canadian funds.

Orr, the law society alleges, specifically told Eagleson, his agent at the time,
that he preferred to play with Boston, but Eagleson, having withheld information
about the proposed stake in the Bruins, arranged for the Hall of Fame defenceman
to sign instead with the Chicago Blackhawks.

The law society document later mentions that Eagleson had a "personal
friendship" with Blackhawks owner Bill Wirtz.

Orr did not return a phone message left by The Star at his Boston home.

Eagleson, who was indicted by a U.S. grand jury this year and is the subject of
a continuing RCMP investigation, could not be reached at his Rosedale home nor
at his downtown Toronto office.

J. Edgar Sexton, one of Eagleson's Toronto lawyers, released a prepared
statement.

"We have reviewed the contents of the complaint made by the law society," the
statement said. "We are disappointed that the law society, having had Alan
Eagleson's co-operation and assistance, has decided to pursue this matter
further after all this time."

The statement added that the "charges will be vigorously defended at the
appropriate time."

The release of the complaint was a bittersweet moment for some who have
questioned Eagleson's activities as head of the NHLPA.

"Because of the contacts I have had with the law society, I frankly expected a
whitewash," said former Maple Leaf Carl Brewer, who was instrumental in
launching a successful, unrelated lawsuit against the NHL over misappropriated
pension funds. "Then they come out with a 17-page, 44-allegation (complaint).
That's amazing. Then to have read it and seen that they've been so thorough . .
. that's interesting."

Rich Winter, an Edmonton-based hockey agent and a rival of Eagleson's, was the
first to formally complain to the law society about Eagleson in a letter dated
Jan. 16, 1990.

"I'm very disappointed and very critical of the time it took to get to this
point," Winter said. "But I expected that after it had been delayed for so long
that they'd come up with something pretty good and they succeeded. The depth and
breadth of (the complaint) is almost mind-boggling."

Bob Dailey, one of the former NHL players the law society alleged Eagleson
improperly billed, was critical of the length of time the Canadian investigation
took.

"It's been four years. You wonder why it has taken so long in Canada to bring
something out," said the Philadelphia-based businessman. "Maybe things are just
a little slower up there."

The law society complaint also alleged that Eagleson's friendship with Wirtz and
Blackhawks general manager Bob Pulford placed him in a conflict-of-interest
while he was acting as an agent for player Jimmy Harrison.

The society alleges that a grievance filed by Harrison was resolved with a
settlement contrary to the player's interests.

Harrison, who needs more surgery on his back injured while in the NHL, was
pleased with the society's work.

"A fourth surgery is a concern for me because it's so risky and that's been on
my mind," Harrison said from his British Columbia home. "But the (complaint)
against Eagleson is good news to me."

The society also alleged that Eagleson improperly invested funds belonging to
his client, the NHL Players' Association and the Canada Cup and Hockey Canada in
a mortgage loan to lawyer Howard Ungerman, in trust, "in order to appropriate
personal financial benefits through Jialson Holdings Limited, a company
controlled by him, without disclosing those benefits or his interest in the
property to the NHLPA or Hockey Canada."

Eagleson has a law partnership with Ungerman.

Hockey Canada president Ron Robison yesterday confirmed that an in-house
investigation into its affairs with Eagleson, which was suspended after 13
months in March due to mounting legal costs and its inability to obtain key
information, is still shelved.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star color file photo (ANDREW STAWICKI) RAW DEAL: Hall of Famer Bobby
Orr was misled by agent Alan Eagleson over contract offer from Bruins, Law
Society of Upper Canada alleges.

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

STUDY: 7 PERCENT OF ADVISERS HAVE MISCONDUCT RECORDS

BYLINE: Len Boselovic

SECTION: BUSINESS; HEARD OFF THE STREET; Pg. G-1

LENGTH: 728 words


One of the things investors are routinely encouraged to do before turning money
over to a broker or financial adviser is to consult BrokerCheck, an online
database that provides information on the credentials of financial advisers and
their firms, including whether they have been the subject of disciplinary
action.

Yet many investors are either unaware of this resource or don't take advantage
of it. Perhaps what three researchers uncovered by scouring the database will
convince more investors to take a peek.

When Mark Egan, who teaches finance at the University of Minnesota, and
University of Chicago finance professors Gregor Matvos and Amit Seru examined
BrokerCheck records from 2005 to 2015, they discovered about 7 percent of the
brokers and financial advisers listed in the database had been cited for
misconduct.

They determined that advisers guilty of misconduct are five times more likely
than the average adviser to mistreat investors again. Of those who were fired
after being sanctioned, 44 percent were re-employed in the industry within a
year, the researchers found.

Why would a firm hire an adviser with a record of misconduct? According to the
study, it is because "some firms 'specialize' in misconduct" and are willing to
hire problem brokers.

"Firms that hire these advisers also have higher rates of prior misconduct
themselves," the researchers concluded. "Such firms are more tolerant of
misconduct, hiring advisers with unscrupulous records."

Advisers who lose their jobs after misbehaving usually take longer to find a new
job in the industry and usually land at a smaller firm that pays them nearly
$15,000 less, according to the research. Their new employer typically caters to
unsophisticated consumers who are easier targets, according to the researchers.

The finance professors said no one had studied how big of a problem misconduct
was in the industry. So they mined the information on BrokerCheck.

"We think this is the tip of the iceberg in terms of research," Mr. Matvos said.

BrokerCheck is operated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or
FINRA. The industry-funded organization regulates about 643,000 advisers and the
nearly 4,000 firms where they work.

FINRA operates an arbitration program to resolve disputes between investors and
the industry. Last year, the organization received 3,250 complaints from
investors, up 16 percent from 2014.

In addition to resolving disputes through arbitration, FINRA can discipline the
targets of those complaints. Last year, it barred 496 advisers from the industry
and suspended another 736. Whenever an investor wins an arbitration case or an
adviser or firm is sanctioned by FINRA, those actions are supposed to be
recorded in BrokerCheck.

However, that sometimes doesn't happen because in arbitration cases, firms and
advisers can make keeping the record of their misconduct off of BrokerCheck - a
process known as expungement - a condition of settling an investor dispute.
Lawyers who represent wronged investors say expungements occur too frequently,
meaning investors aren't getting a complete picture by consulting BrokerCheck.

Mr. Egan and his colleagues say their finding that 7 percent of advisers have
misconduct records is a conservative estimate because they did not include open
FINRA cases that had not been resolved. Some of those cases can be expected to
go against firms or advisers, resulting in a misconduct report on BrokerCheck,
they said.

When the researchers compared the prevalence of misconduct with demographic
data, they found that more misconduct occurs in counties with a smaller
percentage of college graduates and a larger share of retirees, and that more
advisers with misconduct records work in those counties. They also found that
counties with more people in high-income brackets have more issues with problem
advisers.

A FINRA spokesman said the organization uses a number of means to keep tabs on
high-risk brokers in an effort to take action against them quicker. He also
urged investors to consult BrokerCheck, which he said was used 71 million times
last year to review the records of firms or advisers.

Mr. Matvos said the easiest way to keep problems off the street is to educate
consumers, including getting them to use the online record provided by FINRA.

"In principle, everyone has access to BrokerCheck. Everyone can see what we
saw," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Len Boselovic: lboselovic@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1941.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday

Phillip Gilfus, former Cumberland County commissioner, disbarred for financial
misconduct

BYLINE: Gregory Phillips, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


Oct. 09--A lawyer and former Cumberland County commissioner has been disbarred
for financial misconduct.

The State Bar found that a lesser punishment for Phillip Gilfus, 33, would belie
the seriousness of his misconduct. Gilfus stole $2,132 from the local Cumberland
County Democratic Men's Club when he was the group's treasurer.

In January, Gilfus accepted six months probation and 24 hours community service
in criminal court as part of a bargain to avoid pleading guilty to a felony
embezzlement charge.

Gilfus wrote 10 checks to himself between November 2011 and July 2012. He has
said he was struggling financially and didn't know to ask for help.

Gilfus repaid the money after club leaders confronted him that summer. He was
charged in December.

The State Bar's ruling noted that Gilfus did not report his misconduct to the
State Bar until January, after he had been served with criminal charges. The
ruling said Gilfus "candidly admitted the seriousness of his misconduct" at a
Sept. 13 bar hearing.

Disbarred lawyers may petition for license restoration after five years, but
they must prove to a disciplinary board that they have reformed.

Gilfus, who could not be reached for comment, was appointed to fill an unexpired
term on the Board of Commissioners in 2010, but he lost an election bid later
that year. He is a captain and lawyer in the Army Reserve.

Gilfus now lives in Greensboro and is an adjunct instructor at Davidson County
Community College in Lexington.

Staff writer Gregory Phillips can be reached at phillipsg@fayobserver.com or
486-3596.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131009-FY-Phillip-Gilfus-former-Cumberland-County-commissioner-disbarred-for-f
inancial-misconduct-1009-20131009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 16, 1998, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Stricter Oversight of Police Would Save Money, Report Says

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 656 words


With police brutality lawsuits costing New York City $96.8 million over the last
four years -- nearly 10 cents of every dollar that the city paid in 1997 in
personal injury cases -- the city has a big financial incentive to strengthen
the independent agency that monitors and investigates allegations of police
misconduct, according to a new report.

The report, released yesterday by the New York Civil Liberties Union, found that
five years after the Civilian Complaint Review Board took the responsibility for
investigating allegations of police misconduct out of the hands of the Police
Department, the all-civilian review board has yet to live up to its potential.

The report criticizes the board for substantiating only 5 percent of the
allegations it received and criticizes Police Commissioner Howard Safir for
failing to act in many cases in which the review board found credible evidence
of misconduct.

In addition to the human toll taken by police misconduct, the report pointed to
the financial toll misconduct takes on the city. Citing figures provided by City
Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi, the report found that New York City paid $96.8
million in settlements and judgments in police misconduct cases from 1994 to
1997, a 59 percent increase over the prior four-year period.

That number is almost sure to rise, the report noted. In recent years, more and
more people have filed notices of claim -- the first step toward filing lawsuits
-- alleging police misconduct or brutality. Whereas 1,759 notices of claim in
police suits were filed in 1994, the report said, 2,266 such claims were filed
in 1997.

Norman Siegel, the executive director of the Civil Liberties Union, who helped
draft the legislation to create the review board, said that without an effective
board more and more people would go to court. "And if police officers believe,
deep down in their hearts, that there is no effective mechanism to get
accountability and discipline them," he said, "the misconduct will continue."

The review board investigates allegations of police misconduct and passes its
findings and recommendations along to the Police Commissioner, who has the power
to discipline officers.

Echoing criticism that the review board made in September in its twice-a-year
status report, the report criticized Commissioner Safir as being slow to impose
discipline in cases when the agency finds reason to believe that an officer is
guilty. In the past, Mr. Safir has often said that he must re-investigate the
cases forwarded to him because the review board's investigations are not
thorough enough.

Yesterday Mr. Safir dismissed the report as "an old report with a new cover" in
a written statement in which he said that "data cited in the report is at best
selective."

"The report fails to note that while the police force has increased by over
7,500 members the number of complaints filed with the C.C.R.B. has risen by less
than 500," he wrote.

The report recommended taking the power to discipline officers away from the
Police Department by creating a separate legal unit within the review board to
prosecute misconduct cases. It also called for amending the City Charter to give
board members the power to choose their own chairman, rather than the Mayor. The
Mayor appoints the 13-member board: he selects five members, the City Council
selects five and the Police Commissioner selects three.

The report praised the review board for fully investigating more cases in recent
years and for nearly doubling the number of cases it substantiated in 1997 to
9.3 percent. But the report questioned why the number of substantiated cases
dropped again to 4.8 percent during the first half of 1998.

Sherman Jackson, a spokesman for the review board, did not respond in detail to
the report but said, "We are pleased that Mr. Siegel gave us credit for some of
the good things we've done in the last year."



LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Phillip Gilfus, former Cumberland County commissioner, disbarred for financial
misconduct

BYLINE: Gregory Phillips, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


Oct. 08--A lawyer and former Cumberland County commissioner has been disbarred
for financial misconduct.

The State Bar found that a lesser punishment for Phillip Gilfus, 33, would belie
the seriousness of his misconduct. Gilfus stole $2,132 from the local Democratic
Men's Club when he was the group's treasurer.

Gilfus wrote 10 checks to himself between November 2011 and July 2012. He has
said he was struggling financially and didn't know to ask for help.

Gilfus repaid the money after club leaders confronted him that summer. He was
charged in December.

In January, Gilfus accepted six months probation and 24 hours community service
in criminal court as part of a plea bargain to avoid pleading guilty to a felony
embezzlement charge.

The State Bar's ruling noted that Gilfus did not report his misconduct to the
State Bar until January, after he had been served with criminal charges. The
ruling said Gilfus "candidly admitted the seriousness of his misconduct" at a
Sept. 13 bar hearing.

Disbarred lawyers may petition for license restoration after five years, but
they must prove to a disciplinary board that they have reformed.

Gilfus was appointed to fill an unexpired term on the board of county
commissioners in 2010, but he lost an election bid later that year. He is a
captain and lawyer in the Army Reserve.

Gilfus now lives in Greensboro and is an adjunct instructor at Davidson County
Community College in Lexington.

Staff writer Gregory Phillips can be reached at phillipsg@fayobserver.com or
486-3596.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131008-FY-Phillip-Gilfus-former-Cumberland-County-commissioner-disbarred-for-f
inancial-misconduct-1008-20131008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday

Misconduct case against former prosecutor dismissed

BYLINE: Amanda Kerr, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Aug. 31--YORK -- Misconduct charges against Newport News attorney Cathy Krinick
in connection with the prosecution of murder convict Daryl Atkins have been
dismissed.

Edward Davis, of the Virginia State Bar, said that Richmond Circuit Judge
Richard Taylor Jr., the chief judge of a three-judge panel appointed to hear the
case against Krinick, has signed an order dismissing the case against Krinick,
who had been scheduled for a two-day three-judge panel hearing in
Williamsburg-James City Circuit Court beginning Tuesday.

Earlier this year, the Virginia State Bar officially brought multiple misconduct
charges against Krinick as well as York commonwealth's attorney Eileen Addison.
The charges ranged from engaging in dishonest conduct to using false or perjured
testimony.

The allegations stemmed from a 1997 interview with a co-defendant in the 1996
murder of Langley airman Eric Nesbitt. The women were accused of coaching the
testimony of William Jones and withholding evidence of coaching from the
attorney of the other co-defendant, Daryl Atkins. At the time, Krinick was
working as a special prosecutor for the York Commonwealth Attorney's Office.

Last month, a three-judge panel dismissed all charges against Addison after a
day long hearing. Davis said that the issues in the case against Krinick were
similar to the issues in the case against Addison.

"Actually the issues in Krinick's case were narrower than the allegations in the
Addison case," he said. "For that reason it made sense not to pursue this case
any further."

To see more of The Virginia Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://vagazette.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100831-1VG-Misconduct
-case-against-former-prosecutor-dismissed-0831-20100831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2010 The Virginia Gazette


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 31, 1995 Tuesday

NHL rescinds penalty to King   League rules Los Angeles defenceman   did not
butt end Leafs' Doug Gilmour

BYLINE: DAVID SHOALTS; GAM

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


BY DAVID SHOALTS
Sport Reporter
  TORONTO
 The National Hockey League can't do anything about the consequences, but
it has quietly set right an injustice suffered by the Los Angeles Kings.

Without making an official announcement, the NHL's head office
rescinded a major penalty and game misconduct given to Kings defenceman
Michel Petit last Saturday by referee Paul Stewart. Petit was assessed the
penalties after Toronto Maple Leaf centre Doug Gilmour appeared to be
struck on the head and fell to the ice.

The Kings were holding a 2-1 lead at the time, midway through the third
period, despite being badly outshot by the Maple Leafs. The Leafs scored
the tying goal on the ensuing power play and the game ended in a 2-2 tie.

Kings coach Larry Robinson wasn't happy with the call and the replays
backed him up. The video evidence showed Petit may have hit Gilmour with
his elbow, not the butt end of his stick.

The league agreed, which means the penalties are stricken from the
record, but the goal has to stand. Robinson admitted after the game he
knew this would be the best he could hope for.

By rescinding the game misconduct, Petit won't be flirting with a
suspension. Under NHL rules, any player who is assessed two stick-related
game misconducts in a season draws an automatic one-game suspension. The
penalty is doubled for each additional game misconduct.

However, Petit may not be completely free yet. NHL vice-president Brian
Burke is still investigating comments Petit made about Stewart after the
game.

Petit essentially called Stewart a showboat who was paying more
attention to the crowd than the game. That could result in a fine from
Burke.
 The Boston Bruins will be without centre Adam Oates for as long as four
weeks. He sustained a first-degree sprain of the medial collateral
ligament in his right knee during a weekend game against the Hartford
Whalers.

Dr. Bertram Zarins, Boston's team physician, said the recovery period
could be shorter. "Because it's an old injury," Oates said. "It's not as
severe as if it were the first time you'd hurt it. So I'm thinking it's
going to be two weeks, not four."
 Wendel Clark is back in favour with New York Islanders coach Mike
Milbury, which means those trade rumours have died down.

Clark was thought to be on his way out after a game last Wednesday in
Philadelphia against the Flyers. Milbury benched him for the third period
because of Clark's lacklustre play.

However, Clark came back to score a goal in each of the Islanders' past
two games and played his customary hard-nosed game both times. So, it
seems, he'll stay.

Still on the block is Clark's centre, Kirk Muller. But it's more a case
of GM Don Maloney listening to offers rather than shopping him around. The
29-year-old Muller is after a four-year contract for more than $8-million
(U.S.), which is scaring off lots of would-be buyers.

A big problem for Maloney is that he gave up Pierre Turgeon to get
Muller last season and the fans will be enraged if the GM gets anything
less than a No. 1 centre in return.
 One top centre who has been the subject of trade rumours involving Muller
is still sitting at home in Ithaca, N.Y., waiting for a deal.

Calgary Flames general manager Doug Risebrough is going to take his
time making a swap for Joe Nieuwendyk, who wants a new contract.

The Ottawa Senators made a call to Risebrough, but backed off when he
asked for their contract headache, Alexei Yashin, in exchange.
 Radek Bonk was benched by Senators coach Rick Bowness on Sunday night, as
his fast start has begun to tail off. . . . But Bonk is still playing
better than $12-million centre Alexandre Daigle, who remains on the fourth
line and in Bowness's doghouse. . . . The trade rumours of Steve Yzerman
going to Ottawa are dead.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

2 Navy submarine officers found guilty of financial misconduct

BYLINE: Jennifer McDermott, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words


May 14--Two of the first female submariners have been found guilty of financial
misconduct.

Both were charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and found guilty of
fraud and conduct unbecoming a naval officer at a disciplinary hearing, Cmdr.
Monica Rousselow, spokeswoman for the commander of the submarine force, said
today.

One of the women was also found guilty of falsifying an official statement, she
said.

The travel claim fraud involved about $4,500 per officer and occurred prior to
the women, who are supply officers, reporting to their submarines, Rousselow
said.

Rear Adm. Joseph E. Tofalo, commander of Submarine Group 10, conducted the mast
at Kings Bay, Ga. The Naval Criminal Investigative Service led the
investigation.

The submarine force said in March that three of the first female submariners
would be taken off their submarines during an investigation into alleged
financial misconduct.

The third woman later was found not to have been involved in the misconduct and
she returned to her boat, Rousselow said.

The two who were found guilty were reassigned to the Naval Submarine Support
Center and Trident Refit Facility Kings at Kings Bay. The Navy Personnel Command
will determine whether they remain in the service, Rousselow said.

Other Navy personnel were thought to be involved in the misconduct but Rousselow
could not say what happened in their cases because they are not assigned to
submarines.

The women involved were not identified because of privacy laws. Typically only
those in leadership positions who are involved in wrongdoing are named,
Rousselow said.

An alternate who went through the training took the place of one of the women.
The other will be replaced when the next group of female submariners graduates.

Rousselow said the incident had a "minimal" impact on the integration of women
on submarines.

"Our feedback from the fleet continues to be that the women who are already
assigned are integrating nicely and on track with their qualifications," she
said.

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120514-NL-2-Navy-submarine-officers-found-guilty-of-financial-
misconduct-0514-20120514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             March 13, 2009 Friday

Insurer claims church aware of misconduct;
Safeco: Shiloh Baptist knew pastor's history, which limits payouts.

BYLINE: PAUL PINKHAM

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 701 words


A Jacksonville church hid past accusations of sexual misconduct involving its
former pastor from its insurance company, potentially voiding parts of the
policy and limiting pending claims, the insurer said in court.

The prior allegations against the Rev. Darrell Gilyard include a previously
undisclosed 1996 settlement by Shiloh Metropolitan Baptist Church. Gilyard came
to the West Beaver Street church in 1993 after resigning a Texas pastorate amid
reports of affairs with church members.

Gilyard, 47, was arrested last year after the mother of a teenage parishioner
told Jacksonville police she found obscene text messages from the pastor on her
daughter's cell phone. He is scheduled for trial May 26 on three felony counts
of lewd and lascivious behavior involving a teenager.

Gilyard and Shiloh were sued in October by a woman who said the pastor used his
counseling relationship with her to convince her to have sex with him after her
husband died. Her lawsuit accuses the church of negligent hiring, supervision
and retention of the pastor, claiming church leaders knew of prior sexual
misconduct.

Seattle-based Safeco Insurance says the amount it should have to pay on her
claim and two others that haven't been filed yet should be limited because
church leaders didn't disclose Gilyard's past when they applied for insurance in
1999. The company asked a federal judge last month to limit its liability for
all sexual misconduct claims combined to $1 million.

"At the time of this application, Shiloh knew about the claims history against
Gilyard, including the claims in Texas and the 1996 claims," the insurer's
lawsuit says.

It adds that Safeco wouldn't have issued the policies had it known of Gilyard's
history or that the church's insurer in 1996 didn't renew its policy after
paying a $300,000 settlement.

Included with the lawsuit are a copy of Shiloh's 1999 insurance application with
a page covering pastoral sexual misconduct. In response to the question, "Any
past or pending claims relating to any form of sexual misconduct?" the answer
"No" is circled. It also says two adults share the supervisory responsibilities
of children at all times.

The church's lawyer didn't return telephone calls, and a deacon who handled
previous media inquiries wouldn't comment Thursday. Gilyard's lawyer has
consistently refused comment on the case and declined Thursday.

Gilyard, a Palatka native, rose quickly to prominence after seminary, pastoring
one of the nation's 10 fastest-growing churches while still in his 20s. He left
that church, Victory Baptist in Texas, amid accusations of sexual impropriety
and came to Shiloh, naming the Rev. Jerry Vines, then pastor of First Baptist
Church, as one of his mentors.

Lawyers for Gilyard's accusers say they will fight the insurance company for
just compensation for their clients.

"They're trying to avoid coverage for the church," said attorney Linnes Finney
of noted personal injury attorney Willie Gary's firm in South Florida. Finney
represents two people, including a minor, who haven't sued but have notified the
church of their sexual misconduct allegations against Gilyard.

Finney said he isn't convinced the church misled its insurer. The bottom line,
he said, is the apparent history of sexual misconduct.

"My heart and my clients' hearts go out to the church parishioners because they
trusted him and they were misled by the church leadership and their senior
pastor," Finney said.

Jacksonville attorney Barry Bobek, who filed the 2008 lawsuit, said damages have
to be established before collection can begin. He said he's hopeful his client's
case can resolve "sooner than later." No trial date has been scheduled.

Details about the 1996 case are sketchy because it was settled confidentially by
the church. Finney said he's learned it involved a young woman who accused
Gilyard of sexually inappropriate behavior shortly after he arrived in
Jacksonville.

Assistant State Attorney Alan Mizrahi, who is prosecuting Gilyard, said the
State Attorney's Office is aware of the incident but not the details. He said
the case isn't central to Gilyard's prosecution.

"We've never identified the victim," Mizrahi said.

paul.pinkham@jacksonville.com, (904)359-4107

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Gilyard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Epidemic of police shootings? FBI director says public needs better data;
Better information on fatal police shootings could promote understanding between
communities that feel targeted by police, and officers who feel public outrage
has unleashed a "war on cops."

BYLINE: Steven Porter Staff

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 669 words


Renewing his support for a nationwide use-of-force database, FBI Director James
Comey defended law enforcement officers Sunday against a narrative that suggests
"biased police are killing black men at epidemic rates."

"It is a narrative driven by video images of real and gut-wrenching misconduct,
by images of possible misconduct, by images of perceived misconduct," Mr. Comey
told a gathering of the International Association of Chiefs of Police in San
Diego. "It's a narrative given force by the awesome power of human empathy."

But it is a narrative that has developed without comprehensive data on deaths
and injuries at the hands of police, meaning Americans do not know for certain
if there has been an increase in police shootings in recent years or if black
people are more likely than white people to be shot during police encounters,
Comey added.

In 2014, independent news organization ProPublica reported that black male
teenagers are 21 times more likely than their white peers to be shot and killed
by police. But the reported analyzed "terribly incomplete" federal data
self-reported by police departments across the country, the organization noted.

Hard data - which the US Department of Justice said last week it would collect
in a pilot program - could better inform public policy debates and promote
understanding between communities that feel targeted by police and officers who
feel that public outrage over recent shooting deaths by officers in North
Carolina, Wisconsin, and elsewhere has unleashed a full-fledged "war on cops."

Daunasia Yancey, a prominent member of the Black Lives Matter movement in
Boston, said last month that Americans should be careful to avoid conflating
public criticism with actual violence.

"I think that this 'war on cops' rhetoric is just another way to protect police
from accountability," Ms. Yancey told NPR.

The National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund reports that 102 officers
have been killed this year in the United States as of Oct. 1, including five
officers killed by a sniper in Dallas. That's an increase of 9 percent over the
same period last year. But the recent uptick is relatively small compared to the
decades-long downward trend in police deaths.

In 2013, there were 109 officers killed - fewer than in any year since 1956,
according to the memorial fund's data. Even with the uptick in officer deaths in
2014 and 2015, when 122 and 123 officers were killed, respectively, the numbers
remained below average compared to the past several decades.

While the aggregate data in no way diminishes the individual loss of life, it
does inform the broader narrative. That lesson cuts both ways, retired New York
police detective Edward Conlon told NPR.

"It's not even half right that cops are at war with black America, and it's not
even half right that there's war on cops, in any big or broad sense," Mr. Conlon
said.

In the absence of a comprehensive national database on police use-of-force
incidents, The Washington Post has tracked the number of people fatally shot by
American police, counting 761 deaths so far this year. The Guardian, based in
the United Kingdom, has counted 849 deaths in American police custody this year.

Comey has said it is unacceptable that the public cannot get that information
from their own government.

"In the absence of information, we have anecdotes, we have videos, we have good
people believing something terrible is happening in this country," Comey said
Sunday, as The Wall Street Journal reported. "In a nation of almost one million
sworn law enforcement officers, and tens of millions of police encounters every
year, a small group of videos serves as proof of an epidemic."

The narrative has forced a wedge between law enforcement and the public, at
times keeping "good officers in their car," Comey added.

The FBI's plans for a revamped data system include tracking the use of stun
guns, pepper spray, and even fists and feet to cause serious injury.

Material from The Associated Press was included in this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 5, 1993, Saturday

REGION IN BRIEF Gays will parade in city, into court

BYLINE: - Compiled by Mike Smith

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 439 words


A gay group in Chattanooga, Tenn., has the parade permit it needs to hold a
march to a city park, but organizers say they will pursue a lawsuit filed after
they were initially turned down.

Lawyer Jay Ku said Friday that Police Chief Ralph Cothran had issued a permit
late Thursday for the June 13 march down McCallie Avenue. "We had no choice,"
said city Safety Administrator Ervin Dinsmore, who is the chief's boss.

The council had offered the Chattanooga Lesbian and Gay Pride Committee a route
along a railroad track. Organizers said they chose McCallie Avenue because it is
a one-way street, there is only one church along the parade route and there is
little traffic on Sundays.

-EX-LAWMAN FACES JAIL: The former elected police chief of Washington, La., was
ordered to jail for 90 days for his conviction on malfeasance charges. Arlen
Deville was convicted in February of hitting a handcuffed prisoner during a
jailhouse argument, scuffling with a man and his mother after the man was
misidentified as a crime suspect, and ordering an officer to lie.

-CONDUCT UNBECOMING: A Navy lawyer based at the Kings Bay submarine base in St.
Marys, Ga., was convicted at a court-martial in Jacksonville, Fla., of adultery,
consentual sodomy, dereliction of duty and conduct unbecoming an officer. Lt.
Keith Manson, 30, was sentenced to 15 months of hard labor and dismissal from
the service. Prosecutors said Manson acted out a fantasy to have sex on a
judge's desk. He was acquitted of raping the woman, a Navy wife. The woman, who
allegedly has multiple personality disorder, was seeking aid to divorce her
husband.

-EXTRA LOAD: Officials at Miami's main airport were stunned when a 13-year-old
Colombian boy fell out of a wheel well of a cargo plane that had just completed
a three-hour flight across the Caribbean Sea from Bogota. Guillermo Rosales was
unconscious and covered with frost when he was found. He was turned over to the
Immigration and Naturalization Service.

ELSEWHERE

Saying it promotes "family values," a Pensacola, Fla., skating rink canceled
reservations that a gay group made for a party. . . . Diet guru Richard Simmons
will work out today at a mall in the so-called Diet Capital of the World,
Durham, N.C. . . . The mother of a murder suspect who hanged himself May 24 in
the Jackson, Miss., jail has filed a $ 75 million wrongful death suit against
city officials, citing their admission that a jailer failed to monitor the man
after he was put on a suicide watch. . . . The Palm Beach, Fla., City Council
approved Donald Trump's plan to convert the historic Mar-a-Lago estate into a
social club.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931680566

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 223 words


Wild places Zidlicky

on injured reserve

ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) - The Minnesota Wild placed defenseman Marek Zidlicky on
injured reserve Wednesday and recalled right wing Cal Clutterbuck from Houston.

Zidlicky was a prize free agent for Minnesota, but he injured his right ankle on
Sept. 26. He did not make the road trip to Atlanta with the team on Tuesday.

The move is retroactive to the injury, so he'll miss at least a week under
league rules.

Clutterbuck played in two games with the Wild last year.

Hollweg gets automatic 3-game suspension

TORONTO (AP) - Toronto Maple Leafs left-winger Ryan Hollweg received an
automatic three-game suspension by the NHL on Wednesday following his fourth
game misconduct.

Hollweg got a game misconduct for a boarding penalty in Monday's 5-4 shootout
loss to the St. Louis Blues. It was Hollweg's fourth game misconduct within 41
games.

If Hollweg gets another game misconduct for boarding, hitting from behind or
certain stick infractions over the next 41 games, he will automatically get a
four-game suspension.

Ken Griffey Jr. has

left knee scoped

CHICAGO (AP) - White Sox outfielder Ken Griffey Jr. had arthroscopic surgery on
his left knee this week.

During Tuesday's operation in Cincinnati, Reds orthopedic physician Dr. Tim
Kremchek repaired partially torn cartilage and meniscus in the troublesome left
knee.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Notre shame Irish ordered to vacate 21 wins over misconduct

BYLINE: Tom Coyne

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 627 words


SOUTH BEND, Ind. - Brian Kelly's worst season at Notre Dame took a embarrassing
turn Tuesday as the NCAA announced that academic misconduct orchestrated by a
student athletic trainer will cost the storied program all 21 victories from the
2012-13 seasons, including the 12-0 run that vaulted the Fighting Irish into the
national championship game against Alabama.

It marked just the fourth time the NCAA has cited Notre Dame for a major rules
violation. The vacated games include Notre Dame's 12-0 record in 2012, their
best regular season since winning their last national championship in 1988. The
season finished with an embarrassing 42-14 loss to the Crimson Tide in the title
game and the revelation that linebacker Manti Te'o had been the victim of a fake
girlfriend hoax.

The school ripped the NCAA for its decision to vacate the wins and immediately
said it would appeal. The Rev. John Jenkins, the university president, said the
NCAA has never before vacated records in such a case.

"We believe that imposition of the vacation of records penalty without serious
underlying institutional misconduct will not primarily punish those responsible
for the misconduct, but rather will punish coaches, student-athletes and indeed
the entire institution who did nothing wrong and, with regard to this case, did
everything right," Jenkins said. He noted the NCAA has since voted to change the
rule that brought this case under NCAA jurisdiction rather than leaving such
decisions to individual schools.

The Division I Committee on Infractions panel also put Notre Dame on probation
for a year and ordered a $5,000 fine, penalties the school agreed with. There
were no bowl or scholarship punishments.

According to the NCAA, the trainer was employed by the athletics department from
fall 2009 through the spring of 2013 and "partially or wholly completed numerous
academic assignments for football student-athletes in numerous courses" from
2011 into 2013. It said she did substantial coursework for two players and gave
impermissible help to six others in 18 courses over two academic years. The NCAA
said the woman "continued to provide impermissible academic benefits to football
student-athletes for a full year after she graduated" and was in her first year
of law school elsewhere.

In all, the NCAA said, three athletes would up playing while ineligible, one
during the 2012 season and the other two the following season, when the Irish
went 9-4.

Kelly said he knew the vacated wins were a possibility since Notre Dame
officials met with the NCAA several months ago. He said he had hoped "reasonable
people would come to a reasonable decision."

"If doing the right thing means that you've got to put an asterisk next to these
games, that's fine with me," he said. "We still beat Oklahoma. We still beat
Wake Forest, we still beat all those teams, so you can put an asterisk next to
it. If that makes you feel better, then that's fine with me."

He said he doesn't believe he has any culpability in the case and has no reason
to believe he won't be back as Notre Dame's coach next season.

"I think you guys are confusing this statement with the win-loss record," said
Kelly, whose struggling team has a 4-7 record ahead of Saturday's game at No. 12
USC. "A win-loss record is always under scrutiny at Notre Dame, and it should
be. That's part of it."

The report doesn't name the players involved, but stems from an investigation
that began in August 2014, when the university suspended defensive lineman Ishaq
Williams, receiver DaVaris Daniels, linebacker Kendall Moore and cornerback
KeiVarae Russell, who weren't allowed to play that season. The school later
benched safety Eilar Hardy, who was allowed to return in midseason.   - AP

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BIG PROBLEM: The NCAA is ordering Notre Dame to vacate wins from its
2012 and 2013 football seasons because a student athletic trainer committed
academic misconduct by doing substantial course work for players. [AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 26, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CONSUMER SATURDAY

BYLINE: By Fred Ferretti

SECTION: Section 1; Page 48, Column 1; Style Desk

LENGTH: 800 words


PEOPLE often feel helpless when

faced with what they consider

to be examples of misconduct on the part of licensed professionals. The New York
State Education Department's Office of Professional Discipline has just
published a brochure that explains steps that can be taken by those who believe
they have been treated unprofessionally.

Entitled ''What Can You Do When They Don't?'' the brochure discusses the Office
of Professional Discipline, which is empowered to enforce standards established
by the State Board of Regents for most licensed professionals. The licensed
professions are medicine, pharmacy, nursing, dentistry, psychology, podiatry,
chiropractic, optometry, veterinary medicine, social work, audiology, speech
pathology, occupational and physical therapy, massage, acupuncture, certified
public accountancy, architecture, engineering, land surveying, landscape
architecture and certified shorthand reporting.

The Office of Professional Discipline has the right to demand that a
professional surrender his license in the case of proven misconduct, the power
to suspend a license and the power to reprimand, with such a reprimand becoming
part of the professional's personal record.

Anyone who believes he has been the victim of unprofessional conduct in fields
other than medicine should write to the Office of Professional Discipline, 622
Third Avenue, 37th floor, New York, N.Y. 10017; 212-557- 2100. There is also a
Professional Misconduct Hotline at 800-442-8106.

The brochure ''What Can You Do When They Don't'' can be obtained, without cost,
by writing the Office of Professional Discipline or by telephoning that office
or the Professional Misconduct Hotline. Also available are complaint forms on
which all of the details of alleged misconduct can be entered.

For complaints about physicians, physicians' assistants and specialists'
assistants, write or call the State Department of Health's Office of
Professional Medical Conduct, Empire State Plaza, Corning Tower Building,
Albany, N.Y. 12237; 518-474-8357.

IN the bustle of the holiday season

pets are often forgotten, occasionally neglected or mistreated, and given as
gifts without adequate preparation, according to the American Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. To combat such problems, the society has
issued some suggestions on the care and feeding of pets during this period.

It cautions that pets should not be given as gifts without adequate preparation
of the new pet owners. The care required by a pet involves what the society
calls a ''10- to 15- year commitment that should not be thrust upon anyone by
surprise.'' Often, it points out, the animal ends up in a humane society cage.

The society notes that holiday festivities and crowds frighten many animals,
particularly if they are not used to their surroundings or are young or
hyperactive. So a quiet place for the animal should be provided. Further, the
society says, animals should not be stuffed with leftover holiday food, because
sudden changes in diet can cause illness or discomfort.

The society points out that a pet should not be allowed to eat chicken bones or
foil that has become coated with cooking juices. The pet could choke on a bone,
and gastrointestinal problems could occur if foil is eaten. Christmas ornaments
are also dangerous for similar reasons.

The telephone number of your veterinarian and a local poison-control center
should be on hand. For further information, telephone the A.S.P.C.A. at
876-7700.

OTHER aspects of urban life can

also make this a difficult time of the year for pets, according to Dr. Michael
Garvey, chairman of the departments of medicine and surgery of the Animal
Medical Center in Manhattan.

Dr. Garvey says one of the dangerous substances a pet can encounter is
automobile antifreeze. Its active ingredient is ethylene glycol, which is fatal
to dogs and cats. Unfortunately its taste is attractive to pets, and once
ingested, treatment is usually unsuccessful. He says antifreeze should be kept
in airtight containers, and pet owners should be alert to puddles of
yellow-green or blue liquid, typical colors for antifreeze.

Pets can also be made ill if they eat rock salt, which is often used to melt
snow and ice on sidewalks and roadways, and the substance can irritate the
animals' feet, Dr. Garvey says.

Exposure to cold can harm pets as well, particularly small animals, he says, and
if a dog is to be kept out of the house, a draft-proof shelter should be
provided.

Dr. Garvey says that if these suggestions are followed, ''your pet should enjoy
a healthy winter season.'' But if there is a problem, the nonprofit Animal
Medical Center, 510 East 62d Street, 838-8100, is open 24 hours a day, 365 days
a year and is equipped for emergency medical services.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            January 10 1988, Sunday

Architect to face charges of misconduct

BYLINE: PETER SHERLOCK, Northern Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 8527.

LENGTH: 626 words


The city architect of Liverpool, suspended after his arrest in the biggest fraud
investigation ever conducted on Merseyside, is likely to be sacked for alleged
gross professional misconduct, whatever the outcome of police inquiries.

James Robb, Liverpool city architect since 1980, has been ordered back to
England from California to answer the council's disciplinary charges against him
later this month. As the Pounds 28,000-a-year head of the architect's
department, Robb spearheaded the building programme organised by the
Militant-dominated city council in the early 1980s.


The council's allegations centre on the drawing of plans for a gym extension to
Woolton Labour Club, a favourite haunt for former leading Militant councillors,
including Derek Hatton, the deputy leader of the council, who was banned from
office last year for failing to set a rate.

It is alleged that Robb, 55, ordered a member of staff in his department to draw
up the plan when he should have been working for the council. It is also claimed
that Robb paid for the plan to be submitted to the council for planning
permission.

These allegations are included in a confidential report drawn up by Michael
Reddington, Liverpool council's chief executive. A disciplinary hearing has been
set for January 25. If the club allegation is proved, Robb is almost certain to
be dismissed.

Meanwhile, police investigations into Robb and other Liverpool coundil figures
are continuing. Charges arising from the inquiry are expected to be brought
soon.

Police are particularly interested in an alleged relationship between council
employees including Robb and one of Liverpool's biggest building firms, Fleet.

The day before Labour councillors were banned from office by the House of Lords
for failing to set a rate, seven contracts worth more than Pounds 4.6m were
awarded to Fleet.

In the biggest operation yet mounted by Merseyside Fraud Squad, a 60-strong team
of officers raided 12 premises in Merseyside and Chester last May.

So much paperwork was seized that extra vans had to be hired and a top
accountant was assigned to the team to search for evidence.

Robb was arrested in the operation when he arrived for work at his office in
Liverpool. Later, detectives visited a house once occupied by Robb and examined
double-glazing timber conservatory, Yorkshire paving and painting work.

He was questioned for a day and then released. Soon after, with police consent,
he flew to California to join his American-born wife Janet and young son Walter.

Last week, The Sunday Times traced Robb to the fasionable suburb of San Mateo,
near San Francisco. 'I will be returning to England on January 25 to answer the
charges,' he said. 'I did order the plan to be drawn. I didn't do anything
criminal or illegal, or against council orders.'

It is not the first time Liverpool council and Militant have been at the centre
of police investigations.

In 1985, police investigated how planning permission was granted for a Pounds
10m Asda superstore development in the Speke area of the city.

Hatton was at the centre of that controversy when he and Tony Beyga, publicity
boss for the developers, Merseypride, and a councillor in neighbouring Knowsley,
enjoyed a winter holiday in a four-star hotel in Tangier. Hatton insisted the
Asda development was never discussed.

A file on the affair was sent to the Director of Public Prosecutions who decided
to take no action.

Police were called in again in February last year when a businessman claimed he
was asked to pay Pounds 2,500 bribe to a Labour councillor to 'smooth the way'
for his planning application. The name of the councillor was never revealed and
no charges were brought.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 25, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Dropped Charges Don't Hide Police Misconduct

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 284 words



To the Editor:

"Disrespect as Catalyst for Brutality" (front page, Nov. 19), on alleged
brutality by New York City police, leaves the impression that when a district
attorney's office declines to prosecute a given case, it indicates misconduct or
a bad arrest by the department.

In fact, such a refusal to prosecute may stem from a variety of things.

If the department presents a case in which an assistant district attorney feels
there is no hope of winning a conviction, he will decline to prosecute.
"Probable cause" is the level of proof necessary to make a legal arrest, while
"beyond a reasonable doubt" is the more stringent level necessary for a
conviction.

There is a basic problem with the way New York City handles civilian complaints
of misconduct.

The majority of civilians who make the allegation have been subdued, arrested,
issued a summons or simply yelled at. It is often difficult to tell if the
complaint is made out of a desire for revenge or if it is legitimate.

Many complaints against an officer may be reason to believe he is prone to
misconduct, yet it could also indicate that he is an active officer, has made
numerous arrests and polices his post with care.

Nor is settling a complaint out of court an indication of police misconduct. The
Corporation Counsel's office, which represents the city and the police in civil
cases, runs on a budget, not pure principle. If the Corporation Counsel believes
there is a chance of losing a suit because of an unsympathetic jury or that a
suit will require a disproportionate amount of lawyers' time, it will settle.

LUCAS MILLER
New York, Nov. 19, 1997

The writer is a New York City police detective.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                          January 18, 2017  Wednesday

How Hard Is It for a University to Revoke a Ph.D.?

BYLINE: Tom Hesse

SECTION: GRADUATE STUDENTS; Faculty

LENGTH: 1155  words

ABSTRACT

The case of a Trump aide who bowed out of a White House post after reports that
she had plagiarized parts of her dissertation raises questions about what
actions an institution can take.

FULL TEXT

[[photo id="80076" crop="landscape_850x566" align="center" size="full-width"
class=""]] Monica Crowley backed out of a job in the Donald J. Trump
administration this week following reports that she had plagiarized parts of her
dissertation. But whether her Columbia University Ph.D. could be in jeopardy is
another matter.

The conservative commentator and aide to the president-elect was found in a
report last week to have plagiarized more than 50 pages of her 2012 book,
leading its publisher to halt sales. Days later, another report showed similar
instances of plagiarism in her 2000 Ph.D. dissertation at Columbia, prompting
questions about how the university would respond. In a statement last week to
The Chronicle, Columbia suggested a review was possible but did not provide
details on what's next.

Cases of Ph.D. revocation are rare. Pennsylvania State University stripped a
graduate's Ph.D. last year because of plagiarism, marking only the third such
instance in its history, according to Candice Yekel, associate vice president
for research at Penn State. Last fall the University of Colorado at Boulder took
away a degree because of falsification of research data. At the time a
university spokesman said it was the first such instance anyone knew of at the
institution.

In one high-profile case, a former U.S. senator from Montana, John E. Walsh, had
his master's degree from the U.S. Army War College stripped in 2014 because of
plagiarism discovered in his thesis.

Ms. Crowley did not cite the plagiarism allegations in a statement to reporters,
instead pointing to other employment opportunities as her reason for not taking
the job as director of strategic communications for the White House's National
Security Council. Ms. Crowley earned three degrees from Columbia, including her
Ph.D. from the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences in 2000, according to a
university spokesman Robert Hornsby.

If Columbia acts on the allegations against Ms. Crowley, it could be a while
before any punishments are handed out. Cases of academic and research misconduct
are handled differently, depending on the institution and the alleged violation.


Detecting Misconduct

Academic-integrity accusations, like the one against Ms. Crowley, are more
likely to vary from institution to institution, said Tricia Bertram Gallant, an
official at the International Center for Academic Integrity. Ms. Bertram
Gallant, who is also the academic-integrity officer at the University of
California at San Diego, said cases of reported misconduct are few.

[[relatedcontent align="left" size="half-width"]] "A general rule of thumb is
less than 1 percent of students are reported for misconduct," she said.

But continuing surveys by the center suggest that as many as 30 percent of
students worldwide admit to having committed some sort of plagiarism, Ms.
Bertram Gallant said. "And it's important to keep in mind these numbers are
self-reported, so they may be low," she added.

Academic misconduct often is associated more with undergraduate programs. It's
rare, she said, to see problems with dissertations because the process is
already so intensive, with close collaboration with an adviser and oversight by
a dissertation committee.

"Really with the Ph.D. process, you have a committee and you should have
multiple drafts that are being reviewed by the committee. Theoretically, the
plagiarism should be caught way before the Ph.D. has ever been granted," Ms.
Bertram Gallant said. And plagiarism-detection software such as Turnitin has
made it even more likely that misconduct will be spotted early.

"Depending on how long ago the person did the dissertation, if it was
pre-Turnitin days, it was a little bit harder to review everything," Ms. Bertram
Gallant said. "If any Ph.D. program is accepting papers without running them
through Turnitin or another one of these plagiarism-detection softwares, then
they're doing themselves a disservice."

Why It Matters

More intensive and more structured review policies tend to cover research
misconduct, like the case last year at Penn State. Ms. Yekel said that any
investigation of research misconduct, whether or not it results in the
revocation of a degree, takes a long time.

[[pullquote quote="It is a lengthy process. There is sufficient due process
built into the entire process from allegation to decision." align="right"
size="half-width" inQuotes="yes"]] "It is a lengthy process. There is sufficient
due process built into the entire process from allegation to decision to allow
people to exchange information," Ms. Yekel said.

As the university's research-integrity officer, Ms. Yekel said she's among the
first to know of any allegations of research misconduct. The process for
reviewing claims of plagiarism or any other research violation can take months,
she said, and involve more than a dozen people. She is also the first to review
any allegation, which can be submitted anonymously to her office. She then
decides whether it's worth pursuing.

If it is, the process moves to an inquiry stage, then an investigation, and a
review of a report by the vice president for research.

But, Ms. Yekel said, few claims make it all the way to investigation.

"You can imagine we get a half a dozen to a dozen allegations a year. Not all of
them go to investigation, some of them don't meet the definition of research
misconduct, or just aren't credible, but we have a couple a year that do," she
said.

In the 2016 case, it took more than a year from the time of the initial
allegation to the announcement of the decision, at a meeting of Penn State's
Graduate Council.

[[pullquote quote="People don't see plagiarism in a Ph.D. as impacting them."
align="left" size="half-width" inQuotes="yes"]] Ms. Bertram Gallant said another
factor complicating the work of upholding research integrity is that plagiarism
isn't taken seriously enough because it's hard to explain why it should matter.

"People don't see plagiarism in a Ph.D. as impacting them," she said. "It does
have this impact, but I think people can't see that. Because there's no physical
harm, people can easily downgrade the impact of the problem."

"There's a lot of people that don't even write their own dissertations," she
said. "They pay somebody else to write their dissertations. It's way more common
than I think we might hear, and if the public is really interested in this, they
need to understand that it's more commonplace than we think."

Correction (1/18/2017, 10:57 a.m.): A previous version of this article
incorrectly stated that a recent instance of a Ph.D. revocation at Pennsylvania
State University was the second such instance in the institution's history. It
was the third. The article has been updated to reflect this correction.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Monica Crowley last month in the lobby of Trump Tower, in New York.
After plagiarism was alleged in her dissertation and in a 2012 book, she bowed
out of a White House job. But it's unclear if Columbia U., which awarded her a
Ph.D., will take any action.
Evan Vucci, AP Images
How Hard Is It for a University to Revoke a Ph.D.? 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2017 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Greensburg Daily News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 28, 2012 Friday

Man arrested on sexual misconduct charges

BYLINE: Brent Brown, Greensburg Daily News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


Sept. 28--GREENSBURG -- A California man was arrested early Thursday following
the issuance of an arrest warrant pertaining to allegations of sexual misconduct
with a minor.

According to charging information filed Sept. 11 in the Decatur Circuit Court,
Michael Lee Cerda, 33, has been formally charged with sexual misconduct with a
minor, a class "C" felony.

Charging information states Cerda is alleged to have "touched and rubbed the
buttocks and kissed the face" of a 14-year-old female. The location at which
these acts were alleged to have occurred was not disclosed.

An Order Determining Probable Cause for Arrest filed Sept. 11 states an arrest
warrant for Cerda was issued that day.

Authorities took the suspect into custody in the early morning hours of Thursday
and he was booked into the Decatur County Jail.

Initially held without bond, Cerda appeared in court with his defense counsel
Thursday and entered a plea of not guilty.

The court then set bond in the amount of $1,000 which was later posted by the
defendant. Cerda's trial has been set for 9 a.m. Feb. 4, 2013.

Prosecutor Jim Rosenberry submitted evidence to the court Sept. 11, which led to
the issuance of the arrest warrant.

Due to the nature of the case, no further details are expected to be disclosed.

Cerda will be defended by Ross Thomas, an attorney from Indianapolis.

Contact: Brent Brown 812-663-3111 x7056

___ (c)2012 the Greensburg Daily News (Greensburg, Ind.) Visit the Greensburg
Daily News (Greensburg, Ind.) at www.greensburgdailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120928-GD-Man-arrested-on-sexual-misconduct-charges-0928-20120928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GD


                      Copyright 2012 Greensburg Daily News


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 23, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

Churches reel over sexual misconduct by the clergy

SOURCE: Hartford Courant

BYLINE: GERALD RENNER

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 878 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



Religious groups have been rocked in recent years by multimillion-dollar
judgments for sexual misconduct by clergy and other behavior found to be
outrageous or negligent.

    "There is no question that sexual misconduct as related to clergy is a hot
issue," said Stephen F. English, a Portland, Ore., lawyer.

    English was a co-chairman of the American Bar Association's second annual
national institute on tort and religion, held in Boston earlier this month.

    The institute brought together 100 lawyers involved in suing, defending or
counseling churches, as well as law professors, insurance executives and clergy.


    In a few lawsuits, awards have been so high that churches have gone
bankrupt. Premiums for clergy malpractice insurance are climbing to a point
where some analysts see a threat to traditional church missions.

    Lawsuits have mushroomed so fast that a new specialty has arisen within the
legal profession: lawyers expert in religion and tort law.

    Tort is a legal term meaning a wrongful act, injury or damage for which
damages can be sought.  t t    "We are not here to explore the use of tort law
as a weapon but to explore the latest developments in the law," Leonard Ring,
chairman of the association's section on tort and insurance practice, told the
group.

    A different view was offered by the Rev. Bernard J. Bush, a psychotherapist
from Montville, Conn., who counsels emotionally disturbed priests.

    When he told fellow priests where he was going, he said they responded, "Oh,
you are going swimming with the sharks?"

    "This conference on tort and religion is very frightening to them," he said.


    "The Our Father says, "Forgive us our trespasses,' and that means forgive
even the child abuser, but when tort law takes over it's forgive us our sins but
sue the hell out of the trespassers."

    Lawyers, he said, often advise church leaders not to deal compassionately
with the victims of sexual misconduct by offering to help them because such a
step might be used as admission of guilt by the church.

    The Roman Catholic Church is trying to address the problem by screening
priests more carefully, counseling them better and taking action immediately
when misconduct charges are raised, he said.

    "The church is ashamed. I am ashamed" of these misconduct cases, said Bush,
who advises bishops on how to set up response  teams when charges surface.

    The misconduct can be with children or adults. Besides child molestation,
other common cases involve women who seek counsel from a clergyman and succumb
to his sexual advances.

    As authority figures, clergymen, like psychiatrists and other professional
counselors, are held accountable in law.

    John F. Cleary said that when he went to work in 1975 as general counsel for
the Church Mutual Insurance Company of Merrill, Wis., civil suits for sexual
misconduct were non-existent. The rare action that was taken was usually a
criminal prosecution, he said.

    "Today the number of credible sexual abuse and misconduct cases is
astounding," Cleary said.

    He said that his company, which insures 46,000 churches, mainly Protestant,
has handled 200 sexual abuse lawsuits in the past several years,.

    "We've had numerous cases of sexual misconduct in which the local church has
tried to cover it up or handle it themselves," he said, instead of seeking
expert help.

    Cleary said, "The very existence of these churches and the services they
provide may be threatened by the resulting legal liability that has been found
to exist by the courts of the various states."

    "Does this sound extreme? When was the last time you saw a high dive at a
public swimming pool?" said Cleary, noting that cities and towns often remove
them for fear of lawsuits.

    Lawyers say that the reason some of the awards have been so large is because
juries are incensed when they find churches have tried to cover up misconduct or
failed to respond to initial complaints.

    "Church liability mushrooms exponentially when there is knowledge of the
abuse," said Jeffrey R. Anderson, a St. Paul, Minn., lawyer who handles only
sexual abuse cases.

    He said that he is keeping track of cases involving priests, ministers and
rabbis in 40 states, not all his cases.

    "The churches have been slow in responding to the misconduct in their
midst," Anderson said. He said he is handling cases now that go as far back as
the 1950s.

    The victim often feels so much shame and guilt that he or she represses the
memory of the abuse for many years, Anderson said.  Because of the delayed
reaction, he said, he is often able to persuade courts to throw out the statute
of limitations when considering such cases.

    Anderson said the churches will no longer be able to hide behind the
constitutional protection of the first amendment of the Bill of Rights to avoid
lawsuits.

    "The floodgates are open as far as I am concerned with sexual misconduct,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 28, 2016 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Police misconduct here? It's a secret.

BYLINE: Jeffrey D. Stein

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 935 words


Jeffrey D. Stein is a public defender in the District.

This month, the Justice Department released a report confirming what Baltimore
residents have long known: The city's police department suffers from rampant
racial bias. But the problem of police misconduct is not limited to Baltimore or
the nearly two dozen other cities under investigation by the Justice Department.
The nationwide epidemic persists, in large part, because of laws and policies
that screen police misconduct from public view.

For an example of how jurisdictions across the country obstruct public access to
misconduct information, the Justice Department need look no further than the
District, where I work as a public defender. In Washington, police misconduct
files are kept secret by the D.C. police department and the Office of Police
Complaints (OPC), an entity charged with investigating certain types of
misconduct.

The OPC is required by statute to be independent of the police department, yet
like many police oversight bodies, its objectivity is questionable at best; of
the 526 complaints closed in fiscal 2015, only eight resulted in sustained
findings of misconduct. Although the OPC publishes its final decisions online,
it redacts officers' names so there is no meaningful way to monitor individual
officers.

The OPC also will not disclose officer misconduct information in response to
Freedom of Information Act requests, citing officers' privacy interests.
Likewise, the Metropolitan Police Department does not disclose information
related to misconduct - whether investigated internally or by the OPC - to the
public at all. While officers are certainly entitled to privacy in their
personal lives, their uniquely powerful and public professional role means that
community members have a special interest in knowing when they break the rules.
Keeping misconduct secret shields officers' misbehavior from public scrutiny and
enables unscrupulous officers to continue operating without accountability to
the communities they serve.

The nation's capital is not alone. According to a review by the New York public
radio station WNYC, in 23 states, police-misconduct information is effectively
confidential. In 15 states, misconduct information is mostly kept from the
public except under certain circumstances - for instance, in cases involving
particularly severe disciplinary actions such as suspension or termination. That
leaves just 12 states in which police disciplinary information is generally
available to the public. When legislators in restrictive states try to implement
more common-sense disclosure policies, they face fierce opposition from the
law-enforcement lobby. Just last May in California, police unions joined forces
with prosecutors to defeat a bill that would have made those records public.

In criminal cases, access to misconduct information is critical - and
constitutionally mandated - so that jurors can make informed decisions about the
credibility of testifying officers and their investigations. These materials are
all the more essential in the countless gun, drug and assault-on-police-officer
cases in which officers are the only witnesses. In those cases, the phenomenon
of "testilying" - lawyer speak for police perjury on topics such as whether a
defendant resisted arrest, tossed a gun or bag of drugs before officers found
one on the ground, or made an unrecorded confession - is not uncommon.

Unfortunately, even well-meaning prosecutors often fail to make accurate
disclosures about officer witnesses because of reliance on error-ridden internal
databases. I have seen complaints mistakenly labeled as not sustained (and
therefore not disclosed to the defense) that defense investigation later
revealed had been sustained, and egregious conduct miscategorized as minor. In
one case, I did not learn until months after a trial that the lead detective in
the case had been previously found by a judge to have lied under oath. Even
then, my discovery was accidental in an unrelated case - not through any
disclosure by the prosecutor. If documentation of the officer's lying under oath
had been public, I could have found and examined it myself prior to trial
instead of relying blindly on a prosecutor's search of an unverifiable and
faulty internal database.

When it comes to police misconduct, transparency serves the interest of everyone
- not just wrongfully accused defendants who could use the information to rebut
the testimony of untruthful officers. It benefits the many officers who do their
jobs correctly, as they gain community members' trust and cooperation without
having their reputation spoiled by the bad apples. It benefits police
departments that can more easily spot officers with troubled track records -
such as the Chicago police officer who killed Laquan McDonald - and remove them
before they make unerasable mistakes. It benefits prosecutors whose duty, as the
American Bar Association Model Code of Professional Responsibility states, "is
to seek justice, not merely to convict." Most important, it benefits communities
by empowering them to police their police.

The problems documented by the Justice Department in Baltimore are extreme but
not isolated. When police misconduct is properly monitored and made public,
rather than guarded by opaque administrative bodies and broken internal tracking
systems, policing practices change for the better. Communities become safer.
Prosecutions become more honest. And, as civilians, we become able to trust
those enforcing the laws to protect us, rather than worrying about whether we
need to be protected from them.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

BRIEF: Arizona man pleads guilty to sexual misconduct

BYLINE: Rebecca R. Bibbs, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words


June 08--ANDERSON -- A Phoenix, Arizona, man agreed to plead guilty Monday to
sexual misconduct for climbing through the window of a teenager's house to have
sex with her.

Angel L. Esparza, 22, was charged in May 2015 with Class C felony sexual
misconduct with a minor. Under the plea agreement into which he entered, Esparza
faces a maximum of two years in prison.

He is scheduled to be sentenced at 1:30 p.m. July 5 in Madison Circuit Court 6.

Story continues below video

Esparza admitted to sneaking into the window of a 15-year-old girl when he was
20 years old.

"The mother of the victim was unaware of the defendant's presence inside the
home at the time," Madison County Deputy Prosecutor Daniel Kopp said.

Esparza remains at the Madison County Jail.

Follow Rebecca R. Bibbs on Twitter at @RebeccaB_THB, or call 640-4883.

___ (c)2016 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160608-HU-BRF-Arizona-man-pleads-guilty-to-sexual-misconduct
-0608-20160608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2016 The Herald Bulletin


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 12, 2007 Thursday

Legal misconduct not rare, experts say

BYLINE: By Fredric N. Tulsky MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 530 words


LOS ANGELES -- At a daylong hearing probing the roles that prosecutorial and
defense misconduct play in wrongful convictions, a parade of attorneys and legal
experts told a statewide commission that both problems are pervasive and that
more must be done to address them.

For prosecutors, the commission heard Wednesday, the misconduct often involves
withholding evidence from defendants or giving improper closing arguments to
juries. For defense attorneys, the failures often involve poorly investigated
cases -- a problem tied to inadequate spending.

And neither is likely to face any public repercussions when they do commit such
errors.

"What gets squashed is the truth," said professor Laurence Benner of the
California Western School of Law, who called the combination of withheld
evidence and poorly funded defense attorneys the "vice of our criminal justice
system."

But some district attorneys who attended the hearing of the California
Commission for the Fair Administration of Justice were concerned that the panel
would craft misguided new rules to try to address misconduct.

Speaking between sessions of the hearing, where she also testified, Santa Clara
County District Attorney Dolores Carr reiterated her plans to eliminate, as much
as possible, prosecutorial misconduct.

"Our office is working to stay ahead of the curve," Carr said.

The hearing, focused statewide, mirrored findings in the Mercury News' "Tainted
Trials, Stolen Justice" series, which found questionable conduct by prosecutors
and defense lawyers in Santa Clara County increased the small but significant
risk of wrongful convictions.

The commission, led by former state Attorney General John Van De Kamp, is
considering a range of steps to address the problems: more rigorous reporting of
prosecutorial misconduct, more training on prosecutors' duty to promptly turn
over potentially helpful defense evidence and addressing inadequate funding for
defense work in many counties.

Among the other statements Wednesday that drew concerns was a statement that the
statewide district attorneys association had discouraged attorneys from
cooperating with law professors who were doing research for the commission.

Meanwhile, the commission heard testimony that one weapon against misconduct --
aggressive punishment of errant prosecutors and defense attorneys -- has been
lacking.

Kathleen Ridolfi, a commission member and the director of the Northern
California Innocence Project, told the commission that her study of
prosecutorial misconduct in California identified 347 prosecutors who had
engaged in misconduct during a 10-year period, but only one had been publicly
disciplined for it..

Scott Drexel, chief trial counsel of the state bar, told the commission that
many judges do not report instances in which they witness apparent misconduct.
But even if they did, Drexel said, his agency is limited by a high standard of
proof required to warrant discipline. "Only in the most egregious cases would we
go forward," he said.

Commission members also heard testimony that an increasing number of counties
are turning over the representation of impoverished defendants to firms willing
to do the work inexpensively.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Greensburg Daily News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

St. Paul man faces sexual misconduct charges

BYLINE: Brent Brown, Greensburg Daily News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 359 words


Dec. 04--GREENSBURG -- A St. Paul man was arrested Monday on charges of sexual
misconduct with a minor after being discovered by police in North Carolina.

According to an Affidavit of Probable Cause filed Sept. 27 in Decatur Circuit
Court, Roy Daniel Yeager, 45, became the subject of an investigation by the
Indiana State Police due to an alleged inappropriate incident with a 15-year-old
girl.

Charging Information filed the same day states Yeager kissed and inappropriately
touched the girl "during a period of time from Dec. 1, 2011 to April 1, 2012."
The incident is alleged to have occurred at Yeager's residence at some point
during that time period.

The charge of Sexual Misconduct with a Minor is a Class "B" Felony.

Yeager was arrested Monday by the Decatur County Sheriff's Department following
issuance of a bench warrant for his arrest.

The warrant was issued in late September, but authorities were initially unable
to locate the suspect.

According to information from Decatur County Sheriff Greg Allen, an ISP
Detective investigating the case worked with authorities in Brunswick County,
N.C., finally discovering Yeager's location.

The Sheriff said the suspect waived extradition back to Indiana and was taken
into custody by Special Deputy Dustin Barkdull and DCSD Lt. Rick Underhill over
the weekend.

Yeager's arrest is one of several in which the Decatur County Sheriff's
Department has crisscrossed the country in order to bring back individuals
facing serious charges.

Previously, deputies have traveled to Florida, Texas and Connecticut to acquire
suspects facing charges in Decatur County.

The Sheriff warned that attempting to evade law enforcement is a fruitless
endeavor.

"You'd better be looking over your shoulder," said the Sheriff. "Because
somebody's gonna come knocking."

Yeager remained incarcerated in the Decatur County Jail at press time Tuesday. A
cash bond in the amount of $10,005 was set for the suspect Monday.

Contact: Brent Brown 812-663-3111 x7056

___ (c)2012 the Greensburg Daily News (Greensburg, Ind.) Visit the Greensburg
Daily News (Greensburg, Ind.) at www.greensburgdailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121204-GD-St-Paul-man-faces-sexual-misconduct-charges-1204-20121204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GD


                      Copyright 2012 Greensburg Daily News


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      May 9, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

L.A. Faces Federal Suit Over Police Misconduct; Filing May Be Delayed to Allow
Talks

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, May 8


The Justice Department stands ready to file a police misconduct lawsuit against
the city of Los Angeles, U.S. officials said today, but will give city
authorities time to try to work out a voluntary settlement instead.

Bill Lann Lee, acting assistant attorney general for the department's civil
rights division, met with officials for more than an hour, then issued a
statement outlining the federal government's position.

"Today we notified officials of the city of Los Angeles, the Police Commission
and the LAPD that the civil rights division has been authorized to file a police
misconduct lawsuit," Lee's statement said.

"This suit would allege that the LAPD has engaged in a pattern or practice of
constitutional violations through excessive force, false arrests, and
unreasonable searches and seizures, and that management deficiencies have
allowed this misconduct to occur."

Although the Justice Department concluded that "these types of misconducts occur
on a regular basis," Lee added that the majority of Los Angeles Police
Department officers are "ethical, hardworking and responsible."

He said the Justice Department is willing to defer filing the lawsuit to allow
further talks aimed at reaching a settlement--a normal procedure in such an
action.

"The city has accepted our offer to begin discussions toward a resolution of
this issue and has agreed to schedule a meeting next week," he said.

Lee said the talks will not interfere with continuing criminal investigations by
the Justice Department into whether individual LAPD officers violated federal
laws.

In a statement, Police Commission President Gerald Chaleff said, "We share the
same goal, which is to make certain that the Los Angeles Police Department is
performing its duties professionally and ethically and that proper management
oversight is in place."

Government officials have said any settlement of their four-year probe into
alleged discriminatory practices by the LAPD would involve revisions in police
training and procedures.


LOAD-DATE: May 09, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 4, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

PRO HOCKEY;
Fletcher receives 6-game suspension

BYLINE: Denise N. Maloof; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 07D

LENGTH: 297 words


The Knights will be without forwards Steve Fletcher and Christian Campeau when
they play the Michigan K-Wings Friday and Saturday at the Omni.

Fletcher was suspended for six games and fined $ 300 by the IHL for his role in
a fight last week against the Houston Aeros. Campeau will miss two weeks because
of a concussion he suffered in last Friday's loss at Detroit.

To replace Campeau, the Knights signed Nashville forward Colin Ward to a 25-game
tryout contract. Ward had 24 goals and 22 assists in 28 games with Atlanta's
ECHL affiliate. Also on Wednesday, the Tampa Bay Lightning sent rookie
defenseman Alexandre LaPorte down to Nashville from Atlanta.

The league's active leader in career penalty minutes, Fletcher will also miss a
Jan. 16 home game against Orlando and a Jan. 24 road game against Houston. The
suspension includes two games at Detroit last weekend. Fletcher will be
available to play against Peoria Jan. 19 and San Francisco Jan. 21, both at the
Omni.

IHL vice president Thomas Berry announced the suspension Wednesday after viewing
videotape of the incident, which occurred in the third period of Atlanta's 4-1
win over Houston at the Omni. Fletcher received two 10-minute game misconducts,
two minutes for roughing and five minutes for fighting in front of the Houston
bench.

One-game suspensions are mandatory when a player receives his third game
misconduct. Two-game suspensions are the price of a fourth game misconduct. Last
week's misconducts were Fletcher's third and fourth this season. He incurred his
first two as a member of the Fort Wayne Komets.

Michigan is 17-10-10 for 44 points and second in the Eastern Conference's North
Division behind Cincinnati. Atlanta is 17-20-3 for 37 points and fourth in the
Central Division.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: Knights vs. K-Wings
 > When: Friday and Saturday, 7:30 p.m.
 > Where: The Omni
 > TV/radio: SportSouth (Friday only); 102.3 FM and 96.7 FM
 Photo: Mug of Christian Campeau, Knights' forward
 Photo: Mug of Steve Fletcher, Knights' forward.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        June 10, 2016 Friday 7:35 PM GMT

Oakland police chief resigns following multiple officer misconduct cases;
Misconduct cases include a high-profile sex scandal Departure follows that of
San Francisco police chief less than a month ago

BYLINE: Sam Levin in Oakland, California

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words


The police chief in Oakland, California, has resigned following multiple officer
misconduct cases, including a high-profile sex scandal, making him the latest
top cop of a major US city to step down in the face of growing backlash.

Related:  'Corrupt in its roots': as Oakland police scandals pile up, residents
not surprised

Less than a month after the forced resignation of the San Francisco police
chief, the city of Oakland abruptly announced the departure of chief Sean Whent
saying the decision was a "personal choice". However his resignation came
several weeks after allegations surfaced of sexual misconduct by numerous
officers.

The resignation of Whent - who's department has also faced allegations that an
officer may have gotten away with murder - comes after the police chief in San
Francisco, Greg Suhr, stepped down in the wake of multiple fatal shooting
controversies and a widening scandal involving racist and homophobic messages by
officers.

The resignations of the chiefs of two of the largest cities in California are
the latest in a string of police chiefs losing their jobs in metropolitan police
departments.

Anthony Batts, former head of the Oakland police department, was fired as
Baltimore police chief following the death of Freddie Gray in police custody.
Chicago police chief Garry McCarthy was fired after video emerged of the
shooting of Laquan McDonald. Thomas Jackson, police chief of Ferguson, Missouri
stepped down on the heels of a federal investigation of racial bias. And the
Portland, Oregon police chief was recently placed on leave in the wake of
allegations that he lied about an accidental shooting.

In Oakland, which presidential candidate Donald Trump recently declared one of
the " most dangerous " places in the world, scandals have piled up in recent
months.

In one case, an Oakland officer was charged with battery, trespassing and public
intoxication after he allegedly showed up intoxicated to a stranger's house and
assaulted her. The victim has raised questions about whether the department
subsequently tried to cover up the scandal.

Another officer faced charges this year after he allegedly pulled a gun on a
painter while off-duty.

In May, news broke that Oakland officer Brendan O'Brien may have killed his wife
in 2014 in a death police had said was a suicide. A coroner, however, said the
death was "suspicious", and two bullets were fired from O'Brien's gun.

O'Brien later killed himself and allegedly left a suicide note that launched an
investigation into accusations of sexual misconduct - a case that led four
officers to be placed on leave, with two ultimately resigning.

At a hastily planned press conference Friday morning at city hall in Oakland,
mayor Libby Schaaf repeatedly claimed that Whent made the choice to step down.

"The chief's resignation was a personal decision, and I respect it tremendously.
This is an incredibly difficult job."

Asked if his resignation was related to the recent scandals, the mayor responded
that Whent was not the subject of the sexual misconduct investigations, adding,
"I'm extremely angry about the alleged misconduct in this department and ... we
will hold anyone who has engaged in misconduct in this department fully
accountable."

Oakland has a long history of controversial policing, and the department is
currently under court oversight stemming from a 2000 federal lawsuit surrounding
an infamous group of cops who allegedly planted evidence on black residents,
brutalized suspects and falsified records.

Critics of the department have continued to speak out about racial profiling and
questionable police shootings, and with Oakland rapidly gentrifying in recent
years, activists have increasingly raised concerns about police mistreatment of
people of color.

In a statement Thursday night, Whent did not address the recent scandals,
saying, "I vowed to help move the department forward and make Oakland safer by
forging a stronger relationship with members of this diverse community. I am
proud to have done that."

Whent had not faced the kind of intense pressure to step down that Suhr was up
against in San Francisco, and the Oakland chief's sudden resignation came as a
surprise to some in the city. Both cities will now be engaged in simultaneous
searches for new permanent chiefs.

In an interview with the Guardian last month, Whent defended his department's
handling of the misconduct cases, saying the agency was holding offenders
accountable.

"I'm very certain we're not sending a message that it's tolerated. I don't put
up with it," he said at the time. Whent also said that the department has made
significant strides since the 2000 lawsuit and slammed Trump for criticizing the
city. "It's reckless in that it's picking on Oakland for a reputation it really
doesn't deserve."

At the news conference, Schaaf was joined by Ben Fairow, who has stepped up as
interim chief and comes from the Bay Area Rapid Transit police department where
he is deputy police chief.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 584 words


Cameras for cops

Thanks for the timely celebration of Sunshine Week, dedicated to openness in
government. Pasadenans are currently faced with a rare opportunity to help
create policies on accountability and transparency in their Police Department's
upcoming purchase and use of 300 police body-worn cameras.

While BWCs were developed to prevent police misconduct, promote transparency and
build police-community trust, many cities have adopted policies under the radar
that prevent such outcomes. Pasadena is now developing policies on how much
public access there will be to video footage of use-of-force incidents and other
police misconduct, while balancing privacy needs.  Also at issue is whether an
officer involved in a use-of-force incident or misconduct complaint shall be
allowed to view footage prior to making an official statement.

These and other policies, such as when to start and stop recording, assuring
video integrity, are being proposed by police Chief Phillip Sanchez and interim
City Manager Steve Mermell to the Public Safety Committee and finally the City
Council for adoption in the next couple of months.

The process to date has been commendably public. City electeds need to stand
strong for police accountability and transparency, for, as your fine editorial
says, use of force or misconduct is a public matter and must be accessible to
taxpayers.

- Kris Ockershauser, Pasadena

Good luck on Gold Line

In reference to an article on the Gold Line extension March 12: We see David
Sotero, spokesman for Metro, try to explain away the traffic problems at Myrtle
Avenue in Monrovia. I say, "Good Luck to cities east of Pasadena."

I am a business person and long-term resident of the area around Pasadena. I
remember fondly the Santa Fe Super Chief trip I took as a child from Los Angeles
to Albuquerque. I do know that the crossing gate at Del Mar in Pasadena was down
a long time for that train.  But that was only one or two trains per day.

With the Gold Line, we get many trains per hour in the Arroyo area of Pasadena.
The traffic at Del Mar, California and Glenarm often gets backed up one or two
blocks, multiple times per day. This has hurt businesses in this area very badly
if they are very close to those crossings. The main problem I see is that most
cities don't find a way to create grade separations, like Arcadia did at Santa
Anita. Another problem is when two trains cross in opposite directions near the
same time at a crossing. The gates stay down, creating very long wait times. One
time, I sat waiting for three trains to cross Glenarm - unbelievable. It works
fine if only one train passes or if two trains pass at exactly the same time.

The council took action in South Pasadena when noise was a problem, and the
train slows down when going through Highland Park for safety reasons. Then why
doesn't someone force the Gold Line to be required to synchronize the trains to
prevent unnecessary traffic snarls? This is just the beginning of traffic
problems for Monrovia at Myrtle.

- Mike Mulfinger, La Canada Flintridge

Put in our place

Donald Trump keeps saying he is funding his own campaign and does not owe
anything to anyone. This implies only the wealthy are qualified for office.
Really? What about Ronald Reagan, Harry Truman, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight
Eisenhower?  Most of our ancestors came to America to get away from the moneyed
classes that kept them "in their place." I am not ready to have a government run
by a privileged class.

- Trudy Saltmarsh, West Covina

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 584 words


Cameras for cops

Thanks for the timely celebration of Sunshine Week, dedicated to openness in
government. Pasadenans are currently faced with a rare opportunity to help
create policies on accountability and transparency in their Police Department's
upcoming purchase and use of 300 police body-worn cameras.

While BWCs were developed to prevent police misconduct, promote transparency and
build police-community trust, many cities have adopted policies under the radar
that prevent such outcomes. Pasadena is now developing policies on how much
public access there will be to video footage of use-of-force incidents and other
police misconduct, while balancing privacy needs.  Also at issue is whether an
officer involved in a use-of-force incident or misconduct complaint shall be
allowed to view footage prior to making an official statement.

These and other policies, such as when to start and stop recording, assuring
video integrity, are being proposed by police Chief Phillip Sanchez and interim
City Manager Steve Mermell to the Public Safety Committee and finally the City
Council for adoption in the next couple of months.

The process to date has been commendably public. City electeds need to stand
strong for police accountability and transparency, for, as your fine editorial
says, use of force or misconduct is a public matter and must be accessible to
taxpayers.

- Kris Ockershauser, Pasadena

Good luck on Gold Line

In reference to an article on the Gold Line extension March 12: We see David
Sotero, spokesman for Metro, try to explain away the traffic problems at Myrtle
Avenue in Monrovia. I say, "Good Luck to cities east of Pasadena."

I am a business person and long-term resident of the area around Pasadena. I
remember fondly the Santa Fe Super Chief trip I took as a child from Los Angeles
to Albuquerque. I do know that the crossing gate at Del Mar in Pasadena was down
a long time for that train.  But that was only one or two trains per day.

With the Gold Line, we get many trains per hour in the Arroyo area of Pasadena.
The traffic at Del Mar, California and Glenarm often gets backed up one or two
blocks, multiple times per day. This has hurt businesses in this area very badly
if they are very close to those crossings. The main problem I see is that most
cities don't find a way to create grade separations, like Arcadia did at Santa
Anita. Another problem is when two trains cross in opposite directions near the
same time at a crossing. The gates stay down, creating very long wait times. One
time, I sat waiting for three trains to cross Glenarm - unbelievable. It works
fine if only one train passes or if two trains pass at exactly the same time.

The council took action in South Pasadena when noise was a problem, and the
train slows down when going through Highland Park for safety reasons. Then why
doesn't someone force the Gold Line to be required to synchronize the trains to
prevent unnecessary traffic snarls? This is just the beginning of traffic
problems for Monrovia at Myrtle.

- Mike Mulfinger, La Canada Flintridge

Put in our place

Donald Trump keeps saying he is funding his own campaign and does not owe
anything to anyone. This implies only the wealthy are qualified for office.
Really? What about Ronald Reagan, Harry Truman, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight
Eisenhower?  Most of our ancestors came to America to get away from the moneyed
classes that kept them "in their place." I am not ready to have a government run
by a privileged class.

- Trudy Saltmarsh, West Covina

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 584 words


Cameras for cops

Thanks for the timely celebration of Sunshine Week, dedicated to openness in
government. Pasadenans are currently faced with a rare opportunity to help
create policies on accountability and transparency in their Police Department's
upcoming purchase and use of 300 police body-worn cameras.

While BWCs were developed to prevent police misconduct, promote transparency and
build police-community trust, many cities have adopted policies under the radar
that prevent such outcomes. Pasadena is now developing policies on how much
public access there will be to video footage of use-of-force incidents and other
police misconduct, while balancing privacy needs.  Also at issue is whether an
officer involved in a use-of-force incident or misconduct complaint shall be
allowed to view footage prior to making an official statement.

These and other policies, such as when to start and stop recording, assuring
video integrity, are being proposed by police Chief Phillip Sanchez and interim
City Manager Steve Mermell to the Public Safety Committee and finally the City
Council for adoption in the next couple of months.

The process to date has been commendably public. City electeds need to stand
strong for police accountability and transparency, for, as your fine editorial
says, use of force or misconduct is a public matter and must be accessible to
taxpayers.

- Kris Ockershauser, Pasadena

Good luck on Gold Line

In reference to an article on the Gold Line extension March 12: We see David
Sotero, spokesman for Metro, try to explain away the traffic problems at Myrtle
Avenue in Monrovia. I say, "Good Luck to cities east of Pasadena."

I am a business person and long-term resident of the area around Pasadena. I
remember fondly the Santa Fe Super Chief trip I took as a child from Los Angeles
to Albuquerque. I do know that the crossing gate at Del Mar in Pasadena was down
a long time for that train.  But that was only one or two trains per day.

With the Gold Line, we get many trains per hour in the Arroyo area of Pasadena.
The traffic at Del Mar, California and Glenarm often gets backed up one or two
blocks, multiple times per day. This has hurt businesses in this area very badly
if they are very close to those crossings. The main problem I see is that most
cities don't find a way to create grade separations, like Arcadia did at Santa
Anita. Another problem is when two trains cross in opposite directions near the
same time at a crossing. The gates stay down, creating very long wait times. One
time, I sat waiting for three trains to cross Glenarm - unbelievable. It works
fine if only one train passes or if two trains pass at exactly the same time.

The council took action in South Pasadena when noise was a problem, and the
train slows down when going through Highland Park for safety reasons. Then why
doesn't someone force the Gold Line to be required to synchronize the trains to
prevent unnecessary traffic snarls? This is just the beginning of traffic
problems for Monrovia at Myrtle.

- Mike Mulfinger, La Canada Flintridge

Put in our place

Donald Trump keeps saying he is funding his own campaign and does not owe
anything to anyone. This implies only the wealthy are qualified for office.
Really? What about Ronald Reagan, Harry Truman, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight
Eisenhower?  Most of our ancestors came to America to get away from the moneyed
classes that kept them "in their place." I am not ready to have a government run
by a privileged class.

- Trudy Saltmarsh, West Covina

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 584 words


Cameras for cops

Thanks for the timely celebration of Sunshine Week, dedicated to openness in
government. Pasadenans are currently faced with a rare opportunity to help
create policies on accountability and transparency in their Police Department's
upcoming purchase and use of 300 police body-worn cameras.

While BWCs were developed to prevent police misconduct, promote transparency and
build police-community trust, many cities have adopted policies under the radar
that prevent such outcomes. Pasadena is now developing policies on how much
public access there will be to video footage of use-of-force incidents and other
police misconduct, while balancing privacy needs.  Also at issue is whether an
officer involved in a use-of-force incident or misconduct complaint shall be
allowed to view footage prior to making an official statement.

These and other policies, such as when to start and stop recording, assuring
video integrity, are being proposed by police Chief Phillip Sanchez and interim
City Manager Steve Mermell to the Public Safety Committee and finally the City
Council for adoption in the next couple of months.

The process to date has been commendably public. City electeds need to stand
strong for police accountability and transparency, for, as your fine editorial
says, use of force or misconduct is a public matter and must be accessible to
taxpayers.

- Kris Ockershauser, Pasadena

Good luck on Gold Line

In reference to an article on the Gold Line extension March 12: We see David
Sotero, spokesman for Metro, try to explain away the traffic problems at Myrtle
Avenue in Monrovia. I say, "Good Luck to cities east of Pasadena."

I am a business person and long-term resident of the area around Pasadena. I
remember fondly the Santa Fe Super Chief trip I took as a child from Los Angeles
to Albuquerque. I do know that the crossing gate at Del Mar in Pasadena was down
a long time for that train.  But that was only one or two trains per day.

With the Gold Line, we get many trains per hour in the Arroyo area of Pasadena.
The traffic at Del Mar, California and Glenarm often gets backed up one or two
blocks, multiple times per day. This has hurt businesses in this area very badly
if they are very close to those crossings. The main problem I see is that most
cities don't find a way to create grade separations, like Arcadia did at Santa
Anita. Another problem is when two trains cross in opposite directions near the
same time at a crossing. The gates stay down, creating very long wait times. One
time, I sat waiting for three trains to cross Glenarm - unbelievable. It works
fine if only one train passes or if two trains pass at exactly the same time.

The council took action in South Pasadena when noise was a problem, and the
train slows down when going through Highland Park for safety reasons. Then why
doesn't someone force the Gold Line to be required to synchronize the trains to
prevent unnecessary traffic snarls? This is just the beginning of traffic
problems for Monrovia at Myrtle.

- Mike Mulfinger, La Canada Flintridge

Put in our place

Donald Trump keeps saying he is funding his own campaign and does not owe
anything to anyone. This implies only the wealthy are qualified for office.
Really? What about Ronald Reagan, Harry Truman, Abraham Lincoln, Dwight
Eisenhower?  Most of our ancestors came to America to get away from the moneyed
classes that kept them "in their place." I am not ready to have a government run
by a privileged class.

- Trudy Saltmarsh, West Covina

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Report finds UConn failed to act appropriately to sexual misconduct allegations

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


Feb. 26--STORRS -- University of Connecticut officials failed to respond
sufficiently to allegations that music professor Robert F. Miller had engaged in
sexual misconduct with minors, putting the university community at risk,
according to a Philadelphia law firm that conducted an independent
investigation.

The firm, Drinker Biddle & Reath, found credible evidence that Miller had
engaged in sexual misconduct with minors and had inappropriate relationships
with students, including inviting them to his Vermont cabin and providing them
with alcohol. On campus, Miller gravitated toward younger male students with a
consistent appearance that became known as "Bob's Boys." The firm found evidence
of truth in a rumor that circulated widely on campus that Miller was seen
dancing with a male student late at night in the music department, both in their
underwear.

After interviewing 57 witnesses and reviewing more than 27,000 emails and more
than 6,000 pages of documents, the firm, which had been tasked with evaluating
the university's response to complaints about Miller, presented its report this
morning to the University's Board of Trustees.

President Susan Herbst and Board Chairman Larry McHugh called the finding that
university officials, including former Dean David Woods, failed to act on
information about Miller received as early as 2003, disturbing and troubling and
said the board would be taking action as swiftly as possible and would notify
the public. Woods is no longer a dean but is a professor in good standing with
the university.

Officials noted that no student has come forward with a criminal complaint
against Miller.

"We dodged a bullet," said Richard Orr, general counsel for the university.
"There's no evidence that failure to act actually harmed any university
student."

Miller, a tenured professor in his mid-60s who has been with the university
since 1983, was placed on paid administrative leave last year. In February 2013,
Professor Catherine Jarjisian, then head of the music department, turned over to
Dean Brid Grant an anonymous letter that alleged Miller had sexually abused boys
at the Hole in the Wall Gang Camp years earlier. In June 2013, police executed a
search warrant at Miller's Mansfield home. Though the statute of limitations on
sexual assaults at the Hole in the Wall Gang camp have expired, Virginia
authorities could still charge Miller with molesting a middle school student in
1969.

The Miller allegations came to light just as the Jerry Sandusky scandal was
unfolding at Pennsylvania State University. This morning, a trustee asked
whether there are any similarities. Drinker Biddle attorney Scott A. Coffina,
who presented the findings, said Sandusky had repeatedly used university
resources to molest children, which was not the case with Miller.

"The biggest and most important difference is that Robert Miller was not Jerry
Sandusky, as bad as his conduct was," Coffina said.

Coffina said the university's response once the allegations came to light last
year, including initiating a Title IX investigation and notifying police, was
"forceful."

Miller has retained an attorney and refused to speak with the law firm during
its investigation. He continues to collect his $140,907 a year salary. Orr, the
university attorney, said the collective bargaining unit to which Miller belongs
allows sanctions "up to and including termination."

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140226-NL-Report-finds-UConn-failed-to-act-appropriately-to-sexual-
misconduct-20140226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 20, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

Costs of Police Misconduct Set Record in Los Angeles

From news services

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A5; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 154 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Police misconduct has cost Los Angeles more than $ 13.8 million so far this
year, surpassing the record $ 9.5 million the city was ordered to pay in all of
1990, according to a Los Angeles Times survey of city records.

Citizen claims alleging police misconduct rose from an average of nine per week
in March and April 1990 to 13 a week following the videotaped March 3 police
beating of black motorist Rodney G. King. City officials blame the widely
publicized beating for the increase in claims and damage awards.

In April, a jury awarded $ 8.75 million to Adelaido Altamirano, who was left
paraplegic when he was shot by an off-duty police officer in 1987.

Between 1987 and 1990, 9 percent of white complaints against police were
sustained, compared to 7 percent for Hispanics and 5 percent for blacks,
according to department records. The department upheld 7 percent of all citizen
complaints for the period.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Oakland police sex scandal: City hires private investigator to find media leaks

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni and David DeBolt, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 306 words


OAKLAND -- Following weeks of embarrassing press and revelations of police
misconduct, city leaders have hired a private investigator in an attempt to
quash leaks and find out who has been sharing police personnel information with
media.

City Administrator Sabrina Landreth released a statement Wednesday announcing
that she launched the internal probe to preserve delicate ongoing police
misconduct investigations and to abide by state laws requiring confidentiality
for police personnel information.

"The overarching goal is to make sure that all complaints of police misconduct
are thoroughly investigated," Landreth said in her statement. "Our intention is
to root out misconduct and prevent cover-ups, not to silence critics or
whisteblowers.

"As we stated before, any violation of confidentiality or breach of integrity
related to personnel issues or open, ongoing investigations could jeopardize
those investigations, and impede our ability to reach the truth and secure the
strongest judgments against those responsible," she continued.

Landreth is the department's top cop following the departure of three police
chiefs this month, while acting assistant chief David Downing handles the
day-to-day police operations and reports to the city administrator.

The statement was released by Landreth on Wednesday only after East Bay Express
reporters inquired about the leak probe, the news organization reported.

The city and police department have received international headlines over recent
weeks for a series of scandals, involving allegations of sexual misconduct,
racist text messages and ghostwriting homicide reports. Much of the details have
come from police sources with knowledge of the investigations who declined to
use their names to avoid retaliation.

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland
Police Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015.
(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Oakland police sex scandal: City hires private investigator to find media leaks

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni and David DeBolt, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News

LENGTH: 306 words


OAKLAND -- Following weeks of embarrassing press and revelations of police
misconduct, city leaders have hired a private investigator in an attempt to
quash leaks and find out who has been sharing police personnel information with
media.

City Administrator Sabrina Landreth released a statement Wednesday announcing
that she launched the internal probe to preserve delicate ongoing police
misconduct investigations and to abide by state laws requiring confidentiality
for police personnel information.

"The overarching goal is to make sure that all complaints of police misconduct
are thoroughly investigated," Landreth said in her statement. "Our intention is
to root out misconduct and prevent cover-ups, not to silence critics or
whisteblowers.

"As we stated before, any violation of confidentiality or breach of integrity
related to personnel issues or open, ongoing investigations could jeopardize
those investigations, and impede our ability to reach the truth and secure the
strongest judgments against those responsible," she continued.

Landreth is the department's top cop following the departure of three police
chiefs this month, while acting assistant chief David Downing handles the
day-to-day police operations and reports to the city administrator.

The statement was released by Landreth on Wednesday only after East Bay Express
reporters inquired about the leak probe, the news organization reported.

The city and police department have received international headlines over recent
weeks for a series of scandals, involving allegations of sexual misconduct,
racist text messages and ghostwriting homicide reports. Much of the details have
come from police sources with knowledge of the investigations who declined to
use their names to avoid retaliation.

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2009 Saturday

Piedmont police officer arrested: Harris-Brown charged with sexual misconduct

BYLINE: Michael A. Bell, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Jan. 3--A Piedmont police officer was arrested Wednesday and charged with sexual
misconduct with an inmate at the city jail, authorities said.

Deon Harris-Brown, of Oak Street in Piedmont, was charged with custodial sexual
misconduct, a felony, and booked at the Calhoun County Jail on $15,000 bond,
authorities said. He has posted bond for the alleged crime, which involved a
female inmate at the Piedmont City Jail.

"Our agency is saddened and disappointed by the actions of one its members,"
Piedmont Police Chief Steve Tidwell said in a statement. "Harris-Brown has
violated the public's trust and engaged in conduct that we will not tolerate."

Tidwell said his force, the Alabama Bureau of Investigation and the
Calhoun-Cleburne Drug and Major Crimes Task Force investigated. Efforts to reach
the agencies for comment Friday were either unsuccessful or officials declined
to comment.

Before April 2004, Alabama was one of three states that did not have laws
banning sexual relations between inmates and correctional staff. Rep. Barbara
Boyd, D-Anniston, proposed the bill that made any sexual misconduct between a
custodial official and an inmate illegal in Alabama.

Seven people from Alabama correctional facilities have been charged with
custodial sexual misconduct since 2004, according to online research from
Alabama newspapers. The Class C felony is punishable by up to 10 years in
prison.

About Michael A. Bell

Michael Bell covers education and health for The Star. He is a graduate of
University of North Carolina, Wilmington.

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090103-AO-Piedmont-police-officer-arrested-Harris-Brown-charged-with-sexual-
misconduct-0103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                                 Copyright 2009


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Improve tools to track teacher misconduct

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 503 words


LETTERS

As vice president of Stop Educator Sexual Abuse, Misconduct and Exploitation
(SESAME), I thank USA TODAY for the report, "Teachers flee troubled pasts."
SESAME is the leading national voice for the prevention of sexual exploitation,
abuse and harassment of students by teachers and other school employees (USA
TODAY investigation, News, Feb. 15).

As your investigation reveals, systemic failures  allow teachers who violate
their sacred trust to gain employment after they have been dismissed for
misconduct. We at SESAME have put forth a clear and achievable four-point
strategy to strengthen existing laws and policies: Establish mandatory uniform
and comprehensive background checks in all 50 states; create a national public
clearinghouse of teacher licensure disciplinary actions; mandate reporting of
teacher licensure actions to U.S. Department of Education; and make educator
sexual misconduct toward K-12 students a federal crime.

John M. Seryak

Reynoldsburg, Ohio

Simple and basic hiring procedures would have discovered many of the teacher
hires with questionable backgrounds. All employers should verify prior
employment and reasons for leaving one employer for another. The call for a
database to track teachers is another example of government solving a problem,
with no individuals being held accountable.

Murphy Miller

Alachua, Fla.

USA TODAY's investigation on teacher misconduct was quite alarming. I applaud
USA TODAY for exposing this information and using its platform as a call to
action. There is no question that a solution that addresses teacher misconduct
is of paramount importance. And as we urge politicians to continue to push for a
federal measure, we believe that technology is an integral part of the solution.

As a CEO and a leading provider of cloud-based  solutions for education, I have
the honor to work with educators and administrators across this country.  While
we are not directly involved in building or standardizing background check
systems, my team and I are willing to provide support in any way that we can.

The children in our schools are our future, and we must protect them. Moreover,
we must not allow the horrible actions of a dangerous few to tarnish the
reputation of the good educators who devote their lives to teaching the next
generation.

Kermit S. Randa, CEO

PeopleAdmin; Austin

TWITTER

We asked followers about the lack of a mandatory national database of teacher
license suspensions.

It's the logical thing to do, so logical that the geniuses on the boards of
education should have done it long ago.

@LifeDeathMatter

A national database should not be required. It is the states' responsibility.

@rlockrocks

Explosive exposé by USA TODAY: Too many who should not be teaching are in other
states.  Mandate a database now.

@NightclubGenius

The lack of a database is dangerous to all, especially children. A mandatory
federal database of teacher license suspensions is needed ASAP.

@theheavenlyalm1

Follow @USATOpinion or #tellusatoday on Twitter for more of this discussion.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 19, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Around the Nation

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 707 words

Panel Finds Misconduct By Fusion Researcher

 INDIANAPOLIS -- A Purdue University panel has found two instances of misconduct
by a researcher who says he produced nuclear fusion in tabletop experiments.

Rusi Taleyarkhan made headlines in 2002 when he published a paper in the journal
Science asserting that he had produced nuclear fusion by making tiny bubbles
collapse in a liquid. The new report found misconduct in subsequent papers.

The committee said that, in a follow-up paper published in 2006 in Physical
Review Letters, Taleyarkhan falsely said that his 2002 work had been confirmed
independently. In fact, Taleyarkhan was extensively involved in the follow-up
work, the committee found. The panel also found that in a pair of 2005 papers,
Taleyarkhan added another person as an author, even though that researcher did
not substantially contribute.

The committee did not investigate the 2002 paper itself. The paper was met with
widespread skepticism, and other scientists have tried without success to
independently reproduce Taleyarkhan's results.

Scientists have long sought a simple way to produce fusion in hopes of
harnessing it as an energy source.

 Body Found at Pa. Home Of Woman With Infant

 WILKINSBURG, Pa. -- A body with its hands bound was found Friday at the
apartment of a woman who showed up at a hospital with a newborn she said she had
obtained for $1,000, authorities said.

The body was found in the home of 38-year-old Andrea Curry-Demus, police said.
Authorities would not say whether it was male or female.

Earlier Friday, police said they were concerned that the infant's real mother --
described as a thin, black female in her 20s or 30s named Tina -- might be in
danger or in need of medical attention.

Curry-Demus showed up at West Penn Hospital in Pittsburgh on Thursday with a
newborn baby, police said. Tests later proved she was not the mother, despite
her claims to the contrary, police said.

Curry-Demus pleaded guilty in 1991 to aggravated assault after stabbing a
Wilkinsburg woman in an alleged plot to steal the woman's infant. Curry-Demus,
then known as Andrea Curry, was sentenced to 10 years' probation.

Wolves' Protection Restored

BILLINGS, Mont. -- A federal judge in Montana has ordered that gray wolves in
the northern Rockies be returned to the endangered species list. The preliminary
injunction granted by U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy is expected to derail
plans by Montana, Wyoming and Idaho to allow public hunts for the predator. The
region has an estimated 2,000 wolves. Wolf populations in the three states were
removed from the endangered list in March following a decade-long restoration
effort. Environmentalists sued to overturn the decision, saying hunts would
decimate the wolves.

N.H. Will Accept Venezuelan Oil

CONCORD, N.H. -- Two years ago, New Hampshire refused to accept heating oil from
Venezuelan President Hugo ChÃ¡vez, the pro-Castro U.S. critic who once called
President Bush "the devil." But with fuel prices rising, New Hampshire has ended
its holdout, becoming the last state in the Northeast to embrace the offer for
its residents. When the state first objected, heating oil sold for about $2.50 a
gallon in the Northeast. Last month, the average price was $4.61, with
predictions of $5 a gallon by winter.

Bertha Once Again a Hurricane

MIAMI -- Forecasters say Bertha has strengthened to a Category 1 hurricane in
the open Atlantic, about 640 miles south of Cape Race, Newfoundland, but poses
no threat to land. Bertha battered Bermuda earlier this week, knocking out
electricity to thousands on the Atlantic tourist island. According to the
National Hurricane Center, Bertha is the longest-lived July tropical storm in
history.

Texas Sets Up Bible Classes

AUSTIN -- The Texas State Board of Education gave final approval to establishing
Bible classes in public high schools, rejecting calls to draw specific teaching
guidelines and warnings that it could lead to constitutional problems. The
classes are supposed to focus on the history and literature of the Bible without
preaching or disparaging any faith. Education officials are still waiting for a
state attorney general's ruling on whether school districts may refuse to offer
the classes.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Fix background checks for teachers

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 632 words


You'd think that teachers would undergo the most rigorous background checks of
just about any profession. But you'd be wrong.

The system, run by states and local school districts, is a patchwork of
inconsistent and often porous processes that have allowed thousands of teachers
with misconduct records - including 1,400 whose licenses had been revoked - to
fall through the cracks, and sometimes right into another classroom.

Many disciplined teachers have discovered that getting back into a classroom is
as easy as moving to another state, a USA TODAY NETWORK investigation found. The
year-long probe, led by reporter Steve Reilly, uncovered many troubling
situations, including:

Dallas-area middle school math teacher Stanley Kendall lost his Texas teacher's
license in 2008, after he showed up on NBC's To Catch a Predator, on which he
allegedly tried to solicit sex from a young boy in one of the program's stings.
Still, Kendall was able to get work as a substitute teacher in Indiana. He lost
the job only after someone saw a rerun of the show and notified his school.
Kendall said that Texas did not have the grounds to revoke his license, but that
he lacked the money to fight it.

Alexander Stormer - a teacher with a long string of misconduct allegations in
Georgia, including sending text messages with naked photos to a female student -
also held teacher licenses in North and South Carolina. After leaving Georgia,
he taught in Charlotte, N.C., until the Asheville Citizen-Times, part of the USA
TODAY NETWORK, inquired about Stormer's record.

Reva Diane Inabnett resigned from a Florida school district after she was
charged with battery for allegedly shoving a 6-year-old. Her license was
suspended. She returned to Louisiana, where she was also licensed, and taught
there until earlier this month when USA TODAY called about its investigation.

While many flaws exist in teacher credentialing and hiring systems, one of the
most serious gaps is the lack of a mandatory national database of teacher
license suspensions, revocations and other serious misconduct findings. Instead,
states voluntarily turn this data over to a clearinghouse run by the National
Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification, a small
non-profit group.

But some states fail to follow through: Names of about 9,000 educators who were
disciplined were missing from the database in the past year, including 200 whose
licenses were revoked because of allegations of sexual or physical abuse. "We
dropped the ball," a Texas Education Agency spokesman admitted about its missing
information.

Other problems plague the systems. While all states require a criminal
background check on applicants, not all serious misconduct rises to a criminal
level. So more is needed. Further, 11 states do not run criminal checks before
granting a license, leaving the task to local districts, where checks can be
less stringent.

Another dangerous practice: Some states let schools settle disciplinary cases
confidentially, which leaves teachers free to transfer and puts more children at
risk. A new federal law prohibits aiding the transfer of a teacher involved in
sexual misconduct.

Since the investigation was published last week, the non-profit clearinghouse
announced that it will direct states to audit their submissions and validate
their accuracy and completeness. Some states have also gone back to correct
their own mistakes. Both actions are helpful.

Serious misconduct involves just a tiny fraction of the nation's millions of
teachers. But consistent, sensible and strict systems are needed to ensure that
such teachers cannot simply move to a different state and new classroom to put
more children at risk.

(The USA Today investigative piece was published in Lebanon Daily News Feb. 14.)

-USA Today

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ldn


                     Copyright 2016 The Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 June 19, 2002

Doctor is cleared of any misconduct.

BYLINE: Salim Bhorat of Just Peace

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 411 words



A FAMILY doctor accused of groping two women at a Christmas party has been
cleared of serious professional misconduct.

Doctor Narendra Singh is celebrating with his family after being allowed to
continue practising by the General Medical Council's professional conduct
committee.

And the 62-year-old of Edge End Lane, Nelson, spoke of the "sheer agony" of the
"sordid allegations."

The GP -- who has been practising for 35 years -- was also cleared of misconduct
on numerous occasions between January 17, 1999, and October 1, 1999, at the
Colne Road surgery in Burnley.

It had been said his actions amounted to serious professional misconduct.

"Sexual misconduct is the lowest of the low in way of accusations" he said. "I
have been demolished and now it is time to tell everyone I am not guilty.

"I am a big man in the community -- at the top of the ladder -- and just feel so
much relief to hold my head up and say I am innocent.

"I have a new lease of life and feel tonnes better. I can keep the family name,
tradition and my heritage in tact."

Dr Singh denied indecently assaulting two women at a Christmas party in January
1999.

During the hearing in Manchester, the GMC heard from one of the women who said
he had lured her into a toilet and tried to kiss her.

Another woman told the court he had put his hand up her skirt and tried to feel
her breasts.

His wife of ten years and mother-of-three Francis Elizabeth, 55, said she was
delighted to put the ordeal behind them.

"It has been three years of sheer agony. He passed rigorous assessments by the
GMC in May last year and came out with flying colours.

"We just felt so helpless throughout the six-day trial because we weren't
allowed to defend ourselves.

"We will now just have to live with the worry that some people somewhere might
not know that he was found not guilty.

"He is a public figure who needs to be trusted."

He said: "I am very hurt by what has gone on and my soul is cracked.

"We have had endless sleepless nights, preparing ourselves for the trial and
re-living the moments over and over.

"But I feel taller, stronger and wiser now and will carry on doing what I know
best -- practising medicine.

"My friends and family have stood by me through the whole ordeal. My wife has
been wonderful. I hope all husbands could have a wife like that."

Dr Singh will return to the Ruskin Health Centre in Colne Road, where he is a
senior partner.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              March 2, 2009 Monday

New York court censures lemon law firm partners

BYLINE: Caryn Tamber

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 554  words


The name partners in embattled consumer-rights law firm Kimmel & Silverman P.C.
have been censured in New York for mismanagement of their Maryland office.

Craig T. Kimmel and Robert M. Silverman, proprietors of a Pennsylvania-based
firm that handles automobile lemon law cases, were suspended last year from
practicing law in Maryland.

The Court of Appeals rebuked Kimmel and Silverman for improperly supervising the
former managing attorney of the firm's Maryland office, who, in 2005, became so
overwhelmed with work that she failed to respond to discovery in over 40 cases.

Last week, a New York court declined to suspend Kimmel and Silverman in that
state, instead censuring the attorneys.

"Respondents failed to adequately supervise a subordinate attorney and they
acknowledge their responsibility for their misconduct and express sincere
remorse for it," the judges of the Supreme Court, Appellate Division, Third
Department wrote in a per curiam opinion.

"However, it is also clear that the subordinate attorney failed to follow firm
procedures which would have alerted respondents to the misconduct and enabled
them to take timely [preventative] measures," the court wrote. "Respondents have
taken effective steps to ameliorate the harm caused to clients by the misconduct
and to forestall such misconduct in the future. Respondents, prior to this
matter, had unblemished disciplinary records. "

The Legal Profession Blog first linked to the New York court's decision last
week.

A spokesman for the firm did not return an e-mail or call seeking comment on the
latest disciplinary action.

Contingency

Kimmel & Silverman's main office is in Ambler, Pa., and they have offices in
several other states. The partners' suspension in Maryland was unusual in that
neither has ever been admitted to practice here.

The Court of Appeals suspended Kimmel and Silverman indefinitely but granted
them the right to reapply after 90 days. That period has passed, and the men
recently filed a petition for readmission, according to the office of the Court
of Appeals' clerk.

The court will consider the petition and decide whether to readmit Kimmel and
Silverman.

In the interim, they have been barred from conducting business as Kimmel &
Silverman in Maryland.

Kimmel & Silverman are admitted in Pennsylvania and a handful of other states.
According to a report in The Legal Intelligencer newspaper in Philadelphia
earlier this month, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has asked the lawyers to
explain why they should not be sanctioned. A representative from that state's
disciplinary board did not return a call placed Friday.

Last fall, Massachusetts suspended Kimmel; Silverman was not admitted there.
Kimmel's readmission in Massachusetts is contingent on his readmission in
Maryland, said Nancy Kaufman of Massachusetts's Bar Counsel office.

Silverman is admitted in New Jersey; a representative of the state's Office of
Attorney Ethics said there is "no public discipline" against him.

Nearly four dozen of Kimmel & Silverman's Maryland cases were dismissed in 2005
when its only Maryland attorney, Robyn Glassman-Katz, fell behind in answering
discovery requests. Glassman-Katz, who was disbarred by consent in 2007, has
testified that Kimmel & Silverman demanded that she carry a staggering workload
and did not give her enough help managing it.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 11, 2015, Thursday

SPORTS Briefs

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P2B

LENGTH: 558 words


Texas investigating allegations of misconduct

AUSTIN, Texas - Texas says it has contacted the NCAA as the school investigates
allegations of academic misconduct in its men's basketball program.

The school issued a statement Wednesday following a report in The Chronicle of
Higher Education that mentioned potential allegations from the tenure of former
coach Rick Barnes, who is now at Tennessee.

In the statement, the university said it "has no information that suggests
Barnes knew of or was involved in any academic improprieties.

The statement added that "we determined that the university had no knowledge of
two former student-athletes allegedly receiving improper help with high school
coursework before they enrolled. That stems from a December report by The
Chronicle of Higher Education.

Report: Little diversity found in sports

ORLANDO, Fla. - The number of jobs held by people of color and women in sports
departments at newspapers and websites remains low, with most jobs dominated by
white males, according to a study released Wednesday.

The report by the University of Central Florida's Institute for Diversity and
Ethics in Sports once again gave the more than 100 outlets that belong to the
Associated Press Sports Editors a C-plus grade for racial hiring and its fourth
consecutive failing grade for gender hires in jobs that include sports editor,
columnist, reporter and copy editor.

The biennial report is the fifth on APSE since 2006.Last year, 91.5 percent of
sports editors, 90.2 percent of assistant sports editors, 83.5 percent of
columnists, 85 percent of reporters and 83.3 percent of copy editors or
designers were white. Also, 90.1 percent of sports editors were men.

Beasley on U.S. roster for Gold Cup

MIAMI BEACH, Fla. - Houston Dynamo defender DaMarcus Beasley, who announced his
retirement from the U.S. national team in December, was among 35 players on the
Americans' preliminary roster for next year's CONCACAF Gold Cup that was
announced Wednesday.

Beasley, a left back who turned 33 last month, last year became the first
American to play in four World Cups.

Los Angeles Galaxy forward Alan Gordon, who also is 33, was another surprise
inclusion on the roster.

Toronto forward Jozy Altidore, sidelined since May 16 by a strained right
hamstring, also was picked, but New England midfielder Jermaine Jones, who
injured his left groin May 31, was not.

Nike to become NBA's uniform provider

NEW YORK - The NBA says Nike will become the league's official uniform provider
beginning with the 2017-18 season.

The league said Wednesday it had agreed on an eight-year deal with Nike, which
will become the first apparel partner to have its logo appear on NBA uniforms.

Adidas is the league's current provider and has two years left on its contract.
But Nike already has a significant presence through endorsement deals with many
of the league's biggest stars.

AP Source: Kings GM returning to Nuggets

Sacramento Kings general manager Pete D'Alessandro has accepted a front-office
position in Denver, a person familiar with the decision said Wednesday.

The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the
teams have not formally announced the move. D'Alessandro is expected to work in
a support role under Josh Kroenke, the president of the NBA's Denver Nuggets and
NHL's Colorado Avalanche.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

GUDAS LOSES MISCONDUCT BUT MIGHT GAIN BAD REP

BYLINE: DAMIAN CRISTODERO, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; LIGHTNING NOTEBOOK; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


Radko Gudas gets several benefits from having the league rescind Sunday's game
misconduct.

The Lightning defenseman saves the automatic $200 fine and, as Gudas said, "I'm
just glad it comes off my record," because players with three game misconducts
in a season are suspended for one game.

But is Gudas now marked as a player who can be goaded into bad penalties?

"I don't know. Talk to them. I don't know what other teams think," he said.

Gudas, 23, got a 10-minute and game misconduct with 7:09 left in the second
period of Tampa Bay's 4-3 shootout win when he angrily broke his stick over the
boards in front of the Panthers bench after being squirted with blue Gatorade by
Scottie Upshall.

At the time, coach Jon Cooper said referee Tim Peel told him ejecting Gudas was
to defuse the situation.

"I respect the call he made. I understand, partially, why he made it," Cooper
said, "The 24-hour rule, sleep on it, and everybody got it right in the end."

What it means going forward is less certain.

Lightning D Matt Carle said Gudas has to better control his emotions:
"Certainly, he's a very important part of the team, so it was tough to lose him
there."

But fellow D Sami Salo said, "He plays his best when he plays with emotion, and
that's when things happen. I don't want him to try to control that. That's when
he plays his best. I wouldn't blame him for that."

As for Gudas, whose 55 penalty minutes are second in the league, "I don't think
there's anything to talk about," he said. "Last time I checked, we were playing
the Devils (Tuesday) not the Panthers."

900: D Eric Brewer played his 900th NHL game, and Cooper said he is "playing as
good hockey as he has in years."

Brewer, 34, is plus-3. He also is averaging 16:22 of ice time, down from 20:03
last season. Cooper acknowledged Brewer "ultimately may not be happy" about the
decreased workload but said it will limit wear and tear and help keep him fresh.

"You may not see it on opening night, but you will see it by Christmas time. You
will see it by Easter," Cooper said. "That's when guys really wear down."

"We have some good balance on the back end, and I'm respectful for whatever they
want to do," Brewer said. "Let's do it. It's tough to argue."

NO PANIK ATTACK: Plus/minus often is skewed because it does not identify fault
or credit for goals. Still, RW Richard Panik wasn't happy about being minus-9,
though he gave it a good spin.

"Every time I step on the ice, there's a weird bounce or weird tip," he said.

Cooper agreed Panik has been hurt by several "bad bounces," and added, "My only
concern is Richard having a concern."

"Play the game right," Panik said, "and eventually karma is going to turn it
around."

ODDS AND ENDS: Entering Tuesday, C Steven Stamkos and RW Marty St. Louis were
first in the league with 11 points on the same goals. ... Defensemen Mark
Barberio and Keith Aulie were scratched. ... The Devils, on the anniversary of
Hurricane Sandy, played a scoreboard tribute to the victims.

Damian Cristodero can be reached at cristodero@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Dru Sjodin's killer questions juror conduct in death penalty sentencing

BYLINE: By Steve Wagner Forum News Service

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities; State

LENGTH: 561 words


FARGO, N.D. -- The man sentenced to death for the 2003 kidnapping and murder of
Dru Sjodin is claiming juror misconduct during his trial.

Next month, a federal judge is set to hear arguments related to a 2011 motion by
attorneys for Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. His lawyers filed a habeas corpus motion
outlining reasons the former Crookston, Minn., man should not be executed and
now appear to claim juror misconduct during his trial.

Rodriguez, 62, remains on death row at a federal maximum security prison in
Terre Haute, Ind.

The court docket shows Rodriguez's attorneys are claiming juror misconduct, but
documents detailing the allegation, including prosecutors' response to it, are
sealed in advance of a Sept. 8 hearing before U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson
in Fargo.

A single docket entry from June notes prosecutors responding to "alleged juror
misconduct." The paperwork responds to documents filed by defense attorneys in
March.

Attorneys for Rodriguez also are requesting "temporary and partial closure" of
the upcoming court hearing, which was set to address the pending habeas corpus
motion, considered a last resort appeal to overturn Rodriguez's death sentence.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his earlier appeals.

In the latest arguments, death penalty attorneys claim Rodriguez didn't receive
effective counsel at trial, was insane at the time of the crime and that he is
mentally diminished, making him ineligible for the death penalty.

Richard Ney, a death penalty expert, was among the defense attorneys appointed
to represent Rodriguez before and during the 2006 trial. Ney and West Fargo
attorney Robert Hoy, a former Cass County state's attorney, filed a litany of
motions prior to the trial, including claims Rodriguez was mentally diminished.

In 2003, Rodriguez stabbed and kidnapped Sjodin, a Pequot Lakes, Minn., native
attending the University of North Dakota, while she talked on a cellphone in a
Grand Forks mall parking lot. An extensive search ensued, and five months later
she was found dead in a rural ravine near Crookston.

A jury of seven women and five men unanimously convicted Rodriguez, a known sex
offender with a 32-year history of attacking women, and recommended he should be
put to death by lethal injection.

The trial marked the first-ever federal death penalty case in North Dakota,
which abolished the state's capital punishment law in 1973. The death sentence
also marked the first time in more than 90 years that a defendant had been
ordered to death in any case within the state.

The Rodriguez trial featured three phases: guilt, eligibility for the death
penalty and the sentence.

In the final phase, it took three votes for jurors to reach a unanimous verdict
to recommend the death penalty sentence, which Erickson later ordered to be done
in South Dakota.

Afterward, juror Arlys Carter said the first two votes came back 11-1 for death,
with one person being a "question mark." A third vote brought the unanimous
decision.

"I think he changed his mind on his own," Carter said at the time. "He wouldn't
have gone along with the group."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Keith Reisenauer said Thursday he could not comment
about the pending motion and claims.

"Until I know what's going on, I'm not going to comment," said Luke Lillehaugen,
one of the jurors for the trial. Attempts to reach nine of the other were
unsuccessful Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An undated photo from Dru Sjodin's family shows the young woman slain
by Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. (AP Photo/Family photo, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    June 30, 1998, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

NATION IN BRIEF;
Bacteria-tainted oysters sicken more than 100

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 04a

LENGTH: 316 words


More than 100 people have fallen ill after eating bacteria-tainted oysters from
Galveston Bay, and more cases are expected, state officials said. Doug McBride,
a spokesman for the Texas Department of Health, said Monday that 89 people in
Texas and 18 in Florida were sickened by raw Galveston Bay oysters. The total
number was more than double that recorded on Friday, after health officials
issued bulletins that the oysters were tainted by a bacterium called Vibrio
parahaemolyticus. Symptoms include diarrhea, nausea and fever. It can be fatal
to people with liver problems or weakened immune systems. Fishermen who lease
state-controlled oyster beds in the bay have stopped harvesting until more is
known about the contamination. Wholesalers are tracking shipments to restaurants
around Texas and in Louisiana, Florida, Colorado, New Mexico and California and
warning them not to serve the shellfish. The bacterium's development is
attributed to warm, unusually salty water around oyster beds in Galveston Bay.
Officials said they hope the infusion of fresh water from last weekend's rains
will help prevent more oysters from becoming contaminated. No police misconduct,
jury finds A jury in Seattle has rejected claims of police misconduct brought by
three church leaders and a parishioner who said they had been wrongly accused of
child rape and molestation. After five days of deliberations, the jury Monday
decided the central Washington town of Wenatchee, the town's police officials
and three members of the Douglas County Sheriff's Department did not violate the
civil rights of the four, who said they were falsely accused in 1994-95. During
the Wenatchee sex rings investigation, a total of 28 people were charged with
child rape or molestation. Of those, 14 pleaded guilty, five were convicted and
three were acquitted. Charges against six others were dismissed or reduced.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 11, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

BRIEFLY;
Cox to sue NFL over $ 87,500 fine

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS AND NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13E

LENGTH: 633 words


Chicago Bears linebacker Bryan Cox said he will sue the NFL after being fined $
87,500, the equivalent of one game's pay, Thursday for his on-field misconduct
in last Sunday's game against Green Bay.

Cox was fined for verbally abusing field judge Bill Smith, making repeated
obscene gestures at the official and shouting obscenities.

"Your misconduct in last Sunday's game was again unprovoked, unprofessional,
offensive to NFL fans and unbecoming for an NFL player," commissioner Paul
Tagliabue said in a statement released by the NFL.

Tagliabue also threatened Cox with a suspension "of at least one game" for any
future misconduct detrimental to the league.

Cox said he will not appeal the decision, but he plans to file a lawsuit
claiming unfair treatment and "excessive fines."

"We're going straight to court," said Cox, whose eight fines in six years total
$ 125,500. "I'm not upset, mad or bitter. I'll let the lawyers take over."

BASEBALL

Bill Russell, who succeeded Tom Lasorda as the Los Angeles Dodgers manager at
midseason, will hold the job for at least two more years. Terms of Russell's
contract were not announced, but the Los Angeles Times reported it was worth
about $ 700,000. . . . Barry Bonds, unhappy that his father was demoted by the
San Francisco Giants, has suggested that he wants to be traded. Bobby Bonds, the
Giants' batting coach since 1993, was demoted after the Giants finished 68-94 -
last in the NL West. He has been offered a role as a roving instructor and
part-time scout.

TENNIS

Stefan Edberg, counting down to his retirement, beat top-seeded Thomas Muster
6-4, 6-7 (2-7), 7-5 to reach the quarterfinals of the $ 800,000 CA Trophy
tournament at Vienna, Austria. Boris Becker, seeded fifth, beat Michael Stich
3-6, 6-3, 6-4 and No. 2 seed Goran Ivanisevic defeated Bohdan Ulihrach 6-2, 6-2.
. . . Olympic champion Lindsay Davenport advanced to the third round of the $
450,000 Porsche Grand Prix, defeating Natalia Medvedeva of Ukraine 6-1, 6-3 at
Filderstadt, Germany.

PRO BASKETBALL

Center Kevin Duckworth, a 10-year NBA veteran, signed with the Los Angeles
Clippers. Duckworth, a 7-footer, played in just eight games with the Milwaukee
Bucks last season, averaging 1.1 points and 0.9 rebounds.

TRACK AND FIELD

Jamaican sprinter Merlene Ottey, the second-fastest woman in history, is giving
up track for modeling. Though she failed to win a gold medal, Ottey, 36, is one
of the most decorated women's Olympic sprinters in history with two silver
medals and five bronzes collected in five Olympics.

CYCLING

Alex Zuelle overcame tricky wet conditions and won the men's individual time
trial in the World Cycling Championships at Lugano, Switzerland. Racing in a
steady downpour, Zuelle, winner of the recent Tour of Spain, covered the
25.1-mile course in 48 minutes, 13.86 seconds. Olympic bronze medalist Chris
Boardman was second in 48:53.65. Tony Rominger, a three-time winner of the
Vuelta, claimed his first career world medal, taking the bronze in 48:55.52.

SOCCER

Raul Diaz Arce's three-goal performance led D.C. United to a 4-1 win over the
Tampa Bay Mutiny in the first game of Major Soccer League's Eastern Conference
finals. Tampa Bay will host the second game of the best-of-three series Saturday
and, if necessary, the third game Wednesday. The Mutiny had the best
regular-season record (20-12) in the league, but 1998 World Cup qualifying
conflicts forced Tampa Bay to play without two starters, including talented
playmaker Carlos Valderrama. . . . Jamie Goetz had three goals and an assist as
the Clayton State women beat Wesleyan of Macon 7-0. . . . Georgia State (7-6-1)
got a pair of goals from Christine Wolff and one from Jill Mayotte in a 3-1
victory at Appalachian State.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 20, 1986 Thursday

Lemieux goals spark Penguins

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 492 words


Lemieux, with 36 goals and 105 points, has scored in 16 consecutive
 games, a career high and the longest current streak in the NHL.

Pittsburgh, 8-0-2 at home since Dec. 28, took a 1-0 lead at 6:02 of the
 first period on Lemieux's first goal. The Penguin centre intercepted a
 Dale Hawerchuk pass, skated around defenceman Bobby Dollas and flipped a
 shot past the glove of goalie Marc Behrend.

Hawerchuk tied the score at 12:11 with his 37th goal of the season.
 Hawerchuk got behind defenceman Ville Siren, took Brian Mullen's pass and
 scored on a breakaway.

John Chabot and Randy Cunneyworth put Pittsburgh ahead 3-1 with goals
 just over a minute apart later in the first period. Chabot scored his 12th
 of the season at 15:49 and Cunneyworth scored his 10th at 16:53 after Mike
 Blaisdell stole the puck from Dave Ellett.

Lemieux scored his second goal of the game at 7:52 of the third period,
 taking a pass in the slot from Mike Bullard during a power play that
 resulted from a bench penalty for delay of game against the Jets.

Troy Loney scored his first goal in 25 games for Pittsburgh this season
 at 14:43, tapping in Dan Frawley's centring pass.

The Jets, 0-8-1 on the road since Jan. 14, got a power-play goal from
 Bill Derlago with 29 seconds left in the game to close out the scoring.

The Penguins increased their lead over the New York Rangers to three
 points in the race for the final playoff spot in the Atlantic (Patrick)
 Division.
 Pittsburgh 5,
 Winnipeg 2

AT PITTSBURGH, Pa.

First period

1. Pittsburgh, Lemieux 35th, 6:02.

2. Winnipeg, Hawerchuk 37th (Mullen, Dollas) 12:11.

3. Pittsburgh, Chabot 12th (Hannan, Lindstrom) 15:49.

4. Pittsburgh, Cunneyworth 10th (Blaisdell) 16:53.

Penalties - Bullard (P) holding 2:20; Arniel (W) hooking 6:36;
 Taglianetti (W) minor- major, hooking-fighting 13:28; Frawley (P) minor-
 major, roughing-fighting 13:28; Schmidt (P) interference 18:06.

Second period

Scoring - None.

Penalties - Carlyle (W) holding 2:20; Ellett (W) hooking 4:01; Dollas
 (W) major-misconduct, fighting 11:59; Boschman (W) roughing 11:59; Loney
 (P) major-misconduct, fighting 11:59; Frawley (P) minor-misconduct,
 roughing 11:59; Boschman (W) high-sticking 16:22; Hillier (P) high-
 sticking 16:22; Turnbull (W) interference 17:02; Ellett (W) misconduct
 19:10; Hannan (P) misconduct 19:10.

Third period

5. Pittsburgh, Lemieux 36th (Bullard, Blaisdale) 7:52 (pp).

6. Pittsburgh, Looney 1st (Frawley, Johnson) 14:43.

7. Winnipeg, Derlago 9th (Smail, Arniel) 19:31 (pp).

Penalties - Winnipeg bench, served by Turnbull, delay of game 5:59;
 Turnbull (W) misconduct-game misconduct 7:52; Ellett (W) game misconduct
 7:52; Buskas (P) tripping 10:10; Siren (P) holding 17:59.

Shots on goal
 Winnipeg                                                     11 11 10 - 32
 Pittsburgh                                                   11 13 10 - 34

Goaltenders - Winnipeg: Behrend; Pittsburgh: Romano.

Referee - Kerry Fraser.

Linesmen - Pat Dapuzzo, Wayne Forsey.

Attendance - 12,558.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 26, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

Army Sexual Misconduct

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 225 words

DATELINE: EL PASO


Three Army officers at Fort Bliss have been kicked out of the military and sent
to prison for sexual misconduct, officials said.

The three, sentenced to from three months to 20 months in prison, were named in
a complaint that accused 19 officers and soldiers at the base of sexual
misconduct with female enlisted soldiers. Nine other soldiers named in the
complaint have already received administrative punishments.

"I want to make it clear that this was not a ring of offenders," Fort Bliss
spokesman Tom Collins said. "They were all separate and distinct cases."

The three officers pleaded guilty at court-martial hearings in the past few
weeks; 2nd Lt. Trevor Gordon was sentenced to 20 months in prison, Maj. Eddie
Brenham was given six months and Capt. Ivan Brown was handed a three-month term.

They were discharged from the Army and will serve their terms in Fort
Leavenworth, Kan.

Another sexual complaint at Fort Bliss led to the removal of Col. Robert Jordan,
commander of the army's Sergeant Major Academy. He was accused of sexual
misconduct with a civilian female employee.

Thirteen former and current employees have pooled together in a class-action
lawsuit against Fort Bliss, demanding $ 4 million from the base for allegedly
allowing sexual misconduct and harassment. The case is set to go to trial in
August.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday

Tom Fallis' attorney seeks grand jury records, alleges prosecutorial misconduct
by Weld District Attorney's Office

BYLINE: Joe Moylan, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 733 words


May 12--Tom Fallis' attorneys plan to file a motion requesting a Weld District
Court review of the Weld County grand jury colloquy in hopes of gaining access
to that record to later argue the Weld District Attorney's Office engaged in
prosecutorial misconduct and failed to establish probable cause for the
second-degree murder indictment.

A colloquy, according to its legal definition, can be a sidebar conversation
between a judge and an attorney that is not conducted under oath. In a grand
jury setting, it could also refer to legal advice, instructions, discussions
about scheduling and other conversations not of dire importance to the case or
public interest.

During a hearing Tuesday before Weld District Court Judge Thomas Quammen, Denver
attorney Iris Eytan told the court she suspects the colloquy contains evidence
the district attorney's office engaged in prosecutorial misconduct during the
grand jury proceedings. However, because a colloquy is not a record commonly
made available to the defense under Colorado law, Eytan must first file a motion
to have the court review the document before it can be released.

Should Quammen grant Fallis' attorney access to the grand jury colloquy, Eytan
said she intends to use it in the future to further argue Fallis' November
indictment should not stand.

Weld District Attorney Michael Rourke told the court that when his office
requested the grand jury testimony, he asked for two copies, including one
containing the colloquy in anticipation of Eytan asking for a court review. The
district attorney's office filed the colloquy with the court, Rourke said.

"I am aware of the colloquy, and I believe I have reviewed both (sets of
records)," Quammen said. "If you file a motion citing the authority that permits
an in-camera review under these circumstances, then I'll read what you have to
say, but you have an uphill battle."

Quammen set next Tuesday as the deadline for Eytan to file her motions. He also
granted the district attorney's office with 10 days to review and respond to
those motions. A two-hour hearing takes place at 8:30 a.m. July 1.

The grand jury indicted Fallis last November on suspicion of second-degree
murder in the 2012 shooting death of his wife, Ashley, at their Evans home.
Fallis was arrested days after the indictment in Bloomington, Ind., where he
moved with his three children following the initial investigation into wife's
death.

The Evans Police Department conducted that investigation and reached the
conclusion in March 2012 that Ashley's death was the result of a self-inflicted
gunshot wound to the head. Evans police reopened the investigation about a year
ago, when a neighbor stepped forward claiming he overheard Fallis confess to the
murder to his parents just days after the shooting.

Evans police turned the investigation over to the Fort Collins and Loveland
police departments, as well as hired a former FBI special agent to conduct an
internal investigation. In April, that investigation yielded a new development
that former Weld County Sheriff's Office deputy Chris Graves responded to the
shooting call and overheard Fallis admit to shooting his wife at the scene.
Graves never filed a report about what he allegedly heard. He was one of four
sheriff's office deputies who responded to the shooting.

Fort Collins was again asked to conduct an impartial investigation, which has
thus far resulted in the terminations of Graves and former deputy Brian Spencer.
A third deputy has appealed his firing and the investigation into the fourth is
ongoing, said agency spokesman Cpl. Sean Standridge.

Fallis also has launched an appeal of his bond conditions that prohibit him from
returning to Indiana to care for his children as he awaits trial in district
court. That appeal made it all the way to the Colorado Supreme Court. But the
state's highest court dismissed the case several weeks ago and sent it back to
the Colorado Court of Appeals for a ruling. The Appellate Court had not yet
issued an opinion as of Tuesday afternoon.

"If you file a motion citing the authority that permits an in-camera review
under these circumstances, then I'll read what you have to say, but you have an
uphill battle.-- Thomas Quammen, Weld District Court judge

___ (c)2015 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150512-GY-Tom-Fallis-attorney-seeks-grand-jury-records-alleges-prosecutorial-
misconduct-by-Weld-District-Attorney-s-Office-0512-20150512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2015 Greeley Tribune


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 26, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Police Dept. Taking a Harder Line on Misconduct

BYLINE: By JAYSON BLAIR

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1305 words


The New York City Police Department, long criticized as too lenient in punishing
officers accused of misconduct, has toughened its internal discipline system,
prosecuting and convicting more officers in departmental trials, department
statistics show.

To Howard Safir, the police commissioner, the jump in the number of cases
brought to trial and the conviction rate of the internal disciplinary system are
evidence of his department's expanded effort to root out wrongdoing.

Most of the new cases are a result of the department's unwillingness to offer
light plea agreements to officers for violations of department procedure,
officials said.

The cases most often include charges like assault, excessive force and sexual
harassment.

But some critics charge that the prosecutions are only an attempt to deflect
federal prosecutors in Brooklyn who have come to a preliminary conclusion that
the department too often fails to discipline officers accused of excessive
force, and that those failures have fostered a climate of brutality.

The investigation opened after the torture of Abner Louima by two officers in a
Brooklyn station house in August 1997.

Police union officials say the department's tougher line is further trampling
their members' rights in a system long criticized by officers as a star chamber
where even small infractions are punished and the outcome can be manipulated by
ranking officials.

The internal hearing system, in which police employees can face administrative
proceedings for charges ranging from not wearing white socks to murder, is known
as the trial room. The trials are actually held in wood-paneled courtrooms on
the fourth floor of headquarters at 1 Police Plaza.

Its administrative law judges are full-time Police Department employees, who
report to Rae D. Koshetz, the department's deputy commissioner for trials. The
final decision in trials rests with the police commissioner, and punishments can
range from loss of vacation time to dismissal.

Unlike a criminal trial, where the standard is beyond a reasonable doubt, an
administrative proceeding follows a standard of whether something is more likely
than not to have occurred.

The department tried slightly fewer than 100 officers each year from 1990 to
1995, compared with an average of 149 officers since Commissioner Safir took
over in 1996, department statistics show.

The conviction rate between 1990 and 1995 was about 65 percent, compared with 75
percent since 1996, officials said. Last year, the department tried 172 officers
and convicted 77 percent of them, officials said.

The increase has continued this year: the department tried 104 officers through
October and convicted 76 percent, the statistics show.

But William Goodman, the president of the Center for Constitutional Rights, a
legal advocacy group based in Manhattan, said that the increase means little
because the increase in cases tried each year represents only a small fraction
of the complaints against officers that are substantiated.

"It has gone from a drop in the bucket to a drop and a half," Mr. Goodman said
of the increase in the caseload. "There are 40,000 cops in New York, and there
are daily acts of constitutional violations by police officers."

In many ways, the department is in the position of having to defend itself from
critics who in one breath say that officials have not done enough to discipline
officers, but in the next dismiss what are apparently improvements, like the
trial room convictions and the increase in the number of Civilian Complaint
Review Board cases being prosecuted, as cosmetic.

"From the perspective of managing the department, that type of extreme criticism
on both sides suggests that we are getting it right," said George A. Grasso, the
department's deputy commissioner for legal matters.

Mr. Safir, like commissioners before him, wields tremendous influence over both
the police prosecutors and the trial room, which is overseen by Ms. Koshetz,
whose office is next to Mr. Safir's on the 14th floor of Police Headquarters.

The trial room judges hear cases brought by one of two offices, the department
advocate's office or the special prosecutor's office, that both report to one of
Mr. Safir's top aides, Patrick E. Kelleher, the department's first deputy
commissioner.

Mr. Grasso said: "From a global perspective, Commissioner Safir has made no
secret of the fact that he is a strict but fair disciplinarian. One of the main
indicators is the number of officers who have been dismissed."

Mr. Safir even brags that he has dismissed more officers, 209 over three years,
than previous commissioners.

But whether intended or merely a peripheral consequence, the trial room's new
vigor has cast long shadows over police officers, contributing to a morale
problem that is having an impact on how well they are doing their jobs, said
Patrick J. Lynch, the president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, the
department's largest union.

"A New York City police officer would rather face an armed felon than go into
the trial room," Mr. Lynch said. "In the street, many times it's a fair fight.
There never is when you go into the trial room. It's a kangaroo court."

To Mr. Lynch, the trial of Michael W. Meyer, an officer who was acquitted in a
criminal trial of attempted murder, assault and reckless endangerment charges
earlier this year in the shooting of a squeegee man near Yankee Stadium, is an
example of the department's excess.

Officer Meyer's departmental trial ended on Thursday with Ms. Koshetz, who is
also the department's chief administrative judge, saying that she hoped to
present a recommendation to Commissioner Safir by Jan. 1.

After two weeks of testimony and argument over the law and department
regulations, few police officials say they believe Officer Meyer has any chance
of escaping dismissal given the current climate, with federal prosecutors
threatening a suit against the city seeking an overhaul of the department and,
perhaps, oversight by a federal monitor.

"There are more dismissals coming out of the trial room, and the penalties are
tougher than they were in the past," said Richard J. Davis, the chairman of the
mayoral Commission to Combat Police Corruption, which plans to study the trial
room next year. "You have a lot of people looking over their shoulders, and I
think there has been a fair amount of pressure created by that."

Hugh H. Mo, a Manhattan lawyer and former deputy police commissioner for trials,
cautioned that "you've got be careful" about drawing sweeping conclusions from
the statistics, "because the department does not set the tone for discipline in
the trial room."

"The vast majority of discipline," he said, "is done out in the field with
reprimands and with plea agreements."

But Mr. Grasso said that the pleas offered officers in lieu of trial have become
tougher and that other improvements have been made to the disciplinary system.

For example, he said, the department has referred 37 complaints from the
Civilian Complaint Review Board to the city's independent Office of
Administrative Trials and Hearings through October of this year, compared with
only 31 complaints that were sent all of last year.

Eventually, the department plans to eliminate the unit that reinvestigates cases
from the civilian complaint board and send all the cases directly to trial,
officials added.

Thomas A. Repetto, the president of the Citizens Crime Commission, a police
watchdog group, said that even though "certain high-profile cases have brought
attention to police discipline," he believes "the department has a genuine
commitment to taking proper discipline actions against officers who commit
offenses."

"Is there room for improvement?" he asked. "Sure. But there is room for
improvement in everything."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "KEEPING TRACK -- Disciplining Officers"
Since Howard Safir became Police commissioner of New York City in 1996, he has
taken steps to discipline more officers for misconduct in departmental trials.

Graph tracks the total number of officers brought to trial from 1996 through
1998.

Graph tracks the total number of officers found guilty from 1996 through 1998.

Graph tracks the total number of conviction rate from 1996 through 1998.
(Source: New York Police Department, Legal Affairs Bureau)(pg. B4)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 14, 2015 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

Local Briefs

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 693 words


CU MAY CHANGE FISCAL MISCONDUCT POLICY

BOULDER The University of Colorado is considering changes to its fiscal
misconduct policy after an internal probe found that the actions of a former
club ski coach, accused of misappropriating more than $175,000 in student club
dues, did not constitute a violation under that policy.

CU's Board of Regents is taking a look at the university's definition of fiscal
misconduct, which now means that an employee's actions resulted in a loss or
damage to the university itself, the Daily Camera reports.

An audit of Palmer Hoyt, accused of supplementing his $2,100 a year CU salary
with money from a prohibited team bank account and withdrawing $50,000 after
resigning in November 2013, found that although his actions were inappropriate
and represented a breach of contract, they did not violate the fiscal misconduct
policy.

That's because he misused students' money, not the university's money, the audit
concluded. Hoyt has denied wrongdoing and claimed the university understood the
arrangement.

Meanwhile, a criminal investigation into Hoyt's actions continues, according to
officials at the Boulder County District Attorney's Office.

Fan hurt in fall at Broncos game. A fan who fell about 15 feet Sunday from the
west stands at Sports Authority Field during the Broncos game was seriously
injured.

"The man went over the railing," said Sonny Jackson, Denver police spokesman.

Denver police are investigating the fall, and there is no indication of foul
play. "It appears to be an accident," Jackson said.

Last month, a man died when he tumbled out of the upper deck of Atlanta's Turner
Field during a Yankees Braves game.

Hunter killed on Grand Mesa Grand Junction The Mesa County Sheriff's Office says
one person is dead while hunting on the Grand Mesa.

The sheriff's office says it received a call at around 8:30 a.m. Sunday about a
hunter being shot near the Big Creek Campground.

KKCO TV in Grand Junction reports that the Mesa County coroner was working to
determine the cause of death and identify the victim.

Fire reported at Anadarko plant Fort Lupton A fire broke out at the Anadarko
Petroleum plant in southern Weld County on Sunday.

The Fort Lupton Fire Protection District and the Weld County Sheriff's Office
received a call about a structure fire inside the plant at 9:25 a.m.

Anadarko spokeswoman Robin Olsen told the Greeley Tribune that no one was
injured in the fire and all employees are accounted for.

Olsen says Anadarko is investigating the cause of the fire.

The cause, damage and further details were not immediately available.

Town seeks property tax hike Jamestown Jamestown is seeking its voters' approval
of a pair of property tax increases in this fall's election.

The Jamestown Town Board of Trustees' tax proposals will be on their
constituents' fall 2015 election ballots, and the Boulder County Clerk and
Recorder's Office will begin mailing ballots in mid October.

Jamestown is asking for both a permanent and a temporary increase in its local
property tax mill levy, with the revenues to help cover the town government's
general operating expenses, according to town clerk Mary Ellen Burch.

Jamestown's town board has proposed a permanent ongoing 5 mill tax hike that is
projected to generate up to $15,250 in 2016, if voters authorize it.

Town Trustee Vic Harris said Friday that the town board is asking for that tax
increase to avoid what has become an annual practice of dipping into budget
reserves when the town's revenues from property taxes and other sources don't
cover its municipal operating expenses.

Gas and grass. The next big marijuana trend may have just hit the ground running
in Colorado Springs. Soon, people there will be able to get gas and buy weed.

According to 7News, there's a place called Gas & Grass owned by Native Roots on
the east side of the city.

The company said it is the largest medical marijuana dispensary chain in
Colorado.

Company officials wouldn't go into particulars about the new concept but told
the Colorado Springs Independent that it bought two Colorado Springs gas
stations to transform them into a gas station/dispensary business.

Denver staff and wire services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Jacobs named chairman

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 209  words


Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs is the new chairman of the NHL's board of
governors.

At a meeting in New York on Wednesday, the board also elected Tom Hicks of the
Dallas Stars as vice-chairman. Jacobs replaces Harley Hotchkiss, the Calgary
Flames owner who was chairman since 1995.

The board approved minor rule changes that will take effect in the 2007-08
season, including:

- All faceoffs must be conducted at one of the nine dots painted on the rink.
Previously, there were instances where it was up to a referee's discretion where
a face off would occur following a stoppage in play.

- Referees will be allowed assess a major penalty and a game misconduct when an
injury results from an act of interference. Previously, only a minor penalty
could be assessed for interference.

- A player will be awarded a penalty shot if he is fouled on a clear breakaway
outside his defensive zone. Previously, a penalty shot was awarded only when a
player on a clear breakaway was fouled on the attacking side of the centre line.

- The term "gross misconduct" has been eliminated from the rule book. Any act
that would have been assessed a "gross misconduct" penalty will now be a "game
misconduct" penalty. Accumulated game misconducts will lead to fines or
suspension.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Outside agency to address U.S. abuse claims;
SafeSport will work with Olympic sports groups

BYLINE: Stephen Meyers, @stemeyer, USA TODAY Network

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 382 words


U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun says a new resource to better protect
athletes will be transformational in preventing cases of sexual abuse and
streamlining the reporting process.

Olympic sports organizations starting next year will forward reports of sexual
misconduct to an outside agency -- a sweeping change intended to better protect
athletes.

After a series of lawsuits against USA Swimming alleging child sex abuse, the
U.S. Olympic Committee convened a working group in 2010 to develop
recommendations regarding misconduct in sport. That culminated last year in the
creation of the U.S. Center for SafeSport, which will open in January in Denver.
The non-profit will respond to abuse claims and implement a unified set of
policies for preventing, identifying and reporting misconduct among the 47
national governing bodies (NGBs) that oversee USOC sports.

"Sexual abuse is obviously a societal issue, not just something happening in the
world of youth sports," Blackmun said Thursday at the U.S. Olympic and
Paralympic Assembly. "But as leaders in the world of sport, we have to do
everything in our power to keep our athletes safe."

Blackmun said the USOC has committed more than $10 million to this initiative
and has required all NGBs, as a condition of membership, to implement athlete
safety policies.

Several NGBs have faced reports of sexual abuse of athletes by coaches, with USA
Gymnastics, USA Swimming, USA Taekwondo and U.S. Speedskating among them.

The Center will operate through two offices: the education and outreach office
and the response and resolution office. The response and resolution office will
investigate allegations of sexual misconduct, Blackmun said, under an
established set of policies "that will help standardize reporting requirements
and provide uniform definitions for prohibited behavior."

In August, an investigation by The Indianapolis Star revealed that top
executives at USA Gymnastics failed to alert authorities to many allegations of
sexual abuse by coaches -- relying, instead, on a policy that enabled predators
to abuse gymnasts long after the organization had received warnings.

Meyers writes for The Coloradoan, part of the USA TODAY Network. Contributing:
Rachel Axon, Joseph Cranney, Marisa Kwiatkowski, Tim Evans and Mark Alesia.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Michael Madrid, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 3, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Atlantic City Official Found Guilty of Official Misconduct

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 114 words

DATELINE: MAYS LANDING, N.J., July 2


An Atlantic City Councilman was found guilty of official misconduct and other
charges today while another Councilman and two other men were acquitted in a
city corruption case that originally had eight defendants.

A Superior Court jury found Gene Dorn guilty of official misconduct, conspiracy
to commit official misconduct and campaign contribution violations.

Councilman Walter Collette was found not guilty of official misconduct and
conspiracy. A former City Housing Director, W. Oscar Harris Jr., was found not
guilty of conspiracy to commit bribery and attempted theft by extortion. His
business partner, Robert McCurdy, was also found not guilty of the same charges.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 22, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Letter: On New York City Police;
Misconduct Findings Are Encouraging

SECTION: Section 1;   Page 18;   Column 1;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 382 words


To the Editor:

"An Inadequate Police Investigation" (editorial, July 13) says that the New York
City Police Department investigation into police misconduct in Washington had
"disappointing findings" because "only" seven officers face serious departmental
charges. I disagree.

The purpose of any investigation is to find the truth, and the findings are
encouraging. They show that the initial reports of hundreds of New York cops
running wild were greatly exaggerated. We have identified the serious offenders,
including the cops who rode naked on an escalator and the cops who set off smoke
alarms by discharging fire extinguishers.

Although there were about 9,000 police officers from other departments in
Washington, compared with fewer than 1,000 from the New York Police Department,
we were the only police department in the country to investigate the behavior of
its officers in this incident and to take action against misbehaving cops.

I take strong exception to the assertions that we were slow to investigate or
that we denied access to our report. We dispatched an investigative team to
Washington within two hours of learning of the incident. Investigating a case
250 miles from our jurisdiction, our Internal Affairs Bureau did a thorough and
professional job.

Far from denying access to the report, we made it clear at the press briefing on
our interim results that the final report will be available to the press and the
public when completed in the next several weeks.

The most serious charges proved unfounded. No police weapons were fired, no
women claim to have been groped by police officers and, except for some
disconnected fire alarms and some badly soiled carpeting, there was no extensive
property damage in the hotels. Our investigation also showed that many people
misidentified rowdy hotel guests dressed in souvenir N.Y.P.D. hats and shirts as
New York cops.

Indeed, the New York press itself made this mistake, repeatedly running photos
of cops from Rhode Island dressed in N.Y.P.D. regalia.

It is unlikely that any independent agency would have had the resources to mount
an investigation on this scale, would have moved as swiftly or aggressively, or
uncovered more.

WILLIAM J. BRATTON
Police Commissioner
New York, July 18, 1995

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                               May 9, 2014 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Privacy vs. public safety argued in clergy abuse case

BYLINE: JEAN HOPFENSPERGER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 579 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hearing begins in lawsuit over whether names of accused priests
should be revealed.


A priest's right to privacy vs. the public's right to know about sexual
misconduct claims was the subject of a court hearing Thursday pitting the Twin
Cities archdiocese against attorneys for an alleged abuse victim.

Creating a "good cause standard" for releasing the names of priests accused of
abuse was the first order of business before Special Master Judge Robert
Schumacher, recently appointed to handle disputes over the release of documents
and depositions in a lawsuit that has rocked the Archdiocese of St. Paul and
Minneapolis.

The archdiocese argued that priests' names should be made public only when there
is a "preponderance of evidence" that the priest violated sexual misconduct
laws, or that the accusation "was not false."

"What we're trying to do is balance the risk of harm to victims against the
allegations of misconduct that have no foundation or are false," said
archdiocese attorney Tom Weiser.

But Jeff Anderson, the plaintiff's attorney, argued that the names of all
priests accused of criminal sexual misconduct, or suspected of criminal
misconduct, should be public - unless the allegation is clearly false or
fabricated.

"The safety of children must come first," Anderson said.

Determining a legal standard for publicly identifying accused priests has taken
on urgency because the court has ordered the archdiocese to send thousands of
pages of documents related to clergy sexual misconduct to Anderson's office. The
names of priests in those documents are currently sealed. Anderson must make a
"good cause" argument to the court over which names should be made public.

The lawsuit driving the document flood was filed last May on behalf of "John Doe
1," a man who claimed he was abused by the Rev. Thomas Adamson even after the
priest's sexual misconduct was known to the church.

Thursday's hearing was the first

before Schumacher, a retired Minnesota Court of Appeals judge appointed by
Ramsey County District Court Judge John Van de North to address disputes over
the release of documents and depositions.

Schumacher also heard arguments on two other motions in the case. The
archdiocese asked the court for permission to interview family members of John
Doe 1, who said he was abused by Adamson in the 1970s at a church in St. Paul
Park.

Archdiocese Attorney Daniel Haws said it was important to learn whether the
problems Doe suffered in life were the result of the abuse, or whether other
family members who haven't suffered abuse "have similar issues."

But John Doe 1 has never told anyone in his family about the abuse, said
Anderson, and it could create deep fractures among siblings - which in turn
could aggravate Doe's problems.

"This would be a horror to inflict upon this family," said Anderson, "and they
might even blame themselves."

The archdiocese also asked Schumacher to permit John Doe 1 to be evaluated by
Dr. Harrison Pope, a psychiatry professor at Harvard Medical School. Pope is
known nationally for his challenges to the "repressed memory" syndrome, in which
individuals repress painful memories until they are somehow triggered and
recovered. Pope has testified in other clergy abuse lawsuits.

Schumacher said he did not expect to hand down decisions on the motions for
several weeks. Under law, he has 20 days to make a decision on each motion.

The John Doe lawsuit is the first filed since the 2013 Minnesota Legislature
created a three-year window for older cases of abuse to be heard by the courts.

Jean Hopfensperger · 612-673-4511

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 11, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

For Police Corruption Battler, a Bitter Retirement;
A 24-Year Career Marred by Ostracism for Blowing the Whistle on Misconduct

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD KRAUSS

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1139 words


In one New York police precinct station house, Capt. Gary Carey found a dead rat
in his mailbox. At another, he received a Christmas card wishing that he
contract stomach cancer. At a third station house, his locker was defaced and
graffiti on the bathroom walls asserted that he was having an affair with his
male driver.

In the last couple of years, while he was a commander in Coney Island, his
subordinates ignored his orders to arrest prostitutes and their customers, he
said -- and when he tried to make the arrests himself, they jammed his radio
calls for backup support. The tires of his cars were slashed in police precinct
parking lots so many times in his 24-year career, he said, that "I considered
buying stock in Firestone or Goodyear."

Captain Carey is about to retire from the force at the age of 44, embittered by
what he characterizes as the ostracism he faced throughout his career as a
narcotics undercover officer, corruption investigator and precinct supervisor --
all, he says, because he assiduously reported misconduct and was involved in the
arrests of a dozen corrupt officers.

Some Tough Criticism

In an interview with a reporter and in testimony to the Mollen Commission, he
complained that the Police Department's top brass gave insufficient support to
him and other disciplinarian commanders seeking to fight corruption. But he
levied his toughest criticism at the patrol officers who resist supervision and
put loyalty above ethical standards.

While he said he believes less than 5 percent of the officers in the force are
corrupt, Captain Carey concluded, "The way officers render a supervisor
ineffective is the mortar in the blue wall of silence."

Although he was not identified by name, Captain Carey's experiences were cited
last week in the Mollen Commission report on police corruption as one example of
"a number of officers who suffered the penalties of being labeled a rat." Such
labeling, the report said, was part of an institutional culture that "emboldens
corrupt cops and those susceptible to corruption."

In another case cited by the Mollen report, a detective who had served as a
corruption investigator was transferred to a precinct detective squad, where in
his first week his colleagues "made sure he knew that he would be alone on the
street." The report added that "they placed dead rats on his car windshield,
stole or destroyed his personal property and told him directly that he could not
count on them in times of danger."

In the Ninth Precinct in the East Village, anonymous letters are circulating
around the station house urging officers to resist efforts by the commanding
officer, Deputy Inspector Richard Seta, to institute better discipline in a unit
that includes several officers long suspected of using cocaine and fraternizing
with drug dealers.

Isolated From Colleagues

A senior police official and a Mollen Commission investigator who know Captain
Carey say that an eccentric personality and occasional overzealous reporting on
officers for small matters -- like taking long lunches or arriving at crime
scenes with their caps off -- helped isolate him from colleagues. But they say
his bad experiences were not unusual.

Robert A. Machado, a Mollen Commission investigator and former Police Department
lieutenant who knew Captain Carey in high school, said the officer "is not a
diplomat." But he added, "If the department had more Gary Careys, you wouldn't
have these problems."

The senior police official, who spoke on condition that he would not be
identified, said: "There are all sorts of things officers will do to a guy who
they think is cooperating with investigations. They ostracize, and leave cheese
around."

Mr. Carey's problems began soon after he joined the department. At the Police
Academy, he said, he agreed to become an Internal Affairs Division corruption
informer, and made the mistake of telling his classmates.

"I thought everybody would say yes," he recalled, "I was naive, to put it
bluntly. Word got out, and from then on people were reluctant to work with me
because they thought I would report them."

His reputation as a "rat," he said, was further burnished in his first
assignments as a narcotics investigator in Queens and Brooklyn during the
1970's. His squads arrested more than a dozen police officers, and the cases
included a widely publicized one in which a mounted officer smoked and sold
marijuana while patrolling Central Park in uniform.

Reputation Preceded Him

According to Captain Carey, his reputation for making those arrests, as well as
for reporting on a fellow officer in Harlem for requesting that he tear up a
summons issued to a friend, preceded him in every subsequent precinct
assignment.

In the meantime, Internal Affairs received more than a dozen anonymous
complaints of impropriety by Mr. Carey in the 1970's that were determined to be
unfounded or unsubstantiated, department records show. He said the wording of
the complaints, much of it in police jargon, indicated that the complaints came
from fellow police officers trying to damage his career.

Mr. Carey was promoted to lieutenant in 1987 and to captain in 1989, at the age
of 39. Reflecting his success, Captain Carey and his family drive a new
Bonneville and live in a small but comfortable house in Bellerose, Queens, with
a swimming pool in the backyard.

But for all his success, Captain Carey says he wishes the department had backed
him up more strongly when he was faced with resistance from subordinates. In the
early 1980's, as a sergeant in the 70th Precinct in central Brooklyn, he and his
family were harassed with late-night telephone calls that included threats of
violence because he disciplined officers for being late and drinking on the job.

Just as the department was about to track the calls electronically, he said, the
precinct commander warned his officers publicly to stop harassing the Careys,
which prevented the offenders from being traced.

Fingerprints on Card

In late 1991, as the executive officer in the precinct covering Coney Island,
Captain Carey received the offending Christmas card, which included vulgar
inscriptions in several different handwritings. Complaining that the card was
sent in retaliation to his efforts to improve discipline, he sent the card to
the Internal Affairs Division for inspection, and two fingerprints were found on
the card aside from his own.

But rather than find the officers who sent the card, "they said they did not
have the resources to investigate," Captain Carey said. "That's how the
department backs their supervisors."

He said he regrets leaving just as Police Commissioner William J. Bratton is
moving against corrupt and undisciplined police officers, but he added, "At
least my tire bills will go way down."

NAME: Gary Carey

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 13, 1994, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

An article on Monday about a New York City police supervisor who said he had
been ostracized for reporting corruption misstated the location of a precinct
where the supervisor, Capt. Gary Carey, received a Christmas card with offensive
messages. The precinct was in the Midwood-Flatbush area of Brooklyn, not in
Coney Island.


GRAPHIC: Photo: Capt. Gary Carey, who has been ostracized because, he says, he
reported misconduct and was involved in the arrests of a dozen corrupt officers.
(Rebecca Cooney for The New York Times)(pg. B3)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 11, 2001 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judge Dismisses Ex-Troopers' Bias Lawsuit

BYLINE:  By DAVID M. HERSZENHORN

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 569 words


Ruling in favor of the New York State Police, a federal judge has dismissed a
lawsuit in which three former state troopers alleged that they were the victims
of discrimination when they were fired for misconduct in 1993.

The three troopers, all Hispanic men, were fired after a fight with local police
officers in Mount Vernon, N.Y., in December 1992 while the troopers were off
duty. The fight began at a topless bar where the troopers had been drinking.

The troopers, William Aguirre and Michael Petry of Troop T in Albany and Miguel
A. Valle Jr. of Troop K in Poughkeepsie, were fired in June 1993 after being
found guilty of misconduct during internal state police administrative hearings.

In 1994, the troopers sued, contending that their punishment was more severe
than that of five other troopers, all white, who had been found guilty of
misconduct in separate incidents and punished, but not fired.

On Thursday, Judge Deborah A. Batts of United States District Court in Manhattan
ruled that the troopers' case was without merit. In her decision, Judge Batts
cited many instances in which the three troopers had been cited for misconduct
before the incident in Mount Vernon.

The judge also ruled that the three troopers had engaged in misconduct more
serious than that of the five white troopers cited in the lawsuit.

In her decision, Judge Batts wrote, "None of the white officers engaged in a
violent altercation with local uniformed police in a public place; were alleged
to have directed obscene, sexist or foul language to other local uniformed
police; threatened the misuse of power against local police; nor engaged in
violent, tumultuous or combative behavior in a police station house.

"While each of the white officers noted above may have brought discredit to the
New York State Police," Judge Batts added, "none of them created a comparable
level of friction between state troopers and a local police department."

A lawyer for one trooper said he disagreed with the decision. "We obviously felt
that we had a viable case," said Robert J. Valli Jr. who represented Mr. Valle.
"We felt that there was certainly discrimination occurring in the state police.
It's unfortunate that Judge Batts didn't see it that way." Mr. Valle died in the
mid-1990's, but his estate continued the lawsuit. Mr. Valli said an appeal was
unlikely.

According to findings of fact in earlier legal proceedings that were recounted
by Judge Batts, the three troopers attended a party on Dec. 12, 1992, with other
state police officers, then left for Sue's Rendezvous, a topless bar in Mount
Vernon where they spent much of the night drinking. An employee at the bar
noticed that one of the off-duty troopers had a concealed weapon.

A uniformed Mount Vernon police officer responded to a call from two off-duty
Mount Vernon detectives who were also at the bar that night. When the uniformed
officer approached the off-duty troopers and asked Mr. Valle to step outside, a
fight broke out.

The hostilities continued at Mount Vernon Police Headquarters, where the
troopers cursed the local officers and "engaged in further aggressive and
antagonistic behavior" according to Judge Batts's decision.

At one point, Mr. Petry threatened to take revenge on the Mount Vernon officers
if he spotted them on state highways. At another point, Mr. Aguirre grabbed a
Mount Vernon police sergeant by the arm and made obscene remarks to her.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       OCTOBER 7, 2000 Saturday D EDITION

NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 961 words


IN THE NATION Baltimore policeman accused of misconduct

The FBI is investigating a Baltimore police officer accused of making up
drug-possession charges against a burglary suspect, and prosecutors say the case
could dismantle up to 20 other pending drug cases. The state's top public
defender has also ordered a review of all past convictions in which defendants
alleged police misconduct. Officer Brian L. Sewell, 31, was arrested Wednesday
and charged with perjury and misconduct. He was placed on administrative duty
pending his court case.

Pipeline company denies pollution charges

One of the nation's biggest oil-pipeline companies pleaded not guilty yesterday
to charges it violated federal air-pollution laws in Texas. Koch Industries Inc.
and its subsidiary Koch Petroleum Group were indicted last week on 97 felony
charges linked to problems involving the cancer-linked pollutant benzene at a
plant in Corpus Christi. Four Koch employees also pleaded not guilty.

Gay-rights group to pressure school districts

A gay-rights group plans to lobby school districts across the country to stop
sponsoring Boy Scout troops unless the organization reverses its ban on gays.
The initiative is a centerpiece of the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education
Network's annual conference, which began yesterday in the Chicago suburb of
Arlington Heights. "We recognize the right of people to disagree with us and
disagree with our positions," said Gregg Shields, national spokesman for the Boy
Scouts of America. "We simply ask those people to have tolerance of our values
and our beliefs."

Activists sue L.A. over convention arrests

More than two dozen animal-rights activists arrested during the Democratic
National Convention in Los Angeles are suing the city and police department,
charging their civil rights were violated. The suit seeking undetermined damages
and attorney fees was filed in U.S. District Court on Sept. 29 on behalf of 29
people arrested in an anti-fur rally. Alleged abuses listed including being
strip-searched. The police department declined comment.

Roof of school gym collapses in Cleveland

The roof of a Cleveland high school gym collapsed yesterday, slightly injuring
three students on a running track one floor below. A teacher said the gym had
been closed days earlier because of a cracked beam. The school was evacuated and
students were sent home for the day.

Airline settles case of stranded passengers

United Airlines yesterday agreed to a settlement for 168 passengers stranded in
a plane on a runway as the result of a 1997 Christmas Eve snowstorm. The
out-of-court settlement - providing each passenger $500 cash, an unrestricted
$500 travel voucher, and reimbursement for expenses incurred because of the
incident - was announced in Cook County (Ill.) Circuit Court, where the
passengers had sued the carrier seeking compensation. The flight was headed for
Chicago, but a snowstorm forced it to land in Milwaukee, where the plane sat on
the runway for more than five hours. Passengers alleged that they had no food or
water and that the toilets stopped working.

IN THE WORLD Strong quake rocks southwest Japan

A 7.3-magnitude earthquake jolted a wide swath of Japan's hilly southwest
yesterday, injuring dozens of people, knocking boulders down hillsides, and
throwing groceries off supermarket shelves. The midday quake was the country's
strongest in at least five years. Japan's National Police said 39 people were
injured in the quake, which was centered 315 miles southwest of Tokyo. None of
the injuries was reported to be life-threatening.

Vandals attack Berlin synagogue

A Berlin synagogue was vandalized yesterday, the second such attack in Germany
this week as the country tries to fight a wave of hate crime. Authorities said
stones were thrown at the building, breaking two outer windows but leaving the
multicolored stained glass beneath them unharmed. City officials said a search
for suspects had begun, but there were no immediate leads.

Russia sets spy hearings for Pa. businessman

A Moscow court will open espionage hearings for U.S. businessman Edmond Pope on
Oct. 18 and has rejected his request for a jury trial, his lawyer said
yesterday. Pope, 54, of State College, Pa., has been held since April 3 on
allegations he bought plans for a high-speed torpedo. This week, Russian
prosecutors said they had officially charged him with spying.

Court bars leader from Ivory Coast election

Ivory Coast's Supreme Court yesterday barred opposition leader Alassane Ouattara
from seeking the presidency of the West African country, raising fears of
clashes between his supporters and troops supporting the military government.
Judge Kone Tia approved five candidates to seek the presidency in Oct. 22
elections, including Gen. Robert Guei, leader of the junta that now governs the
country.

Afghan war to pause for polio immunizations

Afghanistan's warring factions have agreed to two cease-fires to allow the
United Nations to immunize Afghan children against polio, the United Nations
announced yesterday. The ruling Taliban and the opposition, locked in a bitter
battle in northern Afghanistan, said they would stop fighting from Oct. 10-12
and Nov. 13-15. The United Nations hopes to immunize 5.3 million children during
the cease-fires.

Russian lawmakers approve balanced budget

The lower house of Russia's parliament approved the government's proposed 2001
budget on the first reading yesterday, despite complaints by some lawmakers that
it was too stringent and should have included more funds for social programs. If
approved by both houses and signed by President Vladimir V. Putin, it will be
Russia's first balanced budget since the demise of the Soviet Union in 1991.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 14, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Nov. 7-13: Scientific Misconduct;
Study Says Cheating Is Not So Rare

BYLINE: By PHILIP J. HILTS

SECTION: Section 4; Page 2; Column 2; Week In Review Desk

LENGTH: 222 words


Scientists have long said they adhere to special standards of honesty and
integrity -- a claim that has been undermined in recent years by one celebrated
misconduct case after another.

Last week, charges against Dr. Robert C. Gallo, co-discoverer of the H.I.V.
virus, were dropped. At the same time, the first large-scale study of misconduct
suggested that it was far from a rare phenomena. Researchers from the Acadia
Institute in Maine and the University of Minnesota had 2,600 scientists and
students at 99 universities fill out detailed questionnaires.

In the study, 43 percent of students and 50 percent of faculty members reported
direct knowledge of more than one kind of misconduct in their labs. Between 6
and 9 percent said they had direct personal knowledge of the worst kinds of
cheating -- faking data or stealing the work of others. One-third of faculty
members said they had direct evidence of serious misconduct on the part of
students.

Ninety-four percent of faculty believed they should take some responsibility for
the actions of their colleagues. But only 13 percent said they did so to any
great extent. The survey suggested a reason: 53 percent of students and 26
percent of faculty believed they would experience retaliation if they reported
misconduct by a faculty member.   PHILIP J. HILTS

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                               May 3, 2002 Friday

8 area cities on alleged priest sex misconduct list

BYLINE: MATT KRUPNICK

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


San Bernardino police detectives said Friday they would alert police in Fontana,
Ontario and Montclair and have alerted law-enforcement agencies in Colton,
Highland, Victorville, Corona and Riverside of alleged sexual misconduct by
Catholic priests in their cities.

The San Bernardino Police Department, which last week received from the Diocese
of San Bernardino a list of 22 allegations covering the past 50 years, faxed the
accusations to the cities in which the incidents reportedly occurred.

Those cities stretched from Hollywood to Indiana.

San Bernardino police are also deciding where to send an accusation of
misconduct that took place in Massachusetts.

Fontana, Montclair and Ontario police said Friday evening they had not seen the
advisories yet but that such accusations would be investigated.

"We would take all allegations like that seriously,' Fontana police Lt. Rod
Jones said. "That's a serious felony.'

San Bernardino police have not specified the nature of the accusations, saying
only they involved sexual misconduct.

The allegations come as Catholic churches around the country are under intense
scrutiny for neglecting to turn over accused priests to the police.

The alerts also follow Thursday's arrest in San Diego of the Rev. Paul Shanley,
who was sent to serve in San Bernardino in 1990 after being accused of molesting
children in Massachusetts.

A spokesman for the Los Angeles Archdiocese also said Friday that a Pomona
priest arrested last week on suspicion of molesting two Fontana girls was also
accused of misconduct by a woman around the same time the Fontana case was
reported.

Archdiocese spokesman Tod Tamberg said a woman called a Catholic Church hotline
to report misconduct by the Rev. Honesto Bismonte, 72, within 24 hours of the
alleged child molestation being reported.

Details of the adult's accusation were not being released, Tamberg said, and
church officials had no plans to investigate the claim.

"If it's involving an adult, then the person who makes the complaint is urged to
make the contact to the police themselves,' he said. "It's the authorities who
determine by interviewing somebody whether a crime has been committed.'

Tamberg would not say where the alleged misconduct took place or whether it was
the same incident as a 10-year-old groping accusation against Bismonte, an
associate pastor at St. Joseph Catholic Church in Pomona, that was made by a
Gardena woman last week.

A Los Angeles County district attorney's spokeswoman said this week prosecutors
would not press charges in that case because the six-year statute of limitations
had passed.

Writer Matt Krupnick can be reached at [909] 483-9355.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Fix teacher background checks;
USA TODAY NETWORK investigation reveals dangerous gaps, patchwork system

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 709 words


ou'd think that teachers would undergo the most rigorous background checks of
just about any profession. But you'd be wrong.

The system, run by states and local school districts, is a patchwork of
inconsistent and often porous processes that have allowed thousands of teachers
with misconduct records -- including 1,400 whose licenses had been revoked -- to
fall through the cracks, and sometimes right into another classroom.

Many disciplined teachers have discovered that getting back into a classroom is
as easy as moving to another state, a USA TODAY NETWORK investigation found. The
year-long probe, led by reporter Steve Reilly, uncovered many troubling
situations, including:

Dallas-area middle school math teacher Stanley Kendall lost his Texas teacher's
license in 2008, after he showed up on NBC's To Catch a Predator, on which he
allegedly tried to solicit sex from a young boy in one of the program's stings.
Still, Kendall was able to get work as a substitute teacher in Indiana. He lost
the job only after someone saw a rerun of the show and notified his school.
Kendall said that Texas did not have the grounds to revoke his license, but that
he lacked the money to fight it.

Alexander Stormer -- a teacher with a long string of misconduct allegations in
Georgia, including sending text messages with naked photos to a female student
-- also held teacher licenses in North and South Carolina. After leaving
Georgia, he taught in Charlotte, N.C., until the Asheville Citizen-Times, part
of the USA TODAY NETWORK, inquired about Stormer's record.

Reva Diane Inabnett resigned from a Florida school district after she was
charged with battery for allegedly shoving a 6-year-old. Her license was
suspended. She returned to Louisiana, where she was also licensed, and taught
there until earlier this month when USA TODAY called about its investigation.
Inabnett said she erred in judgment in Florida and it was exaggerated.

While many flaws exist in teacher credentialing and hiring systems, one of the
most serious gaps is the lack of a mandatory national database of teacher
license suspensions, revocations and other serious misconduct findings. Instead,
states voluntarily turn this data over to a clearinghouse run by the National
Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification, a small
non-profit group.

But some states fail to follow through: Names of about 9,000 educators who were
disciplined were missing from the database in the past year, including 200 whose
licenses were revoked because of allegations of sexual or physical abuse. "We
dropped the ball," a Texas Education Agency spokesman admitted about its missing
information.

Equally problematic, at least three states -- Indiana, Nebraska and New Mexico
-- do not always check the database when applications for teachers' licenses are
reviewed. The Indiana Department of Education checks if it already has
information about another state's action against an applicant, an absurd way to
run a background investigation. Isn't the point to discover whether an applicant
is withholding negative information? The only way to do that is to check 100% of
the time.

Other problems plague the systems. While all states require a criminal
background check on applicants, not all serious misconduct rises to a criminal
level. So more is needed. Further, 11 states do not run criminal checks before
granting a license, leaving the task to local districts, where checks can be
less stringent.

Another dangerous practice: Some states let schools settle disciplinary cases
confidentially, which leaves teachers free to transfer and puts more children at
risk. A new federal law prohibits aiding the transfer of a teacher involved in
sexual misconduct.

Since the investigation was published last week, the non-profit clearinghouse
announced that it will direct states to audit their submissions and validate
their accuracy and completeness. Some states have also gone back to correct
their own mistakes. Both actions are helpful.

Serious misconduct involves just a tiny fraction of the nation's millions of
teachers. But consistent, sensible and strict systems are needed to ensure that
such teachers cannot simply move to a different state and new classroom to put
more children at risk.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           August 14, 1993, Saturday

NATION IN BRIEF Naval officer charged in Tailhook affair

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 9

LENGTH: 562 words


The Navy formally charged a third officer Friday in the Tailhook scandal. Lt.
Cole V. Cowden, 32, was served with a copy of the charges and will face a
court-martial, said Navy spokesman Cmdr. John Tull. Commander Tull declined to
release the specific charges against Lieutenant Cowden, saying they will be
detailed during the legal proceedings. Lieutenant Cowden is assigned to a flight
squadron at Norfolk Naval Air Station in Virginia, Commander Tull said.

Two other Navy officers have been ordered to undergo courts-martial as a result
of the Pentagon's investigation of the 1991 Tailhook Association meeting in Las
Vegas, Nev., where dozens of women said they were molested by drunken naval
aviators. Cmdr. Gregory E. Tritt, 43, is charged with assault, conduct
unbecoming an officer and making a false official statement under oath. He will
have a hearing Wednesday on pretrial motions but has not yet entered a plea.
Commander Tritt's commanding officer, Cmdr. Thomas R. Miller, 47, pleaded
innocent Tuesday to charges of dereliction of duty, conduct unbecoming an
officer and obstruction of justice.

-SECOND MAN GUILTY IN CARJACKING DEATH: The second of two men charged with
dragging a Maryland woman to her death during a carjacking was convicted in a
case that helped prompt Congress to declare the crime a felony. Rodney Solomon
was found guilty of first-degree murder and six other counts, making him
eligible for the death penalty. The penalty phase of the trial hasn't been
scheduled. The Baltimore County Circuit Court jury in Towson deliberated five
hours before reaching its verdict. In closing argument, the prosecution stressed
witnesses' testimony that Solomon pulled Pam Basu from her car and drove away
with her arm entangled in the seat belt, dragging her 1 1/2 miles. Prosecutor
Michael Rexroad had urged the jury to find the 27-year-old Washington, D.C., man
guilty of first-degree premeditated murder.

-ALLEN VISITS WITH SON, 5: Woody Allen visited his 5-year-old son, Satchel, in
Dublin, Ireland, after a New York state judge ordered Mia Farrow to let Mr.
Allen see the boy. Mr. Allen had traveled to Ireland specifically to see
Satchel, whom he is entitled to see three times a week according to the judge's
ruling at the couple's recent trial in which Ms. Farrow was given custody of
Satchel. He had not seen the boy since last month, when Ms. Farrow took him and
his sister Dylan, 8, and brother Moses, 15, to Ireland, where Ms. Farrow is
making a movie, according to Mr. Allen's spokeswoman, Leslee Dart.

-OFFICERS' CASE GOES TO JURY: A former Detroit police officer testified that he
never hit Malice Green, nor did he see his ex-partner strike him. If that's
true, a prosecutor mockingly said, then Mr. Green beat himself to death, or
"aliens" did it. After Wayne County Assistant Prosecutor Kym Worthy's closing
argument in the second-degree murder trial of former Officer Walter Budzyn, a
jury began deliberating his fate. A second jury deciding the case against Larry
Nevers, Mr. Budzyn's former partner, also began deliberating. If convicted of
second-degree murder, the former officers could face life in prison. If jurors
convict them of lesser charges of manslaughter, they could face up to 15 years
each. A third fired officer, Robert Lessnau, is charged with felony assault in
the Nov. 5 death.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932270032

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          November 23, 2016, Wednesday

SPORTS Briefs

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P2B

LENGTH: 595 words


UW up to 5th, Louisville drops in CFP rankings

Alabama, Ohio State, Michigan and Clemson held the top four spots in the College
Football Playoff rankings for the second straight week and Washington moved up a
spot to fifth this week.

Wisconsin is sixth in the selection committee rankings released Tuesday night.
Louisville was the team that took a big drop. The Cardinals fell from fifth to
11th after losing at Houston.

Ohio State and Michigan play Saturday in Columbus, Ohio, and the loser is likely
to be out of the playoff race. The Wolverines would move on the Big Ten
championship game by beating the Buckeyes. The Buckeyes, though, need help to
reach the conference title game.

Unbeaten Alabama meets Auburn on Saturday, but the Crimson Tide has already
clinched a spot in the SEC title game.

Notre Dame ordered to vacate wins after misconduct

SOUTH BEND, Ind. - The NCAA announced Tuesday that it has ordered Notre Dame to
vacate all 21 victories from the 2012-13 seasons, including the 12-0 run that
vaulted the Fighting Irish into the national title game against Alabama, because
a former student athletic trainer committed academic misconduct by doing
substantial course work for two players and impermissibly helped six others.

The school ripped the NCAA for its decision to strip the wins, which included
the best season of coach Brian Kelly's tenure in charge of the storied program.
The school said it would appeal and The Rev. John Jenkins, the university
president, said the NCAA has never before vacated the records of a school that
had no involvement in the underlying academic misconduct. He also noted the NCAA
has since voted to change the rule that brought this case under NCAA
jurisdiction rather than leaving it individual schools.

Ramirez, Rodriguez on Hall ballot with Guerrero

NEW YORK - Steroids-tainted stars Manny Ramirez and Ivan Rodriguez are on
baseball's Hall of Fame ballot for the first time along with Vladimir Guerrero.

Jeff Bagwell is the top holdover on the 2017 Baseball Writers' Association of
America 34-player ballot announced Monday. He fell 15 votes short of the
required 75 percent in 2016 voting.

Ramirez was suspended for 50 games in 2009 while with the Los Angeles Dodgers
for using a banned female fertility drug. He retired in 2011 rather than face a
100-game suspension after testing positive for a performance-enhancing
substance. He applied for reinstatement that December, and his suspension for
the second failed test was cut from 100 games to 50 because he sat out nearly
all of the 2011 season.

No. 1 Notre Dame moves game after power outage

HOUSTON - In one of the most bizarre scenarios imaginable at a major sporting
event, top-ranked Notre Dame and Louisiana-Lafayette were forced to switch
venues in the middle of their game due to a power outage.

The teams were playing at the Campbell Center when a power outage caused a long
delay in the second quarter on Tuesday night. After calling around to local
schools, the rest of the contest will resume at Rice University, about 30
minutes away from the original venue. The teams will pick up where they left
off, with 2:38 left in the second quarter and the Irish up 38-17.

The game was stopped when the lights in the arena shut off and a couple flashes
of light could be seen behind loading dock doors in the corner of the arena.
Emergency lights came on in the arena soon after.

Both teams were sent to the locker rooms with several pops and flashes heard and
seen intermittently.

With the game set to resume at Rice at 10 p.m., fans were told they weren't
allowed to attend.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Disabled Man Accuses Nurse Of Sexual Abuse

BYLINE: VALERIE KALFRIN, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 626 words


OFFER OF AID LED TO INCIDENT, POLICE SAY

By VALERIE KALFRIN

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - A licensed practical nurse who chatted with a mentally disabled man at
Adventure Island about a medical condition is charged with sexual battery after
promising to treat the man's condition with lotion, police said.

Tampa police on Tuesday charged Richard Chotiner, 46, with two felony counts of
sexual battery and one felony count of kidnapping. He was being held without
bail Wednesday at Orient Road Jail.

The man police say Chotiner abused has the learning ability of a fourth- or
fifth-grader and suffers from neurofibromatosis, a disorder of the nervous
system that causes tumors, skin changes and bone deformities, sex-crimes
Detective Mark Sutkoff said.

Chotiner struck up a conversation with him April 28 at Adventure Island by
recognizing the man's condition, Sutkoff said. The 23-year-old lives with his
family in Hillsborough County but has tried very hard to be independent and was
alone that day, Sutkoff said.

Chotiner's roommate, Justin Fernandez, said Wednesday that he drove Chotiner to
the water park on April 28 because Chotiner had been charged with driving under
the influence in January. He remembered Chotiner starting a conversation with
the disabled man. "When he took off his shirt, Richard started talking like,
'Oh, you have sores. I'm a nurse. I can make it better,'" Fernandez said.

Chotiner suggested the man come home with them to apply lotion to the sores, but
the man declined, Fernandez said. However, the 23-year-old said he would return
to the water park the following day.

The next day, Chotiner, who lives near Adventure Island and Busch Gardens, saw
the 23-year-old walking through the neighborhood. He told Fernandez to give the
23-year-old and him a ride to Adventure Island, where they spent the day and
then returned to Chotiner's home at 8910 N. 39th St.

There, Chotiner instructed the 23-year-old to shower, then offered to "put
medicinal lotion" on his "cysts" in a bedroom, according to a criminal report
affidavit. Chotiner held the other man down, fondled him and performed a sex act
on him, the affidavit said.

Fernandez said he was outside at the time and did not know what occurred.
Chotiner told him to drive the 23-year-old to a bus stop outside Tampa, where he
could meet his mother and go home. As the 23-year-old left, Fernandez said,
"Richard grabbed his right shoulder and gave him a kiss on the head."

Sutkoff said the 23-year-old immediately reported what happened. He directed
police to the area where Chotiner lived but could not pinpoint the house.
Investigation through Adventure Island helped identify Chotiner, said Sutkoff,
who did not elaborate.

State records show Chotiner has been licensed since 1994. His license expires in
July. Jail records list his job as "Life Concepts - Quest," but Sutkoff said he
had not been able to verify the employment.

The 23-year-old is seeking counseling through his church, Sutkoff said. "He's an
incredible person. So genuine. Very articulate," he said.

Fernandez, who also is 23, said had he known what was happening that day, "I'd
have called the police." He said he has lived with Chotiner for about seven
months. "It's the only place I have to stay," he said, adding he was not sure
what to do now. "I'm really disgusted. Being in this house really bothers me."

A woman who answered the door at Chotiner's parents' home declined to comment.

Reporter Mari Robyn Jones contributed to this report. Reporter Valerie Kalfrin
can be reached at (813) 259-7800 or vkalfrin@tampatrib.com

Photo: Richard Chotiner

He's held a Florida nursing license since 1994, state records show.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Sjodin's killer questions juror conduct in death penalty sentencing

BYLINE: STEVE WAGNER Forum News Service

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 560 words


FARGO - The man sentenced to death for the 2003 kidnapping and murder of Dru
Sjodin is claiming juror misconduct during his trial.

Next month, a federal judge is set to hear arguments related to a 2011 motion by
attorneys for Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. His lawyers filed a habeas corpus motion
outlining reasons the former Crookston, Minn., man should not be executed and
now appear to claim juror misconduct during his trial.

Rodriguez, 62, remains on death row at a federal maximum security prison in
Terre Haute, Ind.

The court docket shows Rodriguez's attorneys are claiming juror misconduct, but
documents detailing the allegation, including prosecutors' response to it, are
sealed in advance of a Sept. 8 hearing before U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson
in Fargo.

A single docket entry from June notes prosecutors responding to "alleged juror
misconduct." The paperwork responds to documents filed by defense attorneys in
March.

Attorneys for Rodriguez also are requesting "temporary and partial closure" of
the upcoming court hearing, which was set to address the pending habeas corpus
motion, considered a last resort appeal to overturn Rodriguez's death sentence.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his earlier appeals.

In the latest arguments, death penalty attorneys claim Rodriguez didn't receive
effective counsel at trial, was insane at the time of the crime and that he is
mentally diminished, making him ineligible for the death penalty.

Richard Ney, a death penalty expert, was among the defense attorneys appointed
to represent Rodriguez before and during the 2006 trial. Ney and West Fargo
attorney Robert Hoy, a former Cass County state's attorney, filed a litany of
motions prior to the trial, including claims Rodriguez was mentally diminished.

In 2003, Rodriguez stabbed and kidnapped Sjodin, a Pequot Lakes, Minn., native
attending the University of North Dakota, while she talked on a cellphone in a
Grand Forks mall parking lot. An extensive search ensued, and five months later
she was found dead in a rural ravine near Crookston.

A jury of seven women and five men unanimously convicted Rodriguez, a known sex
offender with a 32-year history of attacking women, and recommended he should be
put to death by lethal injection.

The trial marked the first-ever federal death penalty case in North Dakota,
which abolished the state's capital punishment law in 1973. The death sentence
also marked the first time in more than 90 years that a defendant had been
ordered to death in any case within the state.

The Rodriguez trial featured three phases: guilt, eligibility for the death
penalty and the sentence.

In the final phase, it took three votes for jurors to reach a unanimous verdict
to recommend the death penalty sentence, which Erickson later ordered to be done
in South Dakota.

Afterward, juror Arlys Carter said the first two votes came back 11-1 for death,
with one person being a "question mark." A third vote brought the unanimous
decision.

"I think he changed his mind on his own," Carter said at the time. "He wouldn't
have gone along with the group."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Keith Reisenauer said Thursday he could not comment
about the pending motion and claims.

"Until I know what's going on, I'm not going to comment," said Luke Lillehaugen,
one of the jurors for the trial. Attempts to reach nine of the other were
unsuccessful Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

Attorney faces discipline for misconduct in Arizona

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 518  words


An attorney is in danger of seeing his Wisconsin law license suspended in
response to the suspension of his Arizona license.

According to a complaint filed on Tuesday by the Office of Lawyer Regulation,
Arizona attorney Stephen Manion failed to report that his Arizona license had
been suspended in March over two counts of misconduct involving a client who was
an inmate.

The misconduct included Manion's allowing his client to communicate from jail by
using an intermediary who Manion knew had been convicted of fraud. The actions
resulted in his client losing money, according to the complaint.

Also, Manion helped another inmate client collect a share of an inheritance by
circumventing prison rules, breaking various trust-account rules in the process
and causing that client also to lose money.

In response to the misconduct, the Arizona Supreme Court suspended Manion's
license for 6 months and one day.

The OLR's complaint asked that the Wisconsin Supreme Court impose reciprocal
discipline on Manion.

Manion, who practices in Laveen, Ariz., has requested that his license to
practice law be resigned, according to the State Bar of Wisconsin website. He
was licensed to practice law in Wisconsin in 1998, and the Wisconsin Supreme
Court has not previously disciplined him, according to the OLR website.

However, Manion's troubles did not start in Arizona. When Manion applied for
admission in 1994, the Board of Bar Examiners declined to let him practice law
in the state. As reason for its decision, the board cited his history of
cocaine, heroin and alcohol abuse while he was working as corporate counsel and
a manager for a company in Buffalo, N.Y., and while he was in private practice.

Manion appealed the decision. In 1995, the Wisconsin Supreme Court denied his
application for the same reasons. At the same time, the justices told him he
could try for admission again if he spent two years abstaining from alcohol or
drugs, submitted to random monthly drug tests and attended treatment programs.

Manion initially landed in Wisconsin in part as an attempt to control his
substance abuse, according to court documents. While working for Delaware North
Companies from 1983 to 1990, he became addicted to drugs and alcohol, causing
him to ask for a transfer to Wisconsin.

In November 1990, he started working as an operations manager at Fox Valley
Greyhound Park in Kaukauna, but his alcohol addiction continued. He was arrested
in 1991 for drunken driving and later checked himself into a rehabilitation
program at Fox Valley Hospital in Green Bay, according to court documents.

When the park shut down after going bankrupt in 1993, Manion returned to New
York and worked in private practice but started using cocaine again and
attempted to get treatment, returning to Green Bay for treatment in 1994. Around
that time, he applied for permission to take the Wisconsin bar exam, passed and
petitioned for admission.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 30, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

No easy cure for misconduct in medical research

BYLINE: Doug Levy

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 585 words


The revelation that a Canadian researcher falsified data in a key breast cancer
study has prompted some serious introspection among medical researchers and the
scientific community.

Some concerns:

-- Are existing review methods sufficient to detect scientific fraud?

-- Are complaints about misconduct handled effectively?

-- Are there incentives for scientists to raise questions about studies or to
voice complaints about a colleague's misconduct?

Questions about how the National Cancer Institute handled the breast cancer
study fraud have already prompted change: NCI clinical trial leaders now must
agree to investigate fraud swiftly and to report findings publicly as a
condition of their grants.

"What we're talking about here is fixing (the) process," says Dr. Bruce Chabner,
director of the NCI's Division of Cancer Treatment.

The NCI also has reportedly asked the University of Pittsburgh to replace the
breast cancer study's leader, Dr. Bernard Fisher.

But those who have called attention to concerns about research integrity say the
process isn't the only problem: The system is stacked against them.

The reward for blowing the whistle on a scientist's misconduct frequently is
ostracism or even loss of research funding or employment:

-- A patient in a National Institutes of Health drug trial who complained
publicly of side effects had his free medical care cut off; five patients in the
trial died from side effects that weren't caught soon enough.

-- A postdoctoral researcher who discovered altered laboratory notes was labeled
a malcontent and lost her job. Five years later, the senior author of the
questioned report, Nobel laureate Dr. David Baltimore, retracted the scientific
paper and resigned as president of Rockefeller University.

-- University of California, San Francisco, biomedical researcher Kathryn Milam
gave up on her scientific career after higher-ups ignored problems she raised in
earlier brain tumor research. She went on to law school instead.

-- Physicist Walter Stewart and Dr. Ned Feder, two NIH scientists who
investigated misconduct allegations and frequently stirred up sharp criticism,
had their jobs abruptly changed after one of their targets complained to an
influential senator.

Lyle Bivens, director of the Public Health Service's Office of Research
Integrity, says there needs to be "a heightened sense of responsibility on the
part of people to report" alleged misconduct. But that will require protection
for whistle-blowers, he says.

Speaking out against a colleague, even with all the facts, "will end the career"
of a junior scientist, Feder says. He admits that an essential characteristic of
a whistle-blower is naivete.

"They believe in the system," even though it doesn't really work, Stewart says.

The scientific establishment will discuss these issues May 2-3 at a National
Academy of Sciences meeting. Academy leaders called it out of concern that
scientists have done too little to ensure integrity.

Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich., has called a hearing of his Subcommittee on
Oversight for April 13 to investigate the way National Cancer Institute
officials handled the fraudulent breast cancer data.

In the past, Dingell has been concerned lawmakers may have been misled by
researchers whose conduct is questionable. Part of the problem, he says, is that
science rewards those who publish their reports, not those who question others'
research.

"Wrongdoers may prosper at the expense of whistle-blowers," he says.

TYPE: Health and Behavior

See related stories; 05D

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 24, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

NATION IN BRIEF;
Numbers in Army sex scandal rise

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 963 words


The number of female soldiers who say they were victims of rape or other sexual
misconduct at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland reportedly is twice the number
the Army has publicly acknowledged. Army officials at Aberdeen have reported 17
victims of rape or other sexual misconduct, but the number has risen to 34, The
Baltimore Sun reported Saturday, citing congressional and military sources.

Of the total, 13 women say they were raped, according to a memo prepared by
staffers of the House National Security Committee and obtained by the newspaper.
The numbers were obtained from Brig. Gen. Daniel Doherty, commander of the
Army's Criminal Investigation Command, who briefed members of Congress last week
in a private meeting.

Army sources said the additional complaints surfaced after interviews with 1,000
female trainees who have attended Aberdeen since January 1995 and from a
telephone hotline set up for complaints about sexual misconduct. As of Saturday,
that hotline had fielded more than 5,300 calls. Of those, 714 were considered
worthy of further investigation, the Army said.

PROTESTS Save the redwoods

Nine demonstrators, including actor Woody Harrelson, were arrested after they
scaled the towers of San Francisco's Golden Gate Bridge to demand that the
government protect a 60,000-acre redwood grove. Hanging from rock-climbing gear,
the protesters stretched out banners high above the roadway while bridge
officials and California Highway Patrol officers waited for them below.
Harrelson and the others dangled 200 feet above an all-day traffic jam that
formed as motorists slowed to stare. "I shamelessly and proudly call myself a
tree hugger," Harrelson said via cellular phone before he and the others were
arrested. They were booked on charges of trespassing, failure to obey a peace
officer and public nuisance, the highway patrol said. The federal government is
negotiating to buy 7,500 acres of the Headwaters Forest for $ 380 million. But
environmentalists maintain that more of the forest should be preserved from
logging.

GOVERNMENT Heading rightward

The 105th Congress will continue moving U.S. society to the right by stepping up
its overhaul of welfare, improving campaign finance rules and working to reduce
juvenile crime and drug use, House Majority Leader Dick Armey said. Delivering
the GOP's weekly radio address, the Texas congressman also predicted that when
Congress reconvenes in January, the two parties won't discuss whether to
implement conservative ideas, just how. "In this Congress, there won't be any
debate over whether to balance the budget, only over how and when to do it,"
Armey said. "And there will no longer be any debate over whether to replace
socially harmful welfare programs with a new emphasis on work and responsibility
- only debate over the best ways to end the cycle of dependency." Armey said
this year, Americans elected a Democratic president and a Republican Congress
that ran on conservative platforms of "smaller government, lower taxes, a
balanced budget, saving Medicare, improving education and cleaning up our
environment," he said.

AVIATION/SPACE Sky parade

Columbia led the way in an orbiting caravan Saturday: First came the space
shuttle, followed by a large saucer that just hours earlier had swerved
frighteningly close to the crew's cockpit, then an ultraviolet telescope. It was
an unprecedented orbital parade, and relatively calm compared with the night
before. The two-ton steel saucer, designed to produce thin, pure semiconductor
film, drifted within 10 feet of Columbia following its release late Friday, more
than twice as close than it should have. For a few harrowing moments, the five
shuttle astronauts watched anxiously as it loomed in their windows. The
12-foot-diameter disk, called the Wake Shield, eventually moved off to a safe
distance. By Saturday afternoon, it was trailing Columbia by 25 miles, in their
orbit about 220 miles above Earth, and the telescope lagged about 50 miles
behind Wake Shield.

CRIME Infant killing

Lawyers for two Delaware teenagers charged with murder in the death of a newborn
have hired psychiatric experts, raising the possibility they may use mental
illness as a defense. Amy Grossberg and Brian Peterson Jr., both 18, are each
charged with first-degree murder. A baby boy born in a Newark motel last week
was abandoned in a trash bin and found dead the next day. Prosecutors say they
will seek the death penalty. The Wilmington News Journal reported Saturday that
forensic psychiatrists Neil Kaye and David Raskin have both been hired by the
defense.

Reversal of fortune

Former Rep. Mel Reynolds' wife, Marisol, reversed her former staunch support for
her beleaguered husband Friday, by pleading guilty to conspiring with him to
violate campaign finance laws and agreeing to cooperate with prosecutors. In
another sordid episode in the saga of the disgraced politician, Reynolds' wife
also claimed for the first time that he frequently beat her and coerced her into
falsifying campaign filings, forging checks and other misdeeds.

ETC. Food for thought

In his weekly radio address, President Clinton praised volunteers who help feed
the poor, mentioning, among others, the Atlanta Community Food Bank. "Across our
nation in food banks in houses of worship, in community groups, thousands of
Americans are taking the initiative to fight hunger and feed their neighbors,"
Clinton said in the taped address. "This past summer, hundreds of young people
from our National Service Program, AmeriCorps, joined private volunteers to get
food to the poor. They worked with the Atlanta Community Food Bank and the
Congressional Hunger Center to help recover 174 tons of excess food," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Poet Maya Angelou and actor Ossie Davis lend their celebrity
 support to raise money to rebuild torched churches. The two appeared at
 an aid event Saturday at the Benton Convention Center in Winston-Salem,
 N.C. / DAVID ROLFE / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Review of sexual misconduct cases to begin at IU

BYLINE: Michael Reschke, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Feb. 16--Reviews of 18 sexual misconduct cases at Indiana University are set to
begin this week.

University officials decided to review the cases after the head of IU's student
ethics office was accused of sexual misconduct earlier this month.

Jill Creighton, the assistant director of global community standards at New York
University and a board member of the Association for Student Conduct
Administration, published an open letter Feb. 4 accusing Jason Casares of
sexually assaulting her at a conference in December in Texas. Casares, IU's
associate dean of students and deputy Title IX coordinator, has denied the
allegations. The university and the Fort Worth Police Department are conducting
separate investigations.

Creighton filed a complaint with the Association for Student Conduct
Administration, of which Casares is also a member. The association hired an
independent investigator, Hutcheson Bowers LLLP, which determined Creighton's
claims could not be substantiated.

In the meantime, Provost Lauren Robel requested a review of all sexual
misconduct cases from the past academic year that went to hearings where Casares
sat on the hearing panel. Julia Lamber, professor emerita of law at IU's Maurer
School of Law, has been tabbed for the reviews, university spokesman Mark Land
said in an email. Lamber served as dean for women's affairs at IU from 1993 to
1998 and is an expert on Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, which
prohibits sex discrimination in education programs or activities that receive
federal financial assistance.

Lamber will be meeting with IU Student Welfare and Title IX Officer Emily
Springston this week to get case materials. She will rely on the existing case
file and panel hearing materials for her review. Cases will only be
reinvestigated if Lamber concludes that is necessary after her review, Land said
in an email. There is no timetable for when the reviews will be completed.

"We will give Lamber the time she needs to perform a thorough review of the
cases in question," Land said in an email.

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160216-BM-Review-of-sexual-misconduct
-cases-to-begin-at-IU-0216-20160216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     February 23, 2004 Monday Home Edition

OTHER NEWS

BYLINE: JOHN MANASSO, MICHAEL LEE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 274 words


Penalties won't bench Thrashers

Ilya Kovalchuk and Ronald Petrovicky will not be suspended by the NHL for their
major penalties in Saturday's 5-4 loss to Philadelphia, Thrashers general
manager Don Waddell said Sunday.

The league rulebook maintains that all gross misconducts and game misconducts
are to be forwarded to the commissioner's office for review, often resulting in
suspensions.

Kovalchuk, who has scored seven goals in the past nine games to regain the
league lead with 33, drew a gross misconduct penalty after the game when he
cursed at officials. Petrovicky earned a game misconduct when he was whistled
for charging in the first period. The Flyers scored three goals during the five
minutes Atlanta was short-handed.

The Thrashers play again Wednesday against Tampa Bay at Philips Arena.

Jackson won't return to Hawks

The Hawks will have only four players under contract going into the offseason.
Stephen Jackson said Sunday that he will not pick up the option on the second
year of his two-year, $2.1 million deal --- which shouldn't come as a surprise,
considering he rejected a three-year, $10 million offer from the San Antonio
Spurs last summer.

"I'm free after this year," Jackson said. "I'm totally free. I don't know if I'm
going to be here next year or not. I know I'll have a job somewhere next year.
No matter what, I'm going to be happy."

By Jackson opting out, the Hawks would have another $1 million in cap space to
work with this summer. Jackson said the recent trades that sent away Shareef
Abdur-Rahim, Theo Ratliff and Rasheed Wallace didn't have any effect on his
decision.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 20, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Police Misconduct Cited in Boston

From news services

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A14; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 173 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Police officers were guilty of six of 27 federal allegations of misconduct in
handling the murder of Carol Stuart, whose husband blamed the attack on a black
man, police authorities said yesterday.

One detective is to be suspended for as many as five days, Police Commissioner
Francis "Mickey" Roache said.

Stuart was shot Oct. 23, 1989, after she and her husband, Charles, left a
childbirth class. Charles Stuart, who suffered an abdominal wound, said a black
man had robbed and shot the suburban couple. Stuart apparently committed suicide
Jan. 4, 1990, a day after his brother, Matthew, had implicated him in the
murder.

In July 1991, officials at the U.S. attorney's office said they found evidence
of alleged police misconduct. Roache said no officers set out to violate rights
of witnesses or possible suspects, but an internal probe determined that one
officer threatened a witness and used excessive profanity while interviewing
witnesses.

It also found that officers obtained a search warrant under false pretenses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Notre Dame must vacate wins after academic misconduct

BYLINE: TOM COYNE AP Sports Writer

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 787 words


SOUTH BEND, Ind. - Brian Kelly's worst season at Notre Dame took a embarrassing
turn Tuesday as the NCAA announced that academic misconduct orchestrated by a
student athletic trainer will cost the storied program all 21 victories from the
2012-13 seasons, including the 12-0 run that vaulted the Fighting Irish into the
national championship game against Alabama.

It marked just the fourth time the NCAA has cited Notre Dame for a major rules
violation. The vacated games include Notre Dame's 12-0 record in 2012, their
best regular season since winning their last national championship in 1988. The
season finished with an embarrassing 42-14 loss to the Crimson Tide in the title
game and the revelation that linebacker Manti Te'o had been the victim of a fake
girlfriend hoax.

The school ripped the NCAA for its decision to vacate the wins and immediately
said it would appeal. The Rev. John Jenkins, the university president, said the
NCAA has never before vacated records in such a case.

"We believe that imposition of the vacation of records penalty without serious
underlying institutional misconduct will not primarily punish those responsible
for the misconduct, but rather will punish coaches, student-athletes and indeed
the entire institution who did nothing wrong and, with regard to this case, did
everything right," Jenkins said. He noted the NCAA has since voted to change the
rule that brought this case under NCAA jurisdiction rather than leaving such
decisions to individual schools.

The Division I Committee on Infractions panel also put Notre Dame on probation
for a year and ordered a $5,000 fine, penalties the school agreed with. There
were no bowl or scholarship punishments.

According to the NCAA, the trainer was employed by the athletics department from
fall 2009 through the spring of 2013 and "partially or wholly completed numerous
academic assignments for football student-athletes in numerous courses" from
2011 into 2013. It said she did substantial coursework for two players and gave
impermissible help to six others in 18 courses over two academic years. The NCAA
said the woman "continued to provide impermissible academic benefits to football
student-athletes for a full year after she graduated" and was in her first year
of law school elsewhere.

In all, the NCAA said, three athletes would up playing while ineligible, one
during the 2012 season and the other two the following season, when the Irish
went 9-4.

Kelly said he knew the vacated wins were a possibility since Notre Dame
officials met with the NCAA several months ago. He said he had hoped "reasonable
people would come to a reasonable decision."

"If doing the right thing means that you've got to put an asterisk next to these
games, that's fine with me," he said. "We still beat Oklahoma. We still beat
Wake Forest, we still beat all those teams, so you can put an asterisk next to
it. If that makes you feel better, then that's fine with me."

He said he doesn't believe he has any culpability in the case and has no reason
to believe he won't be back as Notre Dame's coach next season.

"I think you guys are confusing this statement with the win-loss record," said
Kelly, whose struggling team has a 4-7 record ahead of Saturday's game at No. 12
USC. "A win-loss record is always under scrutiny at Notre Dame, and it should
be. That's part of it."

The report doesn't name the players involved, but stems from an investigation
that began in August 2014 , when the university suspended defensive lineman
Ishaq Williams, receiver DaVaris Daniels, linebacker Kendall Moore and
cornerback KeiVarae Russell, who weren't allowed to play that season. The school
later benched safety Eilar Hardy, who was allowed to return in midseason.
Russell returned and played for the Irish last season. Quarterback Everett
Golson was suspended for the fall 2013 semester for what he termed "poor
judgment on a test."

It was the first major NCAA violation for Notre Dame since 1999, when the school
was placed on probation and had two scholarships taken away because of the
relationship between Irish players and former booster Kimberly Dunbar, who
embezzled more than $1.2 million from her employer and then lavished the players
with gifts, trips and money. The NCAA also lists two other major infractions :
in 1971 for the improper administration of financial aid and in 1954 for
improper tryouts.

If the NCAA erases all 21 Notre Dame victories, the Irish would fall from the
school with the second-most wins in NCAA history behind Michigan (935) to fifth
place with 875. That would place them behind Texas (892), Nebraska (889), Ohio
State (885) and tied with Alabama (875) heading into the game against the
Trojans, where they are 17-point underdogs.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION;
MISCONDUCT PROBE ENDS, CHIEF SAYS

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 326 words

DATELINE: CONWAY, S.C.


The new chief of the Horry County Police Department says there will be no
additional indictments stemming from allegations of sexual misconduct by former
department officers.

Chief Joe Hill tells local media outlets that on Monday, his first day on the
job, he met with South Carolina Law Enforcement Division Chief Mark Keel.

Hill says Keel told him that the SLED investigation into the misconduct has been
completed.

The state grand jury last week indicted four former department officers alleging
they coerced women into sex or ignored nearly

100 cases they were supposed to be investigating.

Judge orders 500 potential jurors

CHARLESTON, S.C. -- A South Carolina judge has ordered 500 potential jurors
summoned for the murder trial of a fired white police officer charged in the
2015 shooting death of a black motorist captured on cellphone video.

Those being summoned can expect to hear a sheriff's deputy knocking on the door.
Circuit Judge Clifton Newman issued an order Tuesday requiring deputies to serve
summonses in the Michael Slager case. That's not unheard of, but generally
jurors are summoned through the mail.

The 34-year-old Slager, a former North Charleston police officer, stands trial
next month in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott, who was shot while running
from traffic stop in April 2015.

New leader named for Atlanta FBI office

ATLANTA -- The FBI director has named a new leader for the agency's Atlanta
office.

The agency said in a news release that Director James Comey has named David
LeValley as the special agent in charge in Atlanta. LeValley will take his new
role in November.

LeValley has been with the FBI since

1996, most recently serving as a special agent in charge of the criminal
division in the Washington field office.

He started his FBI career in the New York field office, where he worked with New
York City police to investigate Colombian and Caribbean drug trafficking and
money laundering violations.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

Police access bills no longer priority;
As high-profile incidents fade, lawmakers move away from officer misconduct
measures.

BYLINE: Liam Dillon

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; bad desk code; Local Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1010 words

DATELINE:  SACRAMENTO


In the nearly three years since nationwide protests erupted after a Ferguson,
Mo., police officer shot and killed teenager Michael Brown, state lawmakers
introduced multiple bills designed to overhaul how much Californians are allowed
to know about officer-involved shootings and internal investigations, and
increase access to body camera videos.

But most of the major efforts have failed, and this year civil rights and
pro-transparency groups have been unable to find a legislator willing to try to
unwind some of the state's strict protections against disclosing information
about officer discipline.

The lack of legislation speaks to the substantial political influence of law
enforcement within the Capitol and a waning sense of urgency on police
accountability as some of the highest-profile examples of alleged misconduct
fade from the headlines, advocates said.

"It may require unfortunately other incidents like those that gave rise to the
Black Lives Matter movement for people to stand up and pick up that torch
again," said Jim Ewert, general counsel for the California Newspaper Publishers
Assn. "The cops are going to be fighting this thing with both barrels blazing --
no pun intended. Without that compelling story, it will be difficult, I think,
for a legislator to go up against that very strong blue tide."

California has some of the toughest laws in the country prohibiting the release
of details about police misconduct, including instances in which officers were
found to have used excessive force. The laws are so stringent that a state
appeals court this month temporarily blocked the Los Angeles County Sheriff's
Department from sending a list of deputies with histories of misconduct to
prosecutors. Law enforcement groups have long argued that the protections are
necessary to preserve officer safety and privacy.

But civil rights groups have contended the rules erode trust between community
members and police.

Last year, former state Sen. Mark Leno (D-San Francisco) introduced legislation
that would have allowed the public disclosure of police records in cases in
which departments determined officers committed serious misconduct, such as
lying or racial profiling. Leno touted polling from the bill's principal backer,
the American Civil Liberties Union, that said nearly 80% of Californians
believed the public should have access to such cases. Leno's bill, however,
failed before receiving a vote on the Senate floor, amid furious opposition from
police groups.

"Any criminal justice reform measure without any law enforcement association
support is especially difficult for obvious reasons," Leno said in an interview.

Leno cited his own efforts to end solitary confinement for juveniles as an
example. For years, his bills aiming to ban the practice fell well short of
passage. That changed in 2016 when the statewide organization representing
probation officers signed on in support. The bill then received unanimous
approval in the Legislature and was signed by Gov. Jerry Brown.

This year, the ACLU and other groups asked multiple lawmakers, including state
Sen. Holly Mitchell (D-Los Angeles), to introduce a new version of Leno's police
discipline bill, but found no takers.

"People seemed to think it was an important issue and wanted to see the reform
happen," said Lizzie Buchen, legislative advocate at the ACLU of California's
Center for Advocacy & Policy. "But it would require someone receiving some
wounds from law enforcement. I don't fault anyone in the [Capitol] for not being
willing to take it on."

Mitchell, who has a history of writing criminal justice bills, said in a
statement that as the Senate's lead negotiator on the state budget, she had
requests to write many pieces of legislation "and had to make some tough
decisions on what bills to carry."

Buchen said the ACLU was now focusing on trying to find a lawmaker to introduce
a similar bill in 2018.

In the absence of legislation from civil rights groups, others are pushing
changes to the discipline process with the backing of law enforcement.
Assemblyman Evan Low (D-Campbell) is planning to introduce a bill based on a
proposal drafted last year by the Peace Officers Research Assn. of California,
which represents 69,000 rank-and-file officers in the state.

Low is still working out the bill's details, but two key points will involve
formally notifying those who make complaints against officers of the case's
status, and developing a mediation system to resolve disputes between residents
and police officers. Low, whose brother is a Bay Area officer, said it's
important for public safety groups to recognize community groups' concerns about
trust.

"You have to get your head out of the sand, and you must participate in the
process and try to understand fundamentally how we can increase the level of
trust and access," Low said he's told law enforcement organizations.

Still, unlike Leno's bill from last year, Low's legislation won't lead to the
disclosure of any internal investigation results. Low said that approach went
way too far.

"It would impede on law enforcement," Low said.

For their part, law enforcement groups say they're willing to accept body
cameras and other tools implemented in response to national debates about police
reform. They're also pleased that lawmakers are receptive to their opposition to
major changes in statewide officer discipline and body camera policies.

In the last two years, police unions have successfully fought attempts to
prevent officers from viewing body camera footage before writing their reports
after police-involved shootings and other serious incidents. The unions believe
officers could otherwise be held liable for making innocent mistakes when
recounting high-stress situations.

Alan Barcelona, who heads the 7,000-member California Statewide Law Enforcement
Assn., said police groups remain steadfast on that and other officer discipline
issues.

"I think the Legislature is becoming a little more educated about what we do on
our side," Barcelona said.

--

liam.dillon@latimes.com

Twitter: @dillonliam

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: LAPD officers surround protesters at a 2014 demonstration after
a grand jury decided not to charge a Missouri officer in the shooting death of
Michael Brown.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Marcus Yam Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

Letter To Community

BYLINE: DAVID OWENS

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 407  words


WEST HARTFORD - Kingswood Oxford School said Friday it has hired a Hartford law
firm to investigate concerns about possible sexual misconduct by faculty in the
1970s and 1980s.

In a letter dated June 17 and emailed to the "school community," Head of School
Dennis Bisgaard and Bradley Hoffman, chairman of the board of trustees, said
that late last week the school received information about the possible
misconduct and hired Robinson & Cole "to investigate those concerns as well as
any others that might come to light through this investigation."

"We take allegations of misconduct in the past seriously and have taken
appropriate steps to be proactive in sharing information with our community,"
Bisgaard said in an email to The Courant on Friday evening.

The letter encouraged current and past students and others to step forward with
any information or concerns they have about sexual misconduct they believe
occurred at Kingswood Oxford. The school provided contact information for
Bisgaard and Edward Heath, the Robinson & Cole attorney conducting the probe.

"We are committed to thoroughly investigating and addressing any report of
suspected sexual misconduct that is brought to our attention, even if it may
have occurred in the past," the letter reads.

"We understand that it may be painful to discuss this subject, and we will
listen with empathy and care," the letter reads. The school said counseling and
support services would be made available to anyone who comes forward with
information.

The letter says that, earlier this year, the school initiated a review of its
policies and procedures related to hiring, monitoring and reporting of suspected
sexual misconduct, and that revised policies are to be released this summer.

In Friday's email to the Kingswood Oxford community, the school said it believes
firmly in "transparency and safeguarding children and students at all costs."

Kingswood Oxford is an independent day school for students in grades 6 through
12. Its most recent enrollment was 508 students from Connecticut and
Massachusetts.

Earlier this week, the Westminster School in Simsbury said an investigation it
commissioned concluded that a long-ago headmaster engaged in "inappropriate
sexual conduct" with students when he led the school more than 60 years ago.

The investigation found credible evidence against Arthur Milliken, a
long-revered figure at the school who was headmaster from 1936 to 1956. He died
in 1973.

.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 3, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

CRIME & JUSTICE

SECTION: Metro; B02

LENGTH: 293 words


MARYLAND

Police officer suspended: A Prince George's County patrol officer was suspended
with pay yesterday for possible criminal misconduct, authorities said. They
would not elaborate.

Chief spokeswoman Barbara Hamm said Prince George's police are investigating the
alleged misconduct of Cpl. Brian K. Addis. She said that no details about the
suspension would be released until "all the facts are nailed down" and that
officials publicized the probe in an effort to keep the oft-troubled force
"transparent."

Addis, a six-year member of the force, is assigned to the 6th District, based in
Beltsville.

Teenage girl shot: A 15-year-old girl was shot in the legs last night in Fort
Washington, Prince George's County police said.

The shooting occurred about 10 p.m. in the 1500 block of Thomas Road, and the
girl was taken to a hospital, police said.

Man shot in Annapolis:  A man was shot and seriously wounded late last night in
Annapolis, city police said.

They said Eric Crowdy, who appeared to be in his thirties, was shot in the arm
and leg while in the unit block of College Creek Terrace. He was taken to
Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore.

THE DISTRICT

New homicide total: The city's homicide total for 2003 was revised to 248 by
police yesterday because the death of a 71-year-old man in November was recently
ruled a homicide.

D.C. police said that Odell Keys, of the 400 block of H Street NW, was attacked
in his apartment May 17 and died of his wounds Nov. 1 at Arlington Hospital. The
Virginia medical examiner ruled the case a homicide.

Paul Shorter, 38, of the 500 block of H Street NW, was arrested on New Year's
Eve and charged with felony murder while armed in Keys's death, police said.

Compiled from reports by staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                            December 3, 2004 Friday

ABA committee determines lawyers must report non-practicing lawyer misconduct

BYLINE: Kansas City Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Lawyers have an ethical obligation to report misconduct by other lawyers, if the
misconduct raises a substantial question about the offending lawyer's honesty,
trustworthiness or fitness to practice law. They must report the misconduct even
if it occurs totally removed from legal practice, and even if the misbehaving
lawyer does not practice law.

But if reporting another lawyer's misconduct to disciplinary authorities would
reveal client confidences, the lawyer considering making the report must first
obtain the client's consent. In practical terms, clients may have a variety of
reasons to refuse consent, and little incentive to grant it.

These are the conclusions of an ethics opinion issued by the American Bar
Association Standing Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility.

The opinion identifies a variety of circumstances in which lawyers may learn of
misconduct by other lawyers who are not acting in a legal capacity. They may
work together for a corporation, one of them in a non-legal capacity. They may
be law school faculty colleagues, with one of them also practicing law, or both
may work in a law firm, one of them functioning as an in-house accountant.

The misconduct may be criminal; may involve dishonesty, fraud, deceit or
misrepresentation; or may even be minor. But minor acts of misconduct that are
repeated may indicate an indifference to legal obligations. Although reporting a
colleague may be awkward, the committee concedes, neglecting to do so can
compromise the independence of the profession and the public interest.

However, the duty of confidentiality "trumps" the reporting obligation, and
covers all information relating to the representation of the client, says the
committee. In the corporate environment, confidentiality protects any
communication between the corporation's lawyer and any constituent of the
organization in any organizational capacity. "(T)he hands of lawyers are often
effectively tied in these situations by the wishes or even the whims of their
clients," according to the opinion. Although the lawyer proposing to report the
misconduct can encourage the client to consent, "(a)s a practical matter, there
may be little benefit for the client" in doing so.

The ABA Standing Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility
periodically issues ethics opinions for the guidance of lawyers, courts and the
public interpreting and applying the ABA Model Rules of Professional Conduct to
specific issues of legal practice and client-lawyer relationships.

Copies of ethics opinions may be ordered from the ABA Service Center at
800-285-2221 or by e-mail at abasvcctr@staff.abanet.org. To obtain the opinion
on reporting misconduct, ask for Formal Opinion 04-433.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                            August 21, 2003 Thursday

Failure to follow handbook does not prove misconduct

BYLINE: Christine Curtin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


The Court of Appeals for the Western District of Missouri has reversed a
decision by the Labor and Industrial Relations Commission denying an employee
four weeks of unemployment benefits for misconduct associated with his
work.<P>In the case of Wilbur McClelland v. Hogan Personnel, LLC and State of
Missouri Division of Employment Security, the Labor Commission found that
McClelland failed to follow prescribed safety procedures which resulted in a
preventable accident. He was initially denied unemployment benefits for seven
weeks, however the Commission heard McClelland's appeal and shortened that
amount of time to a month.<P>McClelland was employed as a tractor-trailer driver
for Hogan Personnel, LLC transporting live turkeys from the farm to the
processing plant in California, MO. In April 2002, McClelland's trailer detached
and the truck tipped over. The entire lot of turkeys was lost and the truck
totaled. <P>As part of a required inspection, McClelland is responsible to
inspect his truck, which includes checking the fifth-wheel connection to ensure
the trailer pin is secure. At the start of the second trip, McClelland loaded
the truck, but did not do a visual inspection. The truck tipped over and
McClelland was fired that day.<P>Three months later, McClelland filed for
unemployment benefits, which his employer contested. Hogan Personnel stated that
McClelland was responsible to inspect the truck at each stop, not just at the
beginning of a trip. The Missouri Division of Employment Security ruled that
McClelland did not follow these safety procedures, which resulted in the
accident. McClelland appealed the decision stating that he was not aware of any
such rule. <P>In the opinion written by Judge Robert G. Ulrich of the Western
District Court of Appeals, the decision to reverse the findings of the
Commission is based on the lack of evidence showing that McClelland committed
misconduct associated with this accident.<P>"As a matter of law, [McClelland's]
failure to follow Employer's requirement to inspect the fifth-wheel connection
after every stop neither proves his willful disregard of Employer's interests
nor his deliberate violation of its rules sufficient to constitute misconduct
connected with his work," Judge Ulrich wrote.<P>In the opinion, Judge Ulrich
addressed McClelland's argument that this accident was one isolated incident of
negligence and did not constitute misconduct severe enough to deny his right to
unemployment benefits. In this case, the employer has the burden to prove that
the employee committed misconduct in his work. Hogan Personnel defined his act
of misconduct as a "willful disregard of the employer's interest, a deliberate
violation of the employer's rules," Sain v. Labor & Indus. Relations Comm'n, 564
S.W.2d 59, 62 (mo. App1978) (quoting Laswell v. Indus. Comm'n of Mo., 534 S.W.2d
613 (Mo.App. 1976) (citing 76 Am.Jur.2d, Unemployment Compensation Section 52 p.
945)<P>The Commission stated the required inspections were written up in the
Employee Handbook. While McClelland signed the document confirming he read the
handbook, McClelland contested that he never received the safety manual and was
never aware of the rule requiring an inspection at each stop. <P>"An employer
does have a right to expect an employee will read its safety manual and follow
its rules. [McClelland's] lack of awareness may have been sufficient to
discharge him from employment but does not rise to the level of willful or
deliberate conduct sufficient to deny him unemployment compensation absent
additional evidence," Judge Ulrich wrote.<P>Judge Ulrich points out that instead
of qualifying McClelland's actions as a "willful" and a "deliberate violation,"
the Commission should have addressed the actions as negligent or as a blatant
disregard for expected standards of behavior. <P>However, since the Commission
maintained that their basis for denial of unemployment benefits was as a result
of willful and deliberate disregard resulting in misconduct, Judge Ulrich found
no basis in that argument to rule that McClelland committed misconduct in his
work. Judge Ulrich reversed the decision that denied McClelland four weeks of
unemployment compensation benefits. All concur.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                           November 27, 2004 Saturday

Lawyers must report all non-practicing lawyer misconduct

BYLINE: Dolan Media Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Lawyers have an ethical obligation to report misconduct by other lawyers if the
misconduct raises a substantial question about the offending lawyer's honesty,
trustworthiness or fitness to practice law. They must report the misconduct even
if it occurs totally removed from legal practice and even if the misbehaving
lawyer does not practice law.

But if reporting another lawyer's misconduct to disciplinary authorities would
reveal client confidences, the lawyer considering making the report must first
obtain the client's consent. In practical terms, clients may have a variety of
reasons to refuse consent and little incentive to grant it. These are the
conclusions of an ethics opinion issued by the American Bar Association Standing
Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility.

The opinion identifies a variety of circumstances in which lawyers may learn of
misconduct by other lawyers who are not acting in a legal capacity. They may
work together for a corporation, one of them in a nonlegal capacity. They may be
law school faculty colleagues, with one of them also practicing law, or both may
work in a law firm, one of them functioning as an in-house accountant.

The misconduct may be criminal; may involve dishonesty, fraud, deceit or
misrepresentation; or may even be minor. But minor acts of misconduct that are
repeated may indicate an indifference to legal obligations. Although reporting a
colleague may be awkward, the committee concedes, neglecting to do so can
compromise the independence of the profession and the public interest.

However, the duty of confidentiality "trumps" the reporting obligation and
covers all information relating to the representation of the client, says the
committee. In the corporate environment, confidentiality protects any
communication between the corporation's lawyer and any constituent of the
organization in any organizational capacity. "[T]he hands of lawyers are often
effectively tied in these situations by the wishes or even the whims of their
clients," according to the opinion. Although the lawyer proposing to report the
misconduct can encourage the client to consent, "[a]s a practical matter, there
may be little benefit for the client" in doing so.

The ABA Standing Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility
periodically issues ethics opinions for the guidance of lawyers, courts and the
public interpreting and applying the ABA Model Rules of Professional Conduct to
specific issues of legal practice and client-lawyer relationships.

Copies of ethics opinions may be ordered from the ABA Service Center at
800/285-2221 or by e-mail at abasvcctr@staff.abanet. org. To obtain the opinion
on reporting misconduct, ask for Formal Opinion 04-433.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday

UM president defends probe

BYLINE: Rachel Lenzi, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 502 words


Feb. 01--ANN ARBOR -- The outgoing president of the University of Michigan
posted a statement to the school's Web site debunking recent news reports
concerning the athletic department's possible influence over an investigation of
an internal complaint.

Brendan Gibbons, a kicker on the Michigan football team, was expelled last month
for a violation of the school's student sexual misconduct policy, reportedly
stemming from a 2009 incident.

Gibbons has not responded to inquiries seeking comment regarding the report of
his expulsion. Citing federal privacy laws, the Michigan athletic department has
not commented on Gibbons or his academic status, and Michigan's public affairs
office released a statement Wednesday confirming that it will not release
results or details of the investigation.

However, UM president Mary Sue Coleman released a statement Friday in regards to
the investigation process -- but did not name Gibbons or a specific case.

"Athletics has no influence over sexual misconduct investigations or the
academic standing of student athletes," read the statement from Coleman. "No
unit or individual on our campus has any influence over the investigations
carried out by the Office for Institutional Equity (OIE).

"OIE is charged with conducting fair and impartial internal investigations
involving allegations of discrimination and harassment, including allegations of
sexual misconduct.

"Our policies and processes mandate a thorough and fair handling of any
allegations of student sexual misconduct. The University of Michigan takes this
responsibility very seriously."

Michigan implemented its current policy in the August of 2013, and these are
Coleman's first comments regarding the policy. Coleman will retire in July and
will be replaced as president by Mark S. Schlissel, the provost of Brown
University.

The Michigan Daily, UM's student newspaper, originally reported Gibbons'
expulsion, which was effective Dec. 20 following an investigation by the
university's Office of Student Conflict Resolution. The Office of Student
Conflict Resolution is part of the university but independent of law
enforcement.

The Daily also reported this week that it obtained a letter that was signed by
Gibbons, finalizing his expulsion on Dec. 19 and sent via fax from a number
associated with the UM football program.

Four days later Michigan coach Brady Hoke told reporters in Arizona that Gibbons
did not travel with the team to the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl because of "family
reasons."

Gibbons earned his bachelor's degree in general studies and was enrolled in
Michigan's graduate school in the fall.

The Ann Arbor Police Department confirmed that while Gibbons was arrested for a
November, 2009, incident, no charges were filed and the case was closed in 2010.
There have been no other charges or prosecution against Gibbons.

Contact Rachel Lenzi at: , 419-724-6510, or on Twitter .

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140201-TO-UM-president-defends-probe-0201-20140201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 28, 1993, Tuesday

NATION IN BRIEF Senator Hutchison of Texas indicted

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 12

LENGTH: 731 words


Just 16 weeks after her election to the U.S. Senate, Kay Bailey Hutchison of
Texas was indicted Monday on charges of misconduct during her 2 1/2 years as
state treasurer. Hutchison, a Republican, was accused along with two aides of
using her treasurer's office for personal use and destroying records as part of
a cover-up.

She denied any wrongdoing and called the charges the product of a politically
motivated investigation by Travis County District Attorney Ronnie Earle, a
Democrat.

"I will win in the end," the senator said. "I think the citizens of Texas see
through this. . . . They see that this is sleazy politics."

Hutchison became the second U.S. senator under indictment. Sen. Dave Durenber
ger, a Minnesota Republican, faces federal trial in January on charges he
illegally claimed reimbursement from the Senate for a Minneapolis condominium he
secretly owned. He announced less than two weeks ago he wouldn't seek
re-election to a fourth term next year.

Hutchison, 50, is the 10th sitting U.S. senator to be indicted. She defeated
appointed Democratic Sen. Bob Krueger in a June 5 special election for U.S.
Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen's former Senate seat. The victory made her the
first Texas woman elected a U.S. senator.

MEDIA

MURDOCH GIVES UP ON NEW YORK POST: Rupert Murdoch's company announced today that
it is dropping its efforts to buy the New York Post now that editors, reporters
and business employees have gone on strike. The announcement came after other
unions at the tabloid decided to honor the Newspaper Guild's picket line. The
guild went on strike Monday afternoon, saying Murdoch's efforts to save the
paper had threatened their jobs. The guild, which represents editorial, clerical
and advertising workers, was the only union at the Post that had not settled on
a contract with Murdoch.

CRIME

MOLESTER SENTENCED TO 10 YEARS: A 76-year-old man in Manchester, N.H., drew two
to 10 years in prison for molesting his step-grandson, who committed suicide as
the trial neared. Raymond Poisson pleaded guilty last month to sexually
assaulting Gary Lawrence Jr. when the boy was 9. The youngster killed himself
with a shotgun blast to the head a year ago, at 15. His parents said he couldn't
take the pressure of the upcoming trial. "You rot in hell!" the boy's father
yelled as a frail-looking Poisson was led from court Monday. Poisson married
Gary's grandmother after he was paroled in 1980 for raping a boy.

-POLICEMEN'S PRISON TERMS DELAYED: The two former Los Angeles police officers
who were to begin serving their 30-month sentences Monday in the 1991 beating of
motorist Rodney King were allowed to stay free for at least two more weeks.
Meanwhile, a state jury was to hear closing arguments today in the trial of
Damian Williams and Henry Watson, accused of beating Reginald Denny, a truck
driver, during the 1992 Los Angeles riots that resulted from an earlier state
jury's acquittal of the officers. The temporary release came just 17 minutes
before the noon deadline for Stacey Koon and Laurence Powell to surrender to
authorities. U.S. District Judge John Davies granted the delay until Oct. 12 so
Koon and Powell could ask the Supreme Court to grant bail while they pursue
appeals.

PUNISHMENT

MAN CONVICTED OF '81 MURDER EXECUTED: An inmate was executed by injection in
Huntsville, Texas, today for the slaying of a college instructor who was
abducted, raped and then run over with her own car. Antonio Bonham, 33, went to
his death just after midnight after asking the Texas Board of Pardons and
Paroles and Gov. Ann Richards to commute his sentence to life without parole. He
had no final statement. He was convicted in the 1981 murder of 62-year-old Marie
McGowen. His attorney, Michael Charlton, said Bonham got the death penalty
because he was a poor, young black man who couldn't afford his own lawyer. He
had a court- appointed attorney. Charlton also said blacks were improperly kept
off the jury. The victim was white. At the time of the slaying, Bonham was on
parole for robbery.

CONSUMERS

UTILITY TO REFUND $ 1.3 BILLION: Commonwealth Edison Co., which serves much of
northern Illinois, said it has agreed to refund more than $ 1.3 billion to
consumers over the next 12 months to settle pending rate disputes. The refund
would be the largest electric utility refund in U.S. history.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932720355

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Antonio Bonham Photo: Mug shot of Kay Bailey
Hutchison

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 14, 2012 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Secret Service Agents Accused of Misconduct

BYLINE: By JACKIE CALMES and MATT FLEGENHEIMER; Jackie Calmes reported from
Cartagena, and Matt Flegenheimer from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 293 words


CARTAGENA, Colombia -- Twelve Secret Service agents assigned to this port city
in advance of President Obama's arrival for the Summit of the Americas were
relieved of duty, amid accusations of misconduct that is said to have involved
prostitution, a government official confirmed Friday.

The misconduct is said to have occurred before Mr. Obama arrived here on Friday
afternoon for the meeting of more than 30 world leaders that begins Saturday.

White House officials would not comment, referring all questions to the Secret
Service. News of the accusations was first reported by The Washington Post.

In a statement, a Secret Service spokesman, Edwin M. Donovan, acknowledged that
agents had been recalled because of accusations of misconduct and that they
would be replaced by other Secret Service personnel, but he did not address the
issue of prostitution.

''The Secret Service takes all allegations of misconduct seriously,'' he said,
adding that the matter had been turned over to the agency's Office of
Professional Responsibility.

Prostitution is legal in designated areas of Colombia.

President Obama's security detail has been involved in other incidents in recent
months.

A federal agent with the State Department's Bureau of Diplomatic Security was
charged with second-degree murder last November after shooting a man in
Honolulu, according to news reports at the time. The agent was off duty, but was
on the island to provide advance security arrangements for Mr. Obama's visit to
the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit.

In August, according to news reports, a Secret Service agent was arrested on
suspicion of drunken driving in Iowa, where he was a part of the security team
assigned to prepare for Mr. Obama's bus tour through Midwestern states.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Judicial Watch Sues TSA Over Cover-Up: Passenger Complaints "Assaults Relating
to Sexual Misconduct"

LENGTH: 886  words


Judicial Watch announced today that it filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
lawsuit against the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) seeking
"Incident Reports" of alleged sexual misconduct throughout 2013 by
Transportation Security Administration (TSA) officers at Dulles, Chicago,
Denver, Miami, and Los Angeles airports (Judicial Watch v U.S. Department of
Homeland Security (No. 1:14-cv-01179)). The lawsuit was filed on July 11, 2014.


The Judicial Watch lawsuit was filed pursuant to a March 5, 2014, FOIA request
seeking the following:
Any and all passenger complaint forms (referred to as "yellow cards"), "To From"
memoranda, and Incident Reports filed in 2013 at the following US airports:
Dulles International Airport, Chicago O'Hare International Airport, Denver
International Airport, Miami International Airport, and Los Angeles
International Airport ...
On March 13, 2014, Judicial Watch, at TSA's request, agreed to narrow the scope
of its March 5 FOIA request to the following:
Incident Reports relating to [Transportation Security Officers] accused of
assaults relating to sexual misconduct in 2013 at the five airports identified
in the original request.
The TSA, despite Judicial Watch's accommodation of its request to narrow our
request, did not produce any documents or respond in any other substantive way
as required by law. (In a separate Judicial Watch request for "complaints" about
TSA security, the agency responded by asking Judicial Watch to define
"complaint.")
TSA sexual misconduct allegations drew nationwide attention in early January
2014 when a Colorado woman, Jamelyn Steenhoek, filed a complaint against TSA
officers at a checkpoint at Denver International Airport saying the frisking she
received amounted to sexual assault. According to a news report on Denver TV
station CBS4:
She said the female TSA agent seemed to get agitated when Steenhoek tried to
hurry the process along so she could get her daughter to her plane.
"At that point she did a pretty invasive search. They are just areas of the body
I'm not comfortable being touched in. On the outside of my pants she cupped my
crotch. I was uncomfortable with that."
Steenhoek said the agent repeatedly dug her fingers into Steenhoek's armpits.
"The part of the search that bothered most was the breast search. You could tell
it shouldn't take that much groping. To me it was as extensive as an exam from
my physician -- full touching and grabbing in the front. I felt uncomfortable, I
felt violated."  She said when the search turned up nothing, the agent repeated
it a second time.
"So it didn't make any sense. The whole search was done over and more touching
and grabbing than the first time."
On January 30, 2014, former TSA officer Jason Edward Harrington wrote an article
for Politico.com entitled "Dear America, I Saw You Naked," and subtitled, "And
yes we were laughing. Confessions of an ex-TSA agent." In the article,
Harrington revealed that TSA agents had a code for women they found sexually
attractive and who may be put through a revealing full body scan procedure:
Alfalfa - TSA malespeak for an attractive female passenger
Code Red - Officer malespeak. Denotes an attractive female passenger wearing red

Fanny Pack, Lane 2 - Code for an attractive female passenger
Xray Xray Xray! - Code for an attractive female passenger, general
Yellow Alert - Code for an attractive female passenger, yellow clothing
In a subsequent article for Politico.com, Harrington reported, "'nude' scanners
didn't work and that TSA employees were making predictably awful jokes about
passengers' bodies." Harrington assisted Judicial Watch in preparing its sexual
misconduct FOIA request.
In August 2013, a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report revealed that
misconduct is rampant among TSA officers. According to the report, from 2010 to
2012 TSA officers were cited for more than 9,600 cases of misconduct. In nearly
2,000 cases officers were sleeping on the job, not following procedures, or
letting relatives and friends bypass security checkpoints. Thousands of others
failed to show up for work, appeared late or left their post without permission.
Some TSA workers were caught stealing expensive electronic items, cash and other
valuables from passengers. According to the GAO report, "TSA does not have a
process for conducting reviews of misconduct cases to verify that TSA staff at
airports are complying with policies and procedures for adjudicating employee
misconduct."
"With 56,000 employees and a $7.7 billion budget, the TSA is a massive
government agency that requires diligent oversight," said Judicial Watch
President Tom Fitton. "It is bad enough that many experts argue that it is
unnecessarily intrusive and ineffective. The fact that TSA would stonewall basic
information about potentially egregious and criminal assaults on airline
passengers is a further proof this agency is out of control. This agency now
must answer in federal court for its illegal secrecy. President Obama, despite
his supposed commitment to transparency, continues to allow his agencies to
flout our nation's basic open records law without consequence. When will
President Obama take personal responsibility for his administration's repeated
violation of federal law?" 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 28, 1990, Wednesday, Final Edition

NFL Fines 3 Patriots, Team In Locker Room Incident

BYLINE: Steve Berkowitz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 748 words


National Football League Commissioner Paul Tagliabue concluded yesterday that
three New England Patriots behaved improperly during "a serious incident of
misconduct in the club's locker room" that occurred Sept. 17 while Boston Herald
reporter Lisa Olson was interviewing a fourth player.

In a letter to Patriots owner Victor Kiam, Tagliabue criticized the manner in
which club officials handled the incident and "appeared to condone the
misconduct of Patriots' players."

As a result, tight end Zeke Mowatt was fined $ 12,500, and wide receiver Michael
Timpson and running back Robert Perryman, who now plays for the Dallas Cowboys,
each were fined $ 5,000.

The club was fined $ 25,000 and ordered to pay another $ 25,000 the league said
would defray the cost of preparing materials to supplement those it uses to
instruct players and other club personnel on "responsible dealings with the
media."

Tagliabue's actions were based on a 60-page report by special counsel Philip
Heymann, a professor at Harvard Law School whose investigative team interviewed
91 people in connection with the incident.

In his letter to Kiam, Tagliabue called the conduct of Mowatt, Timpson and
Perryman "completely uncalled for and improper. Mowatt's conduct involved both
verbal and demonstrative actions. Timpson and Perryman encouraged the
misconduct, and contributed significantly to creating an atmosphere in which
improper activity was evidently considered permissible."

As for the club's actions, Tagliabue wrote it "did not adequately supervise its
players, did not adequately investigate and resolve a serious incident of
misconduct in the club's locker room, and appeared to condone the misconduct of
the Patriots' players."

It is the second time this season Tagliabue has meted out a penalty for an
incident involving a female reporter. Cincinnati Bengals Coach Sam Wyche was
fined one-seventeenth of his salary Oct. 5 for barring USA Today's Denise Tom
from the locker room following an Oct. 1 game. Wyche reportedly makes $ 500,000
per 17-week season, so he had to pay about $ 29,500.

Kiam released a statement that said the Patriots "will certainly abide by"
Tagliabue's decision.

"We regret that the incident occurred," the statement said. "The team and I had
previously expressed our apologies and we repeat them once again. The decision
has been rendered. Now it's time to get on with playing football."

However, Mowatt, whose account of the incident was called "not credible" by
Heymann, continued to proclaim his innocence. And the agents for Timpson and
Perryman said their clients would appeal the fines. Mowatt's agent, Robert
Fraley, said, "if Tagliabue thinks this is over, he's mistaken."

"What can I do now?" Mowatt said. "They said I did it, and I didn't do anything
except say [of Olson], 'You're not writing. You're just looking.' That's all I
did."

Timpson's agent, Brett Senior, said his client had "no involvement in it [the
incident] whatsoever." Senior said he was upset with the manner in which Heymann
conducted his investigation and that Tagliabue "would issue something that has
defamatory implications regarding Michael without giving him a chance to refute
the allegations that have been made."

Perryman's agent, Robert Fayne, said his client "seems to think that he didn't
do anything wrong. He certainly shouldn't pay a fine."

Several days after the incident became public, Perryman told reporters: "I
didn't see anything, but who knows -- I may have done something to her [Olson]."

Olson, who now covers Boston's professional basketball and hockey teams, and
Boston Herald Sports Editor Bob Sales were pleased with Tagliabue's decision.

"I do feel really vindicated," Olson said. "I can't express how vindicated I
feel."

Said Sales: "I think justice has been done. I hope the Patriots have learned
from this. They could have spared Lisa and the players this ordeal had they done
the right thing."

According to the report, Olson was interviewing cornerback Maurice Hurst, whose
locker is close to the entry to the shower area. After cornerback Ronnie Lippett
shouted for his teammates to cover their genitals because there was "a lady in
the locker room," a number of players began joking about Olson's presence near
the shower area. Then Mowatt, who was nude, approached Olson and made suggestive
comments.

The report said Patriots media relations director Jim Oldham confirmed Mowatt's
role and he recognized Timpson's shouting.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Special investigator position gets committee OK

BYLINE: James Chilton

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. 2-6 NEWS LEG Special investgator

LENGTH: 828 words


bkm

Senate committee OKs special investigator bill

This story was written on: 2/5/2015

What's next?

The Senate Revenue Committee voted 3-2 Thursday to approve a bill that would
establish a special investigator position whose job it would be to investigate
formal complaints of official misconduct against various elected state
officials. Senate File 96 contains a $500,000 appropriation for the
investigator's work and must be re-referred to the Appropriations Committee.
After it is heard there, the bill must pass three readings in the Senate before
crossing to the House.

By James Chilton

jchilton@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - The Senate Revenue Committee on Thursday narrowly approved a bill
that would create a special investigator position to look into any future
allegations of misconduct against various state elected officials.

Senate File 96 had been heard by the committee on Tuesday and was defeated by a
3-2 vote. At that time, one committee member, Sen. Dave Kinskey, R-Sheridan, did
not attend the committee meeting and had cast a proxy "no" vote. Other "no"
votes were Sen. Ogden Driskill, R-Devils Tower, and Sen. Cale Case, R-Lander.

The bill's main sponsor, Sen. Chris Rothfuss, D-Laramie, later spoke with
Kinskey privately and explained the bill in detail. Kinskey then requested the
committee reconsider the bill Thursday, where he changed his vote to "aye,"
siding with Sen. Bill Landen, R-Casper, and committee chairman Sen. R. Ray
Peterson, R-Cowley.

"He's not necessarily an advocate for the bill at this point," Rothfuss said of
Kinskey. "But he wants to see it go to the floor and be discussed, which is
certainly something I want to see as well."

After the successful vote, Rothfuss further described the intention of the bill
and what it would do. Specifically, it would create the new office of special
investigator that would be housed within, but independent of, the state attorney
general's office.

The special investigator would be appointed by the Wyoming Supreme Court from a
list of three nominees submitted by the judicial nominating commission.

The special investigator's job would be to investigate "credible allegations of
official misconduct" against offices, including the state's five top elected
offices, the attorney general, members of the judiciary and members of the
Legislature. The investigator would receive written complaints alleging
misconduct, and would be empowered to determine whether the allegations show a
"credible, prima facie showing of official misconduct by the named official."

If they do, then the investigator would give the named official 15 days to
respond to the complaint. The complainant would then have 10 days to respond to
that response.

Based on the responses, if the investigator believed there was demonstrated
probable cause of official misconduct, the investigator would launch a deeper
investigation into the complaint and prepare a report summarizing any findings.
If there was substantial evidence of official misconduct, the investigator also
could begin criminal proceedings against the named official.

"We're recognizing that over the past few years, we've had some circumstances
where there was an investigation done by the Legislature," Rothfuss said,
referring to the body's scrutiny of former Superintendent of Public Instruction
Cindy Hill. "There were other allegations, and really, there wasn't a system in
place to handle them."

Rothfuss noted SF 96 also would provide recourse for any officials facing
allegations of misconduct, by providing an impartial investigator to look into
the claims, rather than legislators who may bring their political allegiances
into the process.

"It's easy to envisage all sorts of difficult circumstances that might come up"
without an impartial investigator, Rothfuss said.

As to why the bill failed its initial vote in committee, Rothfuss noted that the
special investigator would be kept on retainer, and SF 96 would appropriate up
to $500,000 to compensate the investigator and reimburse any of the expense
incurred while conducting investigations. Rothfuss said there were concerns that
without some restrictions on how those funds could be used, an unscrupulous
investigator may launch investigations without merit, just to make some extra
money.

"One of the key reservations, which I agree with, was the possibility of a
special investigator just doing investigations for the sake of earning revenue,"
he said. "We need an expenditure check in place. The auditor doesn't really have
authority in this legislation to slow things down."

If it was determined the special investigator was abusing their authority in
this way, Rothfuss said it would take a "pretty high bar" to remove them from
the position.

"It would take four of the five (state) elected (officials) to terminate the
special investigator," he said. "So maybe we can add something in there that
strengthens that oversight capacity without threatening the utility of the
special investigator."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 4, 2012 Wednesday

Ex-deputy appears in court as defendant in misconduct case

BYLINE: Emiley Morgan Deseret News

LENGTH: 440 words


BRIGHAM CITY ? A former Box Elder County sheriff's deputy appeared in court as a
defendant Wednesday to face a number of criminal charges against him. Scott
Womack, 36, of Brigham City, was arraigned before Justice Court Judge Kevin
Christensen on charges in three of the six separate criminal cases against him.

Womack is facing 11 class B misdemeanors including: lewdness, unlawful
detention, six counts of official misconduct, and three counts of attempted
custodial sexual misconduct. He is also facing a felony charge of custodial
misconduct of a minor, a third-degree felony. The charging documents do not
include information about the alleged crimes, but the felony charge and one
official misconduct charge carry the same date ? Nov. 20, 2010 ? as a lawsuit
currently pending in federal court involving a woman named Tamsen Reid. In her
lawsuit, Reid said she was strip-searched while sitting in the passenger seat of
a car pulled off to the side of I-15 in Box Elder County. She said she was with
four friends driving to Idaho about 11 p.m. during a snowstorm when they were
pulled over for speeding. After checking their IDs, the deputy allegedly told
them that three of the occupants had warrants out for their arrests. He had the
girls lift their shirts and bras up, allegedly to look for drugs, according to
Reid and her lawsuit. Reid said Womack then told her she was wanted in Arizona
for heroin possession. Reid tried to tell the officer she had never done heroin
and never been to Arizona. She believed her ID was stolen because Womack claimed
he ran a check on a computer using her driver's license number, according to the
lawsuit. In an effort to allegedly make positive identification, Womack told
Reid to undress so he could look for tattoos and piercings, the lawsuit states.
After she refused one of the deputy's alleged orders, he said the search was
over and she was allowed to get dressed. She claims the incident lasted about
five minutes while it was snowing and dark outside with few other cars on the
road. A second lawsuit filed against Womack in federal court outlines a similar
incident, but the date in the lawsuit does not match any of the charges. Both
lawsuits are currently pending. Womack "left employment" from the sheriff's
office in March 2011. The Weber County Sheriff's Office conducted a criminal
investigation into Reid's case. The six cases were filed in Tremonton City
Justice Court, Garland City  Justice Court, 1st District Court and Box Elder
County Justice Court and allege incidents that occurred between July of 2010 and
July of 2011. E-mail: emorgan@desnews.com Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 25, 1993, Sunday

MAIN STREET, GA. Decatur artist puts the rabbit in Rabbittown

BYLINE: By Dennis McCafferty STAFF WRITERublications; entertainment;
personalities; police; cities; profiles; employment

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section D; Page 8

LENGTH: 648 words


After you've built giant dragons and towering trolls, what challenge could
possibly be next?

For sculptor and prop artist Dennis S. Walley, a "fortysomething" from Decatur,
the answer was building a small community's hopes with a synthetic-stucco
rabbit.

Banking that a 20-foot statue of a waving rabbit in Rabbittown, Ga., will say a
big "hello" to tourism dollars, local residents want to put their tiny Hall
County town on the map.

Looked like a job for Mr. Walley. A project contractor called him while he
worked on the set of the upcoming movie "The Real McCoy," with Kim Basinger. Mr.
Walley even boasts bunny experience on his resume - working for the show
"Playboy After Dark."

"At first I thought this was going to be a quick thing," said Mr. Walley,
recalling the Rabbittown project. "But then I realized the town wanted a real
feel for the rabbit."

So Mr. Walley got a real feel for Rabbittown.

He read articles about the residents' hopes in building the statue, talked to
citizens and ate in a town diner. The result was Mr. Walley's creation: a
genderless, welcoming rabbit.

A sculptor by trade, Mr. Walley came to Atlanta from Los Angeles with his wife,
Janet. He worked on the King Kong and Miami Vice exhibits at the Universal
Studios tour in Los Angeles, as well as a dinosaur attraction there. The dragon
he built was for an exhibit in Busch Gardens, in Williamsburg, Va., and the
troll was for the Walt Disney World Epcot Center in Orlando.

He's also worked for movies such as "Innerspace" and "Gremlins," as well as for
Rod Stewart and Jeff Beck music videos.

The Rabbittown statue was unveiled April 10, the day before Easter.

City shaken by police chief case

As Adairsville's police chief, Delbert Gray was seen as an efficient,
spit-and-polish cop.

So when he was suspended on administrative charges of misconduct for
irregularities in the police auxiliary fund, people stormed City Hall in
protest. He was then fired in January, and the case has escalated in recent
months, being investigated by the district attorney, then the GBI, and now the
FBI. He has not been charged.

"When this first came out, we were swamped by his supporters who reacted very
negatively," said Mayor Earl Towe. "It's a small town; a lot of people thought a
lot of him. When it all came out, it was a big letdown."

According to City Manager John Simmons, Mr. Gray controlled between $ 50,000 and
$ 100,000 in the auxiliary fund over a three-year period. Officials couldn't
determine exactly how much went through the auxiliary's two bank accounts, he
said, adding that only the chief signed checks.

"When we asked for canceled checks, he conveniently said he burned them all,"
said Mr. Simmons. "There were six or seven vehicles purchased from [the state's
used vehicle division] but only two were ever used by the city."

Mr. Gray's attorney, Sam Cruse, called the city hearings to fire the chief "a
small-town circus" and said his client will file a federal civil rights
violation against the city.

"It was like Peyton Place," said Mr. Cruse. "They didn't talk to him when they
suspended or audited him. We weren't there at the hearing to fire him." (Mr.
Cruse had a jury trial at the time.)

He claims the firing was a power struggle between the chief and Mr. Simmons. He
said the chief burned the checks to keep jail trusties from getting into them
and willingly signed a release that allowed the banks to provide information to
auditors. He said the cars were resold to individuals and other police agencies
and the proceeds returned to the auxiliary fund.

"There's no evidence he pocketed a penny," said Mr. Cruse. "They've slandered
him and are making him look like a thief."

Staff writer Bill Torpy contributed to this column. Main Street, Ga., appears
Wednesdays and Sundays. If you have a story idea or suggestion, call Michael
Schwartz at 526-5342.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931260160

GRAPHIC: Photo: Among the works of Dennis S. Walley of Decatur are this
escalator, foam toaster and ice cream cone. / KIMBERLY SMITH / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           October 22, 2005 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

Post Falls pastor put on leave;
Bishop says priest violated;
'sexual misconduct policies'

BYLINE: Kevin Graman Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 383 words


The pastor of St. George's Catholic Church in Post Falls has been placed on
administrative leave amid allegations of sexual misconduct, according to the
bishop of the Diocese of Boise.

Bishop Michael Driscoll accepted the Rev. William R. Gould's request for leave
from active ministry effective Oct. 16 after learning that the priest "was
involved in activity which violates the Diocese of Boise's sexual misconduct
policies as they relate to adults," Driscoll said in a written statement.

Contacted in Boise, diocesan spokeswoman Colette Cowman declined to explain the
nature of Gould's alleged misconduct other than to say that the priest did
"nothing illegal." She would not say when Gould, who is also pastor of St.
Joseph's Chapel in Spirit Lake and St. Stanislaus Chapel in Rathdrum, could be
expected to return.

"I'm sure as soon as he can work through his difficulties he'll be back," said
Cowman, who added that the diocese was not conducting an investigation into the
matter.

The Post Falls Police Department was told of Gould's suspension, but was assured
by the diocese that it was not a criminal matter, meaning no youths were
involved, said Lt. Greg McLean.

"If something happened, it was out of our jurisdiction," McLean said.

Driscoll attended Mass at St. George's on Oct. 16, when Gould announced his
decision to request leave, according to the bishop's statement. He said it was
the policy of the diocese to address Gould's situation as "a confidential
personnel matter."

"We have developed a plan to provide priests to celebrate the sacraments at St.
George Parish during the next months, and my staff and I will be available to
help both Father Gould and parishioners deal with this situation," Driscoll
said.

Gould, 66, who grew up in Jerome, Idaho, has been a priest for 40 years, having
been ordained in 1965 after graduating from St. Thomas Seminary in Seattle. He
has been at St. George's, a parish of about 1,800 people, since 1990 after three
years at St. Edward Catholic Church in Twin Falls. He has served on the board of
directors of the Post Falls Food Bank and as a trustee of the Post Falls Public
Library.

In 1998, Gould led a petition effort asking local authorities do whatever they
could to stop State Line Showgirls, a strip club near Post Falls, from opening.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 6, 2002, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

GAO reviews Guard conduct

BYLINE: Dave Moniz and Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 412 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Congressional investigators have started the first stage of a
sweeping investigation to determine whether the National Guard is up to the task
of helping defend the USA against terrorism.

The General Accounting Office, Congress' investigative arm, is looking into
whether the military has appropriately punished misconduct by hundreds of
National Guard personnel, including some of the Guard's highest-ranking
commanders.

The probe, ordered by the House Armed Services Committee, comes as the
460,000-member Guard is taking on new responsibilities in the nation's war on
terrorism. It follows disclosures in USA TODAY that the Guard's top commanders
in at least 13 states had mostly gone unpunished in misconduct cases over the
past decade.


USA TODAY also found that National Guard generals were twice as likely to break
military rules as their active-duty counterparts.

The GAO is reviewing more than 600 cases of alleged misconduct by Guard
officials probed by federal inspectors general over the past five years. The
allegations range from sexual harassment to misuse of funds. Investigators hope
to learn how many senior officers were punished for misconduct, and if they were
not, why not.

Reps. John McHugh, R-N.Y., and Vic Snyder, D-Ark., asked the agency to review
the cases to ensure that the military justice system is effective in preventing
misconduct and in preserving the Guard's effectiveness at a time when it is
being increasingly relied on for homeland defense.

One official close to the investigation said the GAO will ask for the full files
on the cases, rather than the one-page summaries already turned over by the
Pentagon. And, the official said, states will be asked to provide documentary
proof of any punishment they say was carried out.

The probe is part of a broader investigation that will include:

 * Whether the process for federal review of top Guard commanders in each state,
known as adjutants general, is sufficient to ensure that they are qualified to
hold their military commands.

 * Whether the military is taking steps to make sure the Guard has enough
soldiers to carry out its job. Many state Guard units have had problems
recruiting, and there is evidence that they have faked reports to show more
troops than they actually have.

 * Whether Guard whistleblowers who report charges of waste, fraud and abuse are
protected from reprisals by senior officers.

LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 6, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

GAO reviews Guard conduct

BYLINE: Dave Moniz and Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Congressional investigators have started the first stage of a
sweeping investigation to determine whether the National Guard is up to the task
of helping defend the USA against terrorism.

The General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, is looking
into whether the military has appropriately punished misconduct by hundreds of
National Guard personnel, including some of the Guard's highest-ranking
commanders.

The investigation, ordered by the House Armed Services Committee, comes as the
460,000-member Guard is taking on new responsibilities in the nation's war on
terrorism. It follows disclosures in USA TODAY that the Guard's top commanders
in at least 13 states had mostly gone unpunished in misconduct cases over the
past decade.


USA TODAY also found that National Guard generals were twice as likely to break
military rules as their active-duty counterparts.

The GAO is reviewing more than 600 cases of alleged misconduct by Guard
officials probed by federal inspectors general over the past five years. The
allegations range from sexual harassment to misuse of funds. Investigators hope
to learn how many senior officers were punished for misconduct, and if they were
not, why not.

Reps. John McHugh, R-N.Y., and Vic Snyder, D-Ark., asked the agency to review
the cases to ensure that the military justice system is effective in preventing
misconduct and in preserving the Guard's effectiveness at a time when it is
being increasingly relied on for homeland defense.

One official close to the investigation said the GAO will ask for the full files
on the cases, rather than the one-page summaries already turned over by the
Pentagon. In addition, the official said, states will be asked to provide
documentary proof of any punishment they say was carried out.

The probe is part of a broader investigation that will include:

 * Whether the process for federal review of top Guard commanders in each state,
known as adjutants general, is sufficient to ensure that they are qualified to
hold their military commands.

 * Whether the military is taking steps to make sure the Guard has enough
soldiers to carry out its job. Many state Guard units have had problems
recruiting, and there is evidence that they have faked reports to show more
troops than they actually have.

 * Whether Guard whistleblowers who report charges of waste, fraud and abuse are
protected from reprisals by senior officers.

LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 18, 2011 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 417 words

RELIGION

Chief bishop respondsin sex misconduct case

The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church on Thursday defended her decision
to allow a former Roman Catholic monk to become an Episcopal priest even after
he admitted to sexual misconduct with a minor.

The Rev. Katharine Jefferts Schori has been criticized for not properly
investigating the Rev. Bede Parry's past when she was bishop of Nevada in 2004.

Jefferts Schori said she knew of only one incident of misconduct when Parry, now
69, sought ordination as an Episcopal priest. She also said that Parry passed a
background check and a psychological evaluation before he was ordained.

- Religion News Service

New York

Pilot accidentally locked in lavatory sets off scare

A pilot accidentally locked himself in the bathroom aboard a flight to New York
and touched off a brief hijacking scare that underscored the fears about air
travel in the wake of 9/11.

The captain of Delta Flight 6132 became stuck in the lavatory Wednesday during
the flight from Asheville, N.C., to La Guardia Airport.

When a passenger with an accent tried to alert the co-pilot, he became alarmed
and notified air traffic controllers, according to a recording of the exchange
from the Web site LiveATC.net.

- Associated Press

California

Immigration sting reveals border-smuggling clues

Eight men have been charged in a sting that investigators say highlights a new
tactic in immigrant smuggling.

According to a federal complaint, the ring relied on cellphones, rather than
guides, to steer migrants across the border east of San Diego.

Investigators say scouts barked commands from nearby mountaintops in Mexico as
their customers navigated each step.

- Associated Press

Conviction questioned because of tweeting juror: A man sent to death row for
robbing and shooting a teenager should have his conviction overturned because a
judge wouldn't dismiss a juror caught tweeting during the trial, the inmate's
lawyers argued Thursday to the Arkansas Supreme Court. Erickson Dimas-Martinez's
lawyer said the judge had ordered jurors not to communicate about the case.

Local businessman to buy San Diego newspaper: A prominent San Diego real estate
developer, Doug Manchester, said Thursday that he has agreed to buy the San
Diego Union-Tribune.

Conn. utility chief quits: The chief executive of Connecticut Light and Power,
the state's largest utility, resigned Thursday after coming under fire for a
slow response to power outages following last month's snowstorm.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 13, 2002 Thursday Home Edition

As bishops talk, women speak up too

BYLINE: GAYLE WHITE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1269 words


As the nation's Catholic bishops meet today in Dallas to address the church's
widening sex abuse scandal, Ellie Harold of Norcross will also be there ---
making sure that she and other victims are not ignored.

Harold will be keeping watch on the bishops as they debate the most contentious
issue of the meeting --- whether to establish a policy of "zero tolerance" for
past sexual misconduct.

And she wants to be sure women's voices are heard amid the cacophony.

Waves of reports of sexual misconduct and cover-ups in the Catholic Church have
broken around the country this year, resulting in the suspension or resignation
of more than 200 of the nation's 46,000 priests and potentially costing the
church millions of dollars in legal fees and settlements.

Two priests have committed suicide after being accused of abuse. And more than
300 lawsuits alleging clerical sexual abuse have been filed in 16 states since
January, according to a review by The Associated Press.

The allegations, affecting dioceses from New England to the West Coast, are so
widespread and serious that U.S. bishops are formulating a national policy on
clergy misconduct.

The bishops themselves are not unscathed. Several, including the cardinals of
Boston and New York, have been accused of harboring child molesters by moving
them from parish to parish and diocese to diocese.

Four bishops --- Bishop Anthony O'Connell of Palm Beach, Fla., Auxiliary Bishop
James F. McCarthy of New York, Bishop J. Kendrick Williams of Lexington, Ky.,
and Archbishop Rembert Weakland of Milwaukee --- have stepped down after being
accused of inappropriate sexual relationships.

Within this context, the country's almost 300 Roman Catholic bishops will
conduct their work at the annual meeting with an audience of almost three times
that many reporters. In a nearby hotel, victims plan their own news conferences
while keeping an eye on the bishops' deliberations.

Girls 'being forgotten'

Throughout the clerical abuse scandal's repeated disclosures, most of the
attention has focused on the sexual abuse of boys and young men. In the shadows
are "thousands upon thousands" of cases of women and girls who have been
sexually abused by priests, said Gary Richard Schoener, a Minnesota psychologist
and expert on sexual abuse by clergy.

Richard Sipe, a researcher and author in the field of sexual abuse, estimates
that one in four children abused by priests are girls, "but girls aren't getting
a fourth of the attention."

Furthermore, he said, four times as many priests are involved with women as with
minors of both genders combined. Although some of those relationships are
clearly consensual, others involve counselors taking inappropriate advantage of
vulnerable parishioners, Sipe said.

Emboldened by outrage, some women are beginning to speak out.

"It's taken us a long time to feel good about being able to stand up for who we
are," said Kate Swiatek, 53, a nurse and former nun who lives in DeKalb County.

Swiatek is among a cluster of local women who, since disclosures of sexual abuse
in the church began unfolding, have begun to share a secret some had kept for
decades.

All say they were molested by the Rev. Clarence Biggers, a priest at St.
Joseph's Church in Marietta, in the early 1960s. Biggers, 90, is now living at
the Monastery of the Holy Spirit in Conyers.

The Rev. Dennis Steik, present-day provincial head of the Marists, the religious
order that assigned Biggers to St. Joseph's, said old files of the order support
the women's allegations.

Swiatek --- who said Biggers, a frequent guest in her childhood home, would
fondle her after she went to bed, expose himself in the country club swimming
pool and put his hand in her bathing suit --- was one of five former St.
Joseph's Catholic School students who attended a brunch hosted by Harold last
weekend.

The gathering got started in Harold's back garden, then moved inside for curried
chicken salad and fruit. Swiatek brought chocolate eclairs "for the 10-year-olds
in us." The last guest left seven hours after the first had arrived.

Some of the women said they had been molested repeatedly by Biggers. Others had
experienced a single incident.

Some didn't want to talk about what happened to them. Others couldn't stop.

Steik, representing the Marists, was also there.

'Thinking it was just me'

Everyone seemed to find catharsis in finally getting the truth out into the
open.

"To think I went through all those years thinking it was just me," said Pat
Hajduk, 51. "Now I know there's five of us. Probably there are many, many more
we don't know about."

Her long-held feeling of isolation is not unusual, say experts in the field of
child sexual abuse.

Men and women who were sexually abused as children often keep silent for years,
said Schoener.

If they do come forward, he said, females are more likely than males to be
blamed for what happened to them.

"If you go into a case with a little girl, they're going to try to paint her as
seductive," he said. "I've never seen that done with little boys."

Girls themselves may feel somehow to blame, or may feel unworthy of bringing
allegations against a man of God, said Sipe.

Swiatek concurs. "I think Catholic women have basically been educated to revere
the priests," she said. "The message is, we're here to serve you. Being taken
advantage of sexually only reinforces that."

Some of the families of the priest's victims felt scorned after one girl told
her parents what he had done to her and the parents wrote a letter of complaint.

"These were all people who were very active in the church and school, who gave
constantly of their time and money," said Swiatek, "and they were suddenly
pariahs."

Some families left the school and church because of the backlash. To children,
who didn't know about the letter and the other victims, being removed felt like
punishment.

"The next thing I knew, my brother and I were pulled out of school," said
Hajduk. "And no one ever mentioned it to me again. It was like it never
happened."

In general, people may be more horrified by same-sex abuse than by men molesting
girls, said Susan Archibald, a victim activist who said she was abused by a
Catholic chaplain at the Air Force Academy her freshman year.

Biggers himself reflected this attitude, according to Harold.

Confronted at the monastery in 1991, she said, the priest told her: "At least
I'm not like those priests you read about in the newspaper. . . . I've never
done anything with little boys."

Archibald is organizing a panel on female victims that will take place in Dallas
while the bishops are meeting. Harold, who will be there, is planning to
organize an Atlanta branch of a national victims organization.

To those who say victims should "just get over it," Harold explains the
significance: "This was my first sexual experience. That's what's so profound.
It paints every other contact of that sort."

She worries that women's voices will go unheard.

"My concern is, it looks as if the church is going to focus on the problem being
one of homosexual priests," she said. "The danger is they will try to install
safeguards to avoid that, scapegoat the gay priests, and totally overlook the
women, the vulnerable girls."

But she, Swiatek and Hajduk look at the revelations as a beginning.

"If any good can come of this, it's that we're together," said Hajduk, who
recently left a sales job to pursue a long-held dream and become a flight
attendant. "We are able to take the next step --- what are we going to do about
it?"

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Donna Morrissey, Boston Archdiocese spokeswoman (second from
left), greets Boston Cardinal Bernard Law on Wednesday in Dallas as U.S. bishops
gather for their annual meeting. Victims of clergy sexual abuse are in Dallas to
add their voices to the debate. / EVAN RICHMAN / Boston Globe

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday

Police misconduct hearings can be private, court decides;
BERKELEY: Ruling in Alameda County based on verdict in San Diego protecting
confidentiality of personnel issues

BYLINE: Thomas Peele, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 535 words


Public hearings of misconduct complaints against police officers violate their
rights to confidentiality in personnel matters, an Alameda County Superior Court
Judge has ruled.

In a 17-page decision released Friday, Superior Court Judge Winifred Smith,
decided in favor of the Berkeley Police Association, which for years has tried
to close to the public meetings of the city's Police Review Commission.

"This confirms that there are no further public hearings," said Alison Berry
Wilkinson, a Pleasant Hill attorney who represents Berkeley officers.

"This is a sad day for public accountability," Berkeley City Attorney Manuela
Albuquerque said in a statement. "The decision shields police conduct from
public scrutiny, even though police officers wield awesome and intrusive
powers."

Albuquerque said she will meet with the City Council next week to discuss
whether to appeal.

Smith's decision follows a California Supreme Court decision last year that
ruled all personnel matters involving police, including misconduct cases, are
not public. That case involved a fired San Diego County sheriff's deputy who
argued that records of the deputy's appeal to the county Civil Service
Commission were confidential.

Wilkinson said there is "no doubt that the (Berkeley) case turned on" the San
Diego ruling.

On Monday, the California Newspaper Publishers Association's general counsel
said his group and the ACLU are co-sponsoring legislation aimed at overturning
the impact of the San Diego case.

Assembly member Mark Leno, D-San Francisco and state Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los
Angeles, each will introduce such legislation later this month, said the
publishers association lawyer, Tom Newton.

"The only hope is for the legislature to act and recreate an environment in
which cities can decide for themselves if they want to allow public
accountability," Newton said.

The bill would allow cities to hold public hearings on misconduct allegations.
Prior to the San Diego decision, Oakland, Berkeley, San Francisco and Los
Angeles conducted at least some police disciplinary decision-making in public.
Other than Berkeley, the cities stopped public hearings after the Supreme Court
ruling involving the San Diego deputy.

The bills would also allow disclosure under the California Public Records Act of
what Newton called "the basic facts" in cases where serious discipline is meted
out against police officers. Unproved allegations and what Newton called trivial
disciplinary matters would be exempt.

Wilkinson said police officers' reputations can be easily ruined by false
allegations, and the basic nature of their jobs requires their reputations be
protected, she said. Those protections, she added, deserve to be extended to
cases even where allegations are found to be true, because if "the decisions can
reversed, the bell cannot be unrung. You can't go back."

Other government employees enjoy no such protections. When allegations against
them are found to be true and discipline is imposed, the details of the case are
disclosable under state law.

Newton and other advocates of open government say the taxpayers need and have a
right to apply the same scrutiny to police.

Reach Thomas Peele at tpeele@cctimes.com or 925-977-8463.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                              June 22, 2015 Monday

Attorney's license suspended for misconduct in Arizona

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 513  words


The Wisconsin State Supreme Court has suspended the law license of an Arizona
attorney for 60 days.

Michael Strizic graduated from the University of Wisconsin Law School in 1975.
His license has been suspended for failing to complete continuing-education
requirements and not paying dues. The State Bar and Office of Lawyer Regulation
list a Mesa, Ariz., address for Strizic, but no telephone number. He was also
licensed to practice law in Illinois in 1981. His listing with the Illinois
State Bar under the name Allan Strizic lists a Denver, Colo., address, but the
phone number listed is no longer his.

He could not be reached by email Friday.

Friday's discipline stems from an OLR complaint filed in January 2014. The
complaint was prompted when the presiding disciplinary judge for the Supreme
Court of Arizona reprimanded Strizic in April 2013 for making himself the
beneficiary in a client's will, refusing to cooperate with the investigation of
the misconduct and presenting himself to clients as though he was licensed to
practice in the state.

Strizic in 2007 notarized a document that named him the trustee of the client's
will, which stated that the woman would leave a condominium, horse trailer,
horse and pickup trucks to Strizic's ex-wife, according to court documents. The
client, according to court documents, had multiple sclerosis and was an
alcoholic.

The client died three years after Strizic notarized the will, and the woman's
sister tried to have Strizic removed as the trustee in 2010.

By Arizona law, because Strizic was not licensed to practice in the state, the
judge could only reprimand him for the misconduct.  The OLR sought to have
Strizic's license revoked, noting that the Arizona judge "would have ordered
disbarment" if Strizic had been licensed to practice in that state.

Strizic responded to the complaint, according to court documents, and contended
he had not been given timely notice of the Arizona disciplinary investigation
and that Arizona's disciplinary proceedings lacked proof of the misconduct.

The OLR and Strizic reached a stipulation, with Strizic pleading no contest to
two counts of misconduct identified by the OLR: violating Arizona's rules of
professional conduct and failing to report the discipline to the OLR. The OLR
and Strizic agreed on a 60-day suspension of his law license rather than
revocation.

The court-appointed referee also agreed with the stipulation. According to court
documents, the OLR, in the stipulation, found evidence that Strizic did not
receive notice of the Arizona disciplinary hearing and that the OLR found
evidence contradictory to what was found in Arizona's disciplinary
investigation. What that evidence was, however, was not mentioned in the
stipulation, according to the court's decision.

The high court also ordered Strizic to pay half of the costs of the Wisconsin
disciplinary proceeding, or about $773.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

High court suspends Eau Claire attorney's license

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 305  words


The Wisconsin Supreme Court has suspended an Eau Claire attorney's license over
his mishandling of a tax appeals case.

Tuesday's disciplinary action stems from a complaint filed by the Office of
Lawyer Regulation in September, charging James Moldenhauer with two counts of
misconduct involving tax matters he handled for a couple.

Moldenhauer failed to appear at his clients' hearing before the Tax Appeals
Commission, resulting in the dismissal of the case, according to the complaint.
He also failed to inform his clients about the dismissal and failed to
communicate with them. The clients eventually sued him for malpractice and
breach of contract, and they reached a settlement with Moldenhauer for $50,000.

The OLR had asked the justices to suspend Moldenhauer's license for the
misconduct. Moldenhauer reached a stipulation with the OLR, agreeing that the
misconduct was accurate and agreeing with the discipline the OLR had sought.

The justices on Tuesday agreed with the OLR, suspending Moldenhauer's license
for 60 days. In doling out the discipline, the justices noted that the court had
already privately reprimanded Moldenhauer once and publicly reprimanded him
three times from 2006 to 2012 for similar misconduct.

"We agree with the OLR's observation in its memorandum in support of the
stipulation that Attorney Moldenhauer's previous private and public reprimands
for similar misconduct have not impressed upon him the importance of his ethical
obligations," the court wrote.

Moldenhauer earned his law degree from Hamline University School of Law in St.
Paul, Minn., and has been licensed to practice law in Wisconsin since 1982.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Michigan releases investigation report

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 273 words


April 14--ANN ARBOR -- The University of Michigan Central Student Government
tonight released a report on its investigation of the university's handling of
the new student sexual misconduct policy.

The task force, formed in February, and the investigation and its findings stem
from the December expulsion of Brendan Gibbons for violating the school's
student sexual misconduct policy, stemming from a 2009 incident.

The 50-page report includes the task force's findings, and recommendations the
Central Student Government makes to its president. Among those findings:

--that the university failed to explain a four-year delay between the conduct of
Gibbons, a kicker on the football team, and his explusion.

--that the university failed to investigate Gibbon's alleged sexual misconduct
within the sixty-day period specified in the Sexual Misconduct Policy, after a
third party contacted the university's Title IX office with a complaint alleging
Gibbons' committed sexual assault conduct in 2009.

--that "either OIE/OSCR [Office of Instutitional Equity/Office of Student
Conflict Resolution] failed to consistently communicate with the Athletic
Department, the Athletic Department failed to consistently communicate with its
coaches regarding ongoing student athlete disciplinary matters, or Brady Hoke
knowingly issued false statements in December, 2013, concerning the status of
Gibbons," who did not travel to the Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl for what Hoke, the
football coach, said on Dec. 23 were "family issues."

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140414-TO-Michigan-releases-investigation-report-0414-20140414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Mercury News editorial: TSA looks even worse in Congress' report

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 468 words


Critics of the stepped-up security presence at American airports since the Sept.
11, 2001 terrorist attacks have always said that while it looks good, it isn't
really making travelers much safer.

Now, more and more, it doesn't even look good.

After a series of scandals marred the image of the Transportation Security
Administration, a congressional committee investigated the TSA's efforts to head
off employee misconduct. The result is a new report from the staff of the House
Homeland Security Committee whose title does further wonders for the agency's
reputation: "Misconduct at TSA Threatens the Security of the Flying Public."

Of particular concern in the 29-page report is that the instances of misconduct
have grown at an alarming rate in the last six years, even after a watchdog
investigation revealed substantial misconduct.

For example, the report noted that in December a federal grand jury charged a
TSA officer at Oakland International Airport with using her position to
facilitate drug smuggling through the security checkpoint. The officer allegedly
helped smuggle more than 100 kilograms of marijuana over a two-year period.

The report notes this is a problem everywhere, which is troubling because
everywhere is where we all fly.

The eye-popping statistic is a 28.5 percent increase in reported misconduct by
TSA workers nationwide from 2013 to 2015, when the annual number of allegations
climbed to 17,627, equating to about one for every three full-time employees.

The biggest category of misconduct was "neglect of duty," which doubled in the
two years ending in 2015, to 1,206 incidents nationwide. Neglect of duty is
described as "inattention to duty resulting in a loss of property or life;
careless inspection; negligent performance of duties; failure to exercise due
diligence in performance of duties; failure to follow procedures."

Another of the eight categories of misconduct that saw increases is "integrity
and ethics," which covers accepting bribes and other criminal conduct. Try not
to think about that the next time you're standing in a long checkpoint line.

The misconduct ranges from salacious (federal air marshals spending government
money on hotel rooms for romps with prostitutes) to downright dangerous (an
officer in Orlando taking bribes to smuggle Brazilian nationals through a
checkpoint without questioning).

The House report says that while allegations have been rising, the TSA has taken
fewer disciplinary actions against employees. A faulty disciplinary system
contributes to low morale. As the report says, "Employee misconduct of all types
corrupts TSA's core mission to protect the traveling public and poses serious
security vulnerabilities."

The TSA's job is to make airline passengers feel safer and, not incidentally,
actually make us safer. It's failing on both.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, travelers stand in line as they
prepare to pass through a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint at
Miami International Airport, in Miami. The Transportation Security
Administration said Tuesday, July 5, 2016, it will work with American Airlines
to speed up security lines. The agency will test CT scanners in Phoenix, and
roll out redesigned security lanes this fall in Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and
Miami. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz)
In this Thursday, May 26, 2016, photo, travelers stand in line as they prepare
to pass through a Transportation Security Administration checkpoint at Miami
International Airport, in Miami. The Transportation Security Administration said
Tuesday, July 5, 2016, it will work with American Airlines to speed up security
lines. The agency will test CT scanners in Phoenix, and roll out redesigned
security lanes this fall in Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and Miami. (AP
Photo/Alan Diaz)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

LENGTH: 707 words


WASHINGTON - More than 18 months after a prostitution scandal in South America
rocked the Secret Service, the agency in charge of protecting the president is
investigating another case of suspected sexual misconduct in its ranks.

This time, two supervisory agents assigned to President Barack Obama's
protective detail have been investigated for misconduct involving sexually
suggestive emails sent to a female subordinate. The alleged misconduct doesn't
appear to involve a breach of Obama's security.

According to The Washington Post, which first reported the inquiry Wednesday,
supervisor Ignacio Zamora Jr. was reassigned. Timothy Barraclough, also a
supervisor, remains with the presidential protection division.

NATION

CALIF. LAWMAKER SAYS HE WAS ASKED TO WEAR WIRE: Embattled state Sen. Ron
Calderon says federal authorities wanted him to wear a wire and record
conversations with the Senate leader and another lawmaker, and after he refused
they tried to ruin his reputation by raiding his offices and leaking an FBI
affidavit alleging he took money in return for promoting bills.

Calderon, who hasn't been charged and has denied any wrongdoing, made the
allegations in a complaint filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Sacramento.
The Democrat from the Los Angeles-area city of Montebello asked a judge to hold
federal investigators and prosecutors in contempt for leaking the sealed
affidavit, which was written to support a search warrant for Calderon's
Sacramento offices.

FEDS SEEK PAYMENT IN BUILDING COLLAPSE:  Federal officials cited glaring
violations of accepted safety standards Thursday in proposing nearly $400,000 in
fines against two companies involved in a botched building demolition in
Philadelphia that killed six people.

The willful and serious breaches by Campbell Construction and S&R Contracting
led to the collapse of a large masonry wall onto a thrift store, according to
the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.

Workers had been knocking down a vacant structure in June when an unsupported
four-story wall crashed down onto an adjacent Salvation Army store filled with
shoppers, killing six and injuring more than a dozen.

BABY ILLNESSES TIED TO REFUSAL OF SHOTS: Health officials are reporting four
Tennessee cases of a rare infant illness have been linked to parents refusing a
routine shot for newborns.

The four Nashville-area infants suffered brain or stomach bleeding earlier this
year. Their parents had declined vitamin K shots, which have routinely been
given to newborns since 1961. The shots improve blood clotting and prevent
internal bleeding. All four children were treated with vitamin K and survived.

SOMALIS SENTENCED IN PIRACY SLAYINGS: A federal judge sentenced two more Somali
pirates to life in prison without parole for their roles in the shooting deaths
of four Americans aboard their yacht off the coast of Africa.

Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith sentenced Abukar Osman Beyle, 33, and
Shani Nurani Shiekh Abrar, 31, to serve 21 life sentences in all, 19 of them
consecutively, during hearings on Wednesday and Thursday in Norfolk, Va. They
each received the same term as Ahmed Muse Salad, 27, who was sentenced Tuesday.

COURT SAYS GOLD TABLET BELONGS TO GERMANS:  In a ruling rejecting any claims to
the "spoils of war," New York's highest court concluded Thursday that an ancient
gold tablet must be returned to the German museum that lost it in World War II.

The Court of Appeals unanimously agreed that Riven Flamenbaum's estate isn't
entitled to the 3,000-year-old Assyrian relic, a 9.5-gram (.34-ounce) tablet
smaller than a credit card.

The tablet, inscribed with an exhortation to honor King Tukulti-Ninurta I, was
excavated a century ago by German archaeologists from the Ishtar Temple in what
is now northern Iraq.

WORLD

FRENCH PRIEST KIDNAPPED IN CAMEROON: A French priest was kidnapped from his
northern Cameroon parish home by heavily armed men in a region where the radical
Islamic sect Boko Haram operates, French officials said Thursday.

The gunmen fired into the air as they fled on motorbikes with their captive, one
witness said.

Georges Vandenbeusch was kidnapped in the region of Koza, in the extreme north
of the country.

FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 14, 1999, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CLINTON WANTS POLICE TO IMPROVE PUBLIC IMAGE, PROPOSES MORE TRAINING;
MISCONDUCT CHARGES "HAVE SHAKEN...FAITH," HE SAID

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A9

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, ARK.


Expressing concern that recent charges of police misconduct could undermine the
fight against crime, President Bill Clinton on Saturday proposed improved
training and other steps to restore "the bonds of trust" between the public and
law enforcement.

"I have been deeply disturbed by recent allegations of serious police misconduct
and continued reports of racial profiling that have shaken some communities'
faith in the police who are there to protect them," Clinton said.

Recent questionable shootings by police that took the lives of young blacks in
New York, Pittsburgh and Riverside, Calif., have revived debate about how
officers handle confrontations with minorities. In New Jersey, state troopers
have come under fire for conducting traffic stops based on a driver's race -
so-called racial profiling.

Leaders of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, the
National Council of La Raza, the National Asian Pacific American Legal
Consortium and other groups have called on Clinton to speak out against police
brutality and withhold federal funds from departments with poor records.

The president used his weekly radio address to speak to those concerns. He also
offered a series of federal initiatives and policy suggestions designed to
bolster public confidence in law enforcement.

Clinton touted the steady drop in crime nationwide since his administration
began promoting community policing. But he cautioned that those advances could
be undermined if public trust in the police waned. "While each specific
allegation will have to be dealt with on its own merits, it is clear that we
need a renewed determination as a nation to restore those bonds of trust that
have been absolutely critical to our success at lowering the crime rate," he
said.    $ 40 million for training

To enhance relations between the police and citizens, the president said he
would instruct the Justice Department to expand police ethics training at 30
regional community policing centers. He proposed a $ 40 million funding increase
to improve police training nationwide.

The president taped his address at the White House on Friday before flying to
Hope, Ark., to dedicate his birthplace as a historical site and to raise money
for Democrats.

Clinton was attending two events in Little Rock on Saturday, and expected to
raise $ 200,000 at each of them for the Democratic National Committee and the
state party.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              November 12, 1994, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Eagleson under fire Orr allegedly could have had share of Bruins

BYLINE: by Mary Ormsby TORONTO STAR

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 756 words


   Bobby Orr once could have had partial ownership of the Boston Bruins - a
slice worth as much as $22 million today - according to allegations made by the
Law Society of Upper Canada.

The society has charged Alan Eagleson, the former head of the NHL Players'
Association and Orr's one-time agent, with professional misconduct and conduct
unbecoming a barrister and solicitor.

In a 17-page complaint authorized against Eagleson, the society alleges that
Eagleson, in 1975 and 1976, "deliberately failed to disclose to Orr that he had
received an offer from Boston which included an 18.5 per cent ownership of the
hockey club, thereby misleading Orr."

Financial World magazine valued the Bruins at $88 million (U.S.) earlier this
year. Based on that evaluation, the 18.5 per cent portion of the club Orr might
once have owned could be worth as much as $16.3 million today in U.S. dollars,
or about $22 million in Canadian funds.

Orr, the law society alleges, specifically told Eagleson, his agent at the time,
that he preferred to play with Boston, but Eagleson, having withheld information
about the proposed stake in the Bruins, arranged for the hall of fame defenceman
to sign instead with the Chicago Blackhawks.

The law society document later mentions that Eagleson had a "personal
friendship" with Blackhawks owner Bill Wirtz.

Orr did not return a phone message left by The Star at his Boston home.

Eagleson, who was indicted by a U.S. grand jury this year and is the subject of
a continuing RCMP investigation, could not be reached at his Rosedale home nor
at his downtown Toronto office.

J. Edgar Sexton, one of Eagleson's Toronto lawyers, released a prepared
statement which said the "charges will be vigorously defended at the appropriate
time."

The release of the complaint was a bittersweet moment for some who have
questioned Eagleson's activities as head of the NHLPA.

"Because of the contacts I have had with the law society, I frankly expected a
whitewash," said former Maple Leaf Carl Brewer, who was instrumental in
launching a successful, unrelated lawsuit against the NHL over misappropriated
pension funds. "Then they come out with a 17-page, 44-allegation (complaint).
That's amazing. Then to have read it and seen that they've been so thorough . .
. that's interesting."

Rich Winter, an Edmonton-based hockey agent and a rival of Eagleson's, was the
first to formally complain to the law society about Eagleson in a letter dated
Jan. 16, 1990.

"I'm very disappointed and very critical of the time it took to get to this
point," Winter said. "But I expected that after it had been delayed for so long
that they'd come up with something pretty good and they succeeded. The depth and
breadth of (the complaint) is almost mind-boggling."

Bob Dailey, one of the former NHL players the law society alleged Eagleson
improperly billed, was critical of the length of time the Canadian investigation
took.

"It's been four years. You wonder why it has taken so long in Canada to bring
something out," said the Philadelphia-based businessman. "Maybe things are just
a little slower up there."

The law society complaint also alleged that Eagleson's friendship with Wirtz and
Blackhawks general manager Bob Pulford placed him in a conflict-of-interest
while he was acting as an agent for player Jimmy Harrison.

The society alleges that a grievance filed by Harrison was resolved with a
settlement contrary to the player's interests.

Harrison, who needs more surgery on his back injured while in the NHL, was
pleased with the society's work.

"A fourth surgery is a concern for me because it's so risky and that's been on
my mind," Harrison said from his British Columbia home. "But the (complaint)
against Eagleson is good news to me."

The society also alleged that Eagleson improperly invested funds belonging to
his client, the NHL Players' Association and the Canada Cup and Hockey Canada in
a mortgage loan to lawyer Howard Ungerman, in trust, "in order to appropriate
personal financial benefits through Jialson Holdings Limited, a company
controlled by him, without disclosing those benefits or his interest in the
property to the NHLPA or Hockey Canada."

Eagleson has a law partnership with Ungerman.

Hockey Canada president Ron Robison yesterday confirmed that an in-house
investigation into its affairs with Eagleson, which was suspended after 13
months in March due to mounting legal costs and its inability to obtain key
information, is still shelved.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star color file photo (ANDREW STAWICKI) RAW DEAL: Hall of Famer Bobby
Orr was misled by agent Alan Eagleson over contract offer from Bruins, Law
Society of Upper Canada alleges.

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 25, 1989 Saturday

Kordic suspended for one Leaf game

BYLINE: GARY LOEWEN; GAM

LENGTH: 454 words


BY  GARY LOEWEN
 The Globe and Mail
   Injuries already have removed their top scorer and their top checker
from the Toronto Maple Leafs ' lineup.

Now, a suspension will force them to do without their top fighter for a
game.

Right winger John Kordic drew his third game misconduct of the season
in Thursday's 6-0 loss to the Boston Bruins, resulting in an automatic
one-game suspension. He will be out of the lineup tonight as the Leafs try
to snap out of a four-game losing streak.

Kordic was tossed out of Thursday's game for his part in a brawl late
in the third period. The other game misconducts stemmed from a fight in
Buffalo on Oct. 11 and from an obscene gesture to fans in Minnesota on
Nov. 12. The league will not take further action on the latter infraction,
National Hockey League spokesman Gary Meagher said.

However, at his current pace of one misconduct every eight games,
Kordic could wind up with substantial suspensions before the season is
out. For each subsequent game misconduct, the suspension to Kordic will
increase by one game.

The timing isn't the best for the Leafs, who will be without defensive
specialist Dave Hannan (strained knee ligaments) and sniper Daniel Marois
(slight shoulder separation) tonight.

Hannan, who reinjured his left knee upon returning to the lineup last
week, had a re-examination yesterday and was told not to skate for one
week.

Marois, expected back a week ago, will miss his sixth consecutive game.

The Leafs yesterday had no plans to call up a replacement from the
Newmarket Saints. Coach Doug Carpenter has 12 forwards at his disposal,
counting swingman Todd Gill.

Carpenter doesn't like to shuffle Gill from defence to forward but has
been forced to in recent games because of injuries.

Gill doesn't like it, either.

'But you've got to do as you're told, I guess. It's better than  sitting (out).

'I thought I was playing fairly good on defence until I made a bone-  head play
(a back-pass that almost resulted in an opposition goal in a  game against St.
Louis nine days ago).

'After that, I got the boot. It's tough not knowing if you're going to  play
forward or defence. It's unbelievable how out of whack you are when  you move
back.'     NOTES - Leaf general manager Floyd Smith was in Philadelphia
yesterday,  scouting the Flyers' game against Edmonton. . . . Farmhand Jack
Capuano  has left the Newmarket Saints in an attempt to force a trade. The Leafs
have suspended him. The ploy worked for Jimmy Carson, but Capuano isn't  quite
in Carson's league. . . . The Leafs are in the midst of a stretch  where they
play nine of 10 games on the road, but Carpenter has stopped  using it as a
crutch. 'I'm going to forget about the schedule. Let's not  use it as an
excuse.'

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 27, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Debate on New York Police Board Heats Up While Complaints Fall

BYLINE: By JAMES C. McKINLEY Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1313 words


New Yorkers are filing far fewer complaints alleging police brutality and
misconduct, but this trend has intensified rather than dissolved the debate
about brutality and the board that investigates it.

Statistics compiled by the New York City Police Department show that the number
of complaints has fallen steadily since 1985, when a record 7,073 were filed.
Newly released police figures show that only 3,379 complaints were filed last
year.

Police officials attribute the drop to changes since 1987 that expanded the
number of civilians on the Civilian Complaint Review Board and improved the
quality of its investigations. They also say new training programs that began
after the Tompkins Square Park disturbance in August 1988 -- when the police
were accused of beating dozens of people protesting the nightly closing of the
park -- have succeeded in teaching officers to be more sensitive to people from
other ethnic and political backgrounds.

A Call for Subpoena Powers

But the department's critics, including some community boards and the New York
Civil Liberties Union, contend that the steep decline in complaints stems from a
growing public skepticism about the board's willingness to aggressively pursue
charges against officers. The civil liberties union has begun a campaign to
transform the board into an independent civilian body with subpoena powers.

"What these numbers reflect is the growing cynicism of New Yorkers," Norman
Siegel, executive director of the civil liberties union, said. "More and more
New Yorkers, mostly people of color and poor people, have lost confidence and
faith in the board."

The questions raised by the civil liberties union about the civilian review
board's effectiveness come at a time when police brutality is being debated
nationwide after a black man was severely beaten by several white police
officers in Los Angeles and a witness caught the incident on videotape.

While that was still fresh in the minds of Americans, five New York officers
were indicted on murder charges in the death of a 21-year-old Hispanic man who
died during a struggle with the police after they hauled him out of a stolen car
in Rego Park, Queens.

Sandra M. Marsh, the Deputy Police Commissioner who oversees the board and its
investigative team, said Mr. Siegel's criticisms were "an oversimplification"
that ignored the strides the Police Department had made in training new recruits
to avoid abusive behavior and in making their supervisors more accountable for
lapses in the rank and file.

"I don't think it's a question of people reporting fewer of the incidents," she
said. "After Tompkins Square Park I don't think there is a person on the planet
that doesn't know about our board or where to file the complaint."

A 12-Member Board

The 12-member civilian review board -- made up of six people appointed by the
Mayor and six civilian officials in the Police Department -- rarely hears
evidence about severe brutality cases in which people have been killed or
severely injured by the police. These cases are handled by the department's
Internal Affairs Division and the District Attorney's office.

But the board members do make recommendations about thousands of complaints
ranging from those from people who say officers have insulted them in vulgar
terms to those from people who contend that they have been beaten. For the
police, the number of complaints is a barometer of their image in the community.

A team of 51 investigators -- of which 12 are civilians -- checks into the
complaints, but in the vast majority of cases the investigators cannot find a
witness or other evidence to corroborate the complainant's allegation against an
officer or officers and the case ends up being listed as "unsubstantiated,"
current and former members of the board said.

Trials Recommended

"In a large number of cases, it's just the complainant's word against the police
officer's word," a former member of the board, Dan Johnston, said. "It's very
seldom you have videotaped evidence or third-party witnesses."

If a case is substantiated, the board recommends that a trial be held in front
of an administrative law judge, and the officer or officers then face
departmental charges, which carry penalties ranging from loss of vacation to
dismissal.

Mr. Siegel of the civil liberties union argued that the low number of cases
substantiated by investigators fed mistrust among New Yorkers, especially
minorities. In 1988, for instance, only 157 of the 4,178 complaints were
substantiated by investigators. Of the 3,515 complaints in 1989, 93 were
substantiated.

'People Didn't Understand'

An independent survey of people who filed complaints with the board, made by the
Vera Institute of Justice, supported this theory. Only 16 percent of the people
whose cases were deemed worthy of investigation were happy with the outcome.

"People didn't understand what's behind the outcome," said a senior researcher
at Vera, Michelle Sviridoff. "There is little effort to explain it to them. They
get a form letter."

Ms. Sviridoff said the study found that the large number of cases that were
termed unsubstantiated "looks fishy to the public" because many people did not
understand the rules of evidence.

Other criticisms raised by the civil liberties union in a report prepared last
year included a reporting system that appeared to discourage precinct commanders
from reporting subordinates and a code of silence among officers.

The report points out that in the more than 8,000 complaints investigated in
1987 and 1988, there was not a single instance of an officer coming forward with
information about a colleague. It also says that during 1988 and 1989, when
precinct commanders were asked to submit monthly reports about complaints, the
number of complaints at police station houses dropped by more than a third,
while the number of complaints to the review board rose marginally.

All-Civilian Board?

Armed with these arguments, Mr. Siegel has been barnstorming community boards in
the last three months to win support for an independent all-civilian board.
Police Commissioner Lee P. Brown has strenuously opposed that idea, arguing that
he must have final say over the disciplining of police officers. So far, nine
community boards, mostly in predominantly black and Hispanic sections of the
city, have voted to support the changes.

The makeup of the board has been a dangerous issue since the political
bloodletting in the mid-1960's during the administration of Mayor John V.
Lindsay, when the first review board was established. Given the current
atmosphere of distrust, the battle shaping up over the proposed changes in the
board could have serious consequences for the Dinkins adminstration and the
Police Commissioner.

Ms. Marsh, the Deputy Commissioner, said that "suggesting an all-external board
will somehow be a panacea, that it can prevent police brutality, that is Alice
in Wonderland." She added that "officers won't cooperate with it."

The record number of complaints in 1985, a sharp rise from the preceding year,
stemmed in part from the appointment of the city's first black Police
Commissioner, Benjamin Ward, who quickly sent a strong message that he would not
tolerate corruption or abuse and that he would put a great deal of stock in the
civilian review board, said Barbara Price, a professor at John Jay College of
Criminal Justice.

Mr. Ward's tenure also came on the heels of well-publicized Congressional
hearings on police brutality held at a Harlem armory in late September 1983 by
Representative John Conyers Jr., a Michigan Democrat.

The hearings, which came after the beating of a minister by officers, stirred a
public outcry and put pressure on Mayor Edward I. Koch and his Police
Commissioner to take a hard line on the issue.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph shows number of complaints of police misconduct filed with
Civilian Complaint Review Board each year from '84 to '90 (Source: Civilian
Complaint Review Board) (pg. A1)

Chart: 'Complaints Against the Police'

Misconduct complaints filed with Civilian Complaint Review Board. An officer can
be accused of more than one offense in each complaint. Some complaints were
dropped in subsequent years.
Year Total    Unnecessary          Abuse    Discourtesy         Ethnic
             use of force   of authority                         slurs
1984 6,698          3,525          3,363          3,118            354
1985 7,073          3,352          3,516          3,194            221
1986 5,128          3,295          1,489          1,893            274
1987 4,757          3,106          1,618          1,989            379
1988 4,178          2,874          1,315          1,794            374
1989 3,515          2,410          1,144          1,664            370
1990 3,379          2,364          1,018          1,539            393
(pg. B4)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                 August 4, 2008

N.C. State Bar ethics opinion would prohibit frivolous claims of misconduct

BYLINE: Guy Loranger

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1092  words


A proposed State Bar ethics opinion that would prohibit frivolous accusations of
prosecutorial misconduct could cause more trouble than it solves, criminal
defense attorneys are saying.

Proposed 2008 Formal Ethics Opinion 9 would bar a lawyer from making a
prosecutorial misconduct claim unless the lawyer had a reasonable belief that it
was based in law and fact and could articulate that basis in either an oral or
written motion.

Because the state's ethics rules already prohibit frivolous claims and false
statements, Raleigh criminal defense attorney Brad Bannon questioned the need
for the proposed opinion.

Instead of fixing a problem, he said, 2008 FEO 9 could actually end up deterring
legitimate misconduct claims while restricting lawyers' exercise of free speech.

"If adopted, it would enhance the ethics rules as they relate specifically to
criticism of public prosecutors," Bannon said. "It's a dangerous precedent. It's
unnecessary. And it's possibly unconstitutional. "

However, Michael K. Hardin Jr., a senior district attorney in Hoke and Scotland
counties, said the State Bar's ethics committee needed to address a disturbing
trend.

Hardin, who lectures at a national training center for prosecutors at the
University of South Carolina School of Law, said defense lawyers are
increasingly filing "form motions" that make general allegations of
prosecutorial misconduct in a bid to gain a strategic advantage or have a
prosecutor removed from a case.

That prompted him to write a letter to the State Bar earlier this year that led
to 2008 FEO 9.

Although the State Bar Council initially considered answering Hardin's inquiry
in an unpublished ethics decision, it voted in July to publish the opinion for
comment.

"I think when you use the term 'misconduct,' it implies an act that was done
intentionally and dishonestly, and if you use that terminology, you should have
to justify why you are using it," Hardin said.

"I don't think that's a term you should use loosely because if it's done in a
way that it becomes public, like in court or in a motion, you risk damaging
somebody's reputation. "

BUZZ TERM

Prosecutorial misconduct has become a buzz term in North Carolina in recent
years due to a series of high-profile cases, such as the 1998 Alan Gell murder
trial and 2006 Duke lacrosse rape case.

In both cases, the prosecutors were accused of intentionally withholding
exculpatory evidence and engaging in other unethical conduct. Although the Gell
case led to only a reprimand for the prosecutors involved, the Duke case ended
with former Durham district attorney Mike Nifong losing his law license.

"What we've all witnessed over the last few years has not necessarily made for
improved relations between prosecutors and the defense bar, so everybody has
been a little edgy," said Peg Dorer, the director of the N.C. Conference of
District Attorneys.

"And I think there have been increasing accusations of prosecutorial misconduct,
whether founded or not, as a result of that. "

>G. Bryan Collins Jr., the president of the N.C. Public Defenders Association,
said he hasn't seen any increase in misconduct claims.

However, he said he has observed more litigation over alleged violations of the
state's open-file discovery law, which took effect in 2004.

That litigation has led to confusion about what "prosecutorial misconduct"
means, Collins said.

In some cases, it could mean an inadvertent failure to follow the discovery
rules, which would prompt a defense lawyer to file a claim for relief that would
protect his client's due process rights.

In other cases, it could mean something willful and underhanded, which would
prompt the lawyer to also report the matter to the State Bar, Collins said.

"Prosecutorial misconduct really is a term of art," said Collins, the Wake
County public defender. "It's understood to mean that the prosecutors haven't
given us what we're entitled to have, but it doesn't mean we've accused them of
being bad persons.

"Prosecutors here feel they are being personally attacked, and that's not the
case. "

Hardin disagreed, saying he didn't see the double meaning.

He pointed out that Black's Law Dictionary defines "misconduct" as being
synonymous with misdeed and misbehavior, not with negligence or carelessness.

So, if a lawyer accuses a prosecutor of misconduct, it would seem clear that the
lawyer meant an intentional act and not an innocent mistake, Hardin said.

That's why he saw a need for an ethics opinion.

Hardin said it would be helpful to both prosecutors and defense attorneys to
have a rule that would compel lawyers to clearly spell out their accusations of
prosecutorial misconduct before a judge and on the record.

"The intention is simply to put something in the rules that would require
important questions to be asked: Is this really misconduct, or are we using this
terminology for some other reason?" Hardin said.

"I think it protects prosecutors from having those allegations tossed around,
and it protects defense attorneys because they won't have to feel like they have
to toss around those allegations in order to protect their clients' interests. "

>

PANDORA'S BOX

Regardless of the meaning of "prosecutorial misconduct," the state's ethics
rules have already addressed prosecutors' concerns, Bannon said.

Rule 3.1, for instance, generally prohibits frivolous claims. Rule 3.3(a)(1)
bars lawyers from knowingly making false statements of material fact or law to a
tribunal.

"What this opinion says is that we're particularly warning you against filing a
frivolous claim against prosecutors, and I think that elevates prosecutors to a
place beyond criticism," Bannon said. "You would have lawyers wondering if they
are going to lose their law license if they criticize a prosecutor.

"In my mind, quite candidly, because they are elected public officials, the
opposite should be the truth. And that's not just in my mind. It's in the
Supreme Court's mind. "

Bannon cited a 1991 opinion, Gentile v. State Bar of Nevada, 501 U.S. 1030, in
which the U.S. Supreme Court said that speech alleging governmental misconduct
was "at the core of the First Amendment. "

Gentile also said that "public awareness and criticisms have even greater
importance where the criticism questions the judgment of an elected public
prosecutor. "

If adopted, Bannon said, 2008 FEO 9 would not only chill free speech, it would
also discourage lawyers from complying with their duty to report misconduct.

"This will create lots of problems," he said, "and the question is whether there
exists a problem to address in the first place. "

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday

Carnes revisits horrific history of sexual abuse

BYLINE: Scott M. Reid sreid@scng.com @sreidocregister on Twitter

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 791 words


RIO DE JANEIRO >> A hauntingly familiar feeling came over Charmaine Carnes on
Thursday.

In the morning news, Carnes was confronted with a subject she knows all too
well: gymnastic coaches sexually abusing young athletes.

"My heart rate instantly started racing up," she said, "and there was this
feeling of anxiety. It was just heartbreaking."

A report that USA Gymnastics chief executive and his predecessor repeatedly
failed to inform authorities of allegations of sexual abuse by coaches has
upstaged the opening weekend of an Olympic Games whose first week had been
expected to be dominated by a series of gold medal performances by Texas
teenager Simone Biles and the U.S. women.

USA Gymnastics CEO Steve Penny and former USAG head Robert Colarossi did not
follow up on reports of sexual abuse, enabling some coaches to continue to abuse
underage athletes for years, according to a report by the Indianapolis Star.

U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Scott Blackmun said the organization has no plans to
investigate the allegations raised against Penny, Colarossi and USAG and would
not comment on whether Penny should resign if the allegations are substantiated.

"We obviously learned about this story yesterday like everybody else," Blackmun
said Friday. "We do not intend to investigate. We couldn't possibly investigate
allegations of misconduct in 47 different (national governing bodies). We do
have what I think is a pretty state of the art policy regarding abuse and
misconduct, not just sexual misconduct, so we will watch those proceedings."

Carnes, however, said Penny has set the tone for a culture of abuse within
American gymnastics and needs to resign. Carnes told the Orange County Register
in 2011 she was sexually abused by U.S. national team coach Doug Boger starting
when she was an 8 or 9-year old gymnast training with Boger in Pasadena. The
abuse continued into her teens, Carnes said.

A total of 10 former gymnasts told the Register that Boger sexually or
physically abused them. Carnes and Boger's other victims said Penny and USA
Gymnastics were slow to respond to their charges and then failed to follow up on
Boger after he was banned from the sport in 2010, just months after being named
USAG's national coach of the year and coaching Team USA in the World
Championships. Even after he was banned, Boger continued to work with young
gymnasts at a Colorado Springs gym 10 minutes from the USOC's headquarters. The
owner of the gym was convicted of sexual abuse in Oregon in 1987.

Boger was eventually fired after the publication the Register's investigative
series that also led to 1984 U.S. Olympic team coach Don Peters receiving a
lifetime ban from the sport for sexual misconduct with three teenage gymnasts.

"(Penny) has been very ineffective at getting to the bottom of this issue in USA
Gymnastics," Carnes said in a telephone interview. "It's very similar to the
Catholic Church where priests knew they could sexually abuse without fearing the
church would do anything. Coaches under USA Gymnastics know they can get away
with sexual abuse.

"Steve Penny set the tone for that culture and he needs to be held accountable
for the culture he set."

Penny did not address specific cases raised by the Star's reporting in a
statement released Friday.

"As the CEO of USA Gymnastics, it is heartbreaking and unacceptable for a young
person to have the intolerable burden that results from being a victim of sexual
misconduct," Penny said. "We share the outrage that sexual assault victims and
their families feel.  This is why USA Gymnastics has implemented Safe Sport
training and created educational materials that encourage members to contact law
enforcement first when reporting incidents of abuse. We will continue to work
with the USOC and the National Center for Safe Sport, along with our clubs,
parents, and athletes to protect every child."

Carnes said she was particularly upset and frustrated by one of the allegations
raised in the Star report. USAG officials did not report to police 2011 detailed
allegations that Marvin Sharp, the organization's national women's coach of the
year in 2010, had inappropriately touched minors. It was only after USAG were
confronted with complaints four years later of Sharp touching a 12-year-old
gymnast's vagina and taking sexually explicit photos of her that the
organization reported Sharp to police.

The initial allegations against Sharp, who committed suicide in jail last year,
came around the same time Carnes and her former teammates and former gymnasts at
SCATS Gymnastics, the world renown Huntington Beach training facility, were
pressuring USAG to address the Boger and Peters cases.

"(USAG) has a moral and ethical responsibility not to cover for child
molestors," Carnes said.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday

Hollweg suspended for pair of games;
Leafs tough guy will forfeit $5,510; Canes' Walker out six weeks

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S03

LENGTH: 554 words


Ryan Hollweg, the Maple Leafs' new agitating left winger, was suspended two
games by the NHL yesterday. It was an automatic banishment after he received a
hitting from behind game misconduct during a pre-season game at St. Louis last
Wednesday. The hit was on Blues defenceman Jay McKee.

Hollweg will sit out Toronto's first two games of the season and forfeit
$5,510.76 of his salary.

Under NHL rules, any player who receives two game misconducts within a 41-game
period for stick-related infractions, boarding or hitting from behind will be
suspended for a game. An additional game misconduct within that period brings
about a two-game suspension.

Hollweg has boarding and checking from behind suspensions on his docket from the
second half of last season when he played with the Rangers.

NET IMPROVEMENT? While Maple Leaf coach Ron Wilson believes his team's defensive
play has improved, he said his goaltenders - Vesa Toskala and Curtis Joseph -
have to pick up their games once the regular season starts.

"What we're going to need when the regular season starts is for our goalies to
perform up to their capabilities. They were a little off in training camp," said
Wilson.

"They've got to dig in the next couple of days of practice and make sure we're
sharp on the back end in the first couple of games."

COLT HONOURED: Stefan Della Rovere of the Barrie Colts was named Ontario Hockey
League player of the week yesterday.

He scored four goals and had three assists in two games last week.

Oshawa Generals forward John Tavares and Matt Caria of the Sault Ste. Marie
Greyhounds were also considered.

SURGERY FOR WALKER: Carolina Hurricanes forward Scott Walker is expected to be
sidelined for six weeks after surgery yesterday to repair a torn ligament in his
left hand.

The surgery comes four days before the Hurricanes open the regular season
against Florida.

The Hurricanes already will be without forward Justin Williams for at least
three more months after he tore his right Achilles tendon.

Also yesterday, the Hurricanes signed forward Dan LaCouture to a one-year
contract worth $475,000 in the NHL or $50,000 at the minor-league level.

He is guaranteed at least $75,000 during the upcoming season.

The 31-year-old has played with Edmonton, Pittsburgh, the New York Rangers,
Boston and New Jersey.

MATVICHUK RELEASED: The Columbus Blue Jackets assigned goaltender Dan LaCosta to
their American Hockey League affiliate and released defenceman Richard Matvichuk
from his tryout contract yesterday.

The 35-year-old Matvichuk played for Columbus coach Ken Hitchcock with the
Dallas Stars when they won the Stanley Cup in 1999.

Despite 14 years and almost 800 games in the NHL, he was making $96 a day in
training-camp pay to try to make the team after being invited to camp.

CANUCKS BEEF UP: The Vancouver Canucks added some size to their blue line
yesterday by acquiring defenceman Shane O'Brien from the Tampa Bay Lightning in
exchange for Lukas Krajicek.

The Canucks also sent minor-league forward Juraj Simek to the Lightning for
right-winger Michel Ouellet.

CAPS TRIM DOWN: The Washington Capitals set their season-opening roster
yesterday, sending 2007 first-round draft pick Karl Alzner and Chris Bourque to
AHL club Hershey and waiving forward Quintin Laing.

Alzner was the No. 5 overall pick last year.

Paul Hunter, Star wire services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             financialplanning.com

                                   March 2016

Trusting Advisors Just Got Harder

BYLINE: Suzanne Woolley

SECTION: INDUSTRY Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 946  words


There's a phrase no client wants to read in a sweeping report about the
financial advisors who handle their savings: economy-wide misconduct.

A new working paper by business school professors at the University of Chicago
and University of Minnesota found that 7% of financial advisors have been
disciplined for misconduct that ranges from putting clients in unsuitable
investments to trading on client accounts without permission. That's a troubling

 mark for an industry that relies on the trust of clients. And some large,
well-regarded firms have misconduct records that far exceed the average. Nearly
20% of financial advisors at Oppenheimer, with more than 2,000 advisors counted
in the study, have misconduct records, according to the new paper.

"It's everywhere, not just small firms. It is pervasive," said Amit Seru, a
finance professor at the University of Chicago's Booth School of Business and a
co-author ofThe Market for Financial Advisor Misconduct.

Seru considers the study to be conservative in measuring misconduct. The paper
homed in on just six of 23 categories of disclosure on FINRA's BrokerCheck
database that are considered "indicative of advisor misconduct." The study
counted as misconduct disclosures about an "investment-related arbitration or
civil suit ... that resulted in an arbitration or civil judgment for the
customer," as well as formal proceedings by regulators "for a violation of
investment-related rules," among other alleged infractions.

An Oppenheimer spokeswoman said in a statement that the company "has made
significant investments to proactively tackle risk and compliance issues in our
private client division. We've made changes in senior leadership, branch
managers, and significant changes in our advisor ranks." Those reforms include
the appointment of a new global compliance officer and efforts to improve
surveillance.

REPEAT OFFENDERS

Misconduct isn't left unchecked by financial firms. About half of advisors found
to have committed misconduct are fired-although 44% of advisors who leave a job
due to misconduct are hired by another firm within a year, according to the
paper.

Many fired advisors end up moving to firms that have higher rates of misconduct
than their previous employer did, and they become repeat offenders.

"Prior offenders are five times as likely to engage in new misconduct as the
average financial advisor," the study found."This is eye-opening and suggests
not only that some firms have a high tolerance for misconduct on the part of
their employees, but that their very business model is to attract the broker who
can generate high revenue at the cost of repetitive disciplinary violations,"
said John Coffee, a Columbia Law School professor. "FINRA needs to focus on
this."

The first-of-its-kind study names names, listing 10 advisory firms with the
highest misconduct rates, as well as those with the lowest.

Representatives from firms listed among those with the highest rates of
misconduct either declined to discuss the report on the record or did not
respond to requests.

A FINRA spokesman noted in an e-mail that while the organization hasn't had time
to review the working paper, addressing the culture of securities firms is one
of FINRA's top priorities. The regulator "keeps close tabs on potentially
high-risk registered persons-and the firms that hire them," Pellechia said.

In 2015, he noted, FINRA permanently barred nearly 500 individuals and 25 firms
from the industry. Not all disclosures indicate regulatory problems; for
example, Pellechia said, an arbitration complaint that has been dismissed is
still disclosed in the database.

SUITABILITY CONCERNS

Many cases of misconduct arose around the issue of the "suitability" of
investments. That would mean, for instance, that an advisor should not suggest
that a 75-year-old client put most assets in a high-fee, aggressive-growth
mutual fund. Often, the report found, investments involved in reported
misconduct cases were insurance products.

Previous studies have raised concerns over conflicted retirement planning advice
from financial advisers. Last year, for instance, the President's Council of
Economic Advisors sounded the alarm on bad advice without describing it as an
issue of misconduct.

"Right now," its report warned, "your financial advisor-someone who's supposed
to be acting in your best interest-can direct you toward a high-cost, low-return
investment rather than recommending a quality investment that works better for
you."

The report found that conflicts of interest by advisors likely led to $17
billion of losses annually for working-class and middle-class families. Some
observers believe conflict issues would be alleviated under the Department of
Labor's proposed rule requiring all advisors to act as "fiduciaries" in giving
retirement advice-to act in their clients' best interests. Justifying the sale
of high-commission products, when there are low-fee alternatives, would become
difficult. The rule has been winding its way through the political process.

One reason why advisors with misconduct records stay in business is a lack of
consumer sophistication. "Misconduct is concentrated in firms with retail
customers and in counties with low education, elderly populations and high
incomes," the report states. The study's findings "suggest that some firms
'specialize' in misconduct and cater to unsophisticated consumers."

Seru says his next project will look at whether greater disclosure efforts, such
as BrokerCheck, help spark better governance.

Read more:

     ·    1 in 3 FINRA Awards Went Unpaid to Aggrieved Investors, PIABA Says
     ·    3 Advisors Barred for Stealing, 1 From Housekeepers
     ·    Fixing FINRA's Expungement Process


URL: http://www.financial-planning.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: IAGROUP_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Baltimore approves Gray family payout: How common are such settlements?;
The $6.4-million payout is one of the largest in a police death case in years,
though it comes just months after Eric Garner's family was issued $5.9 million
in New York City.

BYLINE: Michelle Toh Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 559 words


The city of Baltimore agreed Wednesday to pay $6.4 million to the family of
Freddie Gray, the 25-year-old black man whose death from an injury in police
custody in April gripped the nation's attention.

The settlement comes as another controversy in the Gray case, "with some
Baltimore leaders saying the move will help heal the city and others calling it
premature," reports The Baltimore Sun.

For one, the payout is one of the largest of its kind in recent years, though it
comes only months after New York City paid the family of Eric Garner, an unarmed
black man who died after being put in a white police officer's chokehold, $5.9
million in July.

In 2001, the city of Chicago settled a wrongful death lawsuit by the family of
LaTanya Haggerty, a black woman who was shot to death by a police officer who
thought her cellphone was a weapon, for $18 million.

In some ways, the Freddie Gray settlement is emblematic of the rising cost of
resolving police misconduct claims, particularly in Baltimore, where officials
have paid about $5.7 million over police brutality lawsuits since 2011, reports
the Sun. This is millions more than what was paid in "other sim­il­arly-sized
cities like Fort Worth and Austin, Texas," according to The National Journal.

An investigation by The Wall Street Journal this year found:

The 10 cities with the largest police departments paid out $248.7 million last
year in settlements and court judgments in police misconduct cases, up 48
percent from $168.3 million in 2010.

City officials said in a statement that the latest settlement neither resolves
any factual disputes nor constitutes an admission of liability on local
authorities, calling it "an important measure of closure to the family, the
community, and the city."

Some indeed hailed the agreement as an important step in rebuilding trust
between citizens and government. "It's a big step toward a different type of
policing and a relationship with the community that deters misconduct," Douglas
Colbert, a law professor at the University of Maryland, told The Associated
Press.

But other experts disagreed, saying such payouts do little to advance the
conversation on police misconduct.

"It's all too easy to take public money and hand it over to people and say,
'Well, this is a big aberrational mistake and we're going to make it good,' "
Eugene O'Donnell, a professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, told the
AP.

The decision to settle - particularly as Gray's family had yet to file an
official lawsuit - could also affect whether a judge decides to move the trials
for the six officers charged in Mr. Gray's death out of Baltimore, reports the
AP.

Lt. Gene Ryan, the head of Baltimore's police union, slammed the agreement. "To
suggest that there is any reason to settle prior to the adjudication of the
pending criminal cases is obscene and without regard to the fiduciary
responsibility owed to the taxpaying citizens of the city," he said.

Defense attorneys for the six police officers, who face charges ranging from
assault to manslaughter to second-degree murder in Mr. Gray;s death, have asked
for the trial to be moved to another jurisdiction, arguing that pre-trial
publicity strips the current venue of its ability to hold a fair trial. Judge
Barry Williams will hear their arguments on Thursday.

This report contains material from The Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Santa Clara County: Board approves study of body-worn cameras for sheriff's
deputies

BYLINE: Jason Green, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


Dec. 17--Santa Clara County has taken the first step toward potentially
outfitting sheriff's deputies with body-worn cameras.

On Tuesday, the five-member Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to task
County Executive Jeffrey Smith with investigating the "feasibility and
desirability" of using the technology.

The proposal from Supervisor Joe Simitian was spurred by nationwide unrest over
the killings of unarmed black men at the hands of white police officers in
Missouri and New York.

Simitian said body-worn cameras have the potential to protect the public against
officer misconduct, including use of force, as well as to protect officers
against unfounded allegations of misconduct. Trust and confidence in law
enforcement will be restored as a result, he said.

"This is not a cure-all," he said. "The world will not be a perfect place if we
take this action. But it is a relatively simple step we can take using available
technology that's reasonably priced.

A 16-month study in Rialto, California, showed a more than 50 percent reduction
in use of force by officers wearing cameras and a nearly 90 percent drop in
citizen complaints of misconduct.

"I have an absolute understanding of just how difficult it is out there, but I
think if we have video evidence that is very clear about what did and didn't
happen, that's only a benefit to all," Simitian said.

While the board backed the proposal, some supervisors raised concerns about
privacy and the potential for body-worn cameras to deter victims of domestic
violence from phoning police for help.

"I'm also concerned about victims," said Supervisor Cindy Chavez. "The reason is
that one of the things that is really important for us is that people feel safe
and comfortable dialing 911. I worry just a little bit about whether or not
someone would more or less do that."

Supervisor Dave Cortese stressed the need for strict guidelines that govern the
use of the technology.

"That's where the real battle lines get drawn and end up tying up attorneys,
tying up boards of supervisors and all the other people who are involved if
things aren't thought out very well in advance," he said.

Simitian agreed that a clear plan needs to be in place before the county
purchases any body-worn cameras.

"I think this is one of those times when it's more important to do it right than
to do it quick," he said.

The proposal also received support from the Rev. Jethroe Moore, president of the
San Jose/Silicon Valley branch of the NAACP, and Charisse Domingo, a
photographer with Silicon Valley De-Bug. They both asked that their
organizations be involved in the study of the technology.

"We want to be able to make sure that even though the purpose of these cameras
is to promote transparency that we're able to get them in a timely manner and
that they're used properly," said Domingo.

Roger Winslow, vice president of the Deputy Sheriffs Association, said the union
proposed language related to audio and video recording devices during contract
negotiations in 2012.

"We recognized the evolution of technology was outpacing both policy and
procedures at the Sheriff's Office," Winslow said. "Had the sheriff and the
county engaged with the DSA at that time, we would have been ahead of the curve
on these issues, not playing catch up."

Winslow said there are now bigger issues than body-worn cameras facing the
Sheriff's Office, including a spike in injury rates, poor morale and a shrinking
pool of qualified candidates.

Simitian noted that the body-worn cameras aren't intended to address an
underlying problem in the Sheriff's Office.

"What I hear uniformly is the tremendous regard that people have for the
deputies that they think of as their own," Simitian said.

"I want that understood as we go forward," he continued. "I think done right,
this is going to end up having an even greater impact on the elimination of
unwarranted claims that also has the ability to preserve the reputation of
officers who are doing the right job the right way, and it has the ability to
protect our county financially from those unwarranted claims."

Email Jason Green at jgreen@dailynewsgroup.com; follow him at
twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

___ (c)2014 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141217-PL-Santa-Clara-County-Board-approves-study-of-body-worn-cameras-for-she
riff-s-deputies-1217-20141217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2014 Palo Alto Daily News


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Santa Clara County: Board approves study of body-worn cameras for sheriff's
deputies

BYLINE: By Jason Green Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News

LENGTH: 684 words


Santa Clara County has taken the first step toward potentially outfitting
sheriff's deputies with body-worn cameras.

On Tuesday, the five-member Board of Supervisors voted unanimously to task
County Executive Jeffrey Smith with investigating the "feasibility and
desirability" of using the technology.

The proposal from Supervisor Joe Simitian was spurred by nationwide unrest over
the killings of unarmed black men at the hands of white police officers in
Missouri and New York.

Simitian said body-worn cameras have the potential to protect the public against
officer misconduct, including use of force, as well as to protect officers
against unfounded allegations of misconduct. Trust and confidence in law
enforcement will be restored as a result, he said.

"This is not a cure-all," he said. "The world will not be a perfect place if we
take this action. But it is a relatively simple step we can take using available
technology that's reasonably priced.

A 16-month study in Rialto, California, showed a more than 50 percent reduction
in use of force by officers wearing cameras and a nearly 90 percent drop in
citizen complaints of misconduct.

"I have an absolute understanding of just how difficult it is out there, but I
think if we have video evidence that is very clear about what did and didn't
happen, that's only a benefit to all," Simitian said.

While the board backed the proposal, some supervisors raised concerns about
privacy and the potential for body-worn cameras to deter victims of domestic
violence from phoning police for help.

"I'm also concerned about victims," said Supervisor Cindy Chavez. "The reason is
that one of the things that is really important for us is that people feel safe
and comfortable dialing 911. I worry just a little bit about whether or not
someone would more or less do that."

Supervisor Dave Cortese stressed the need for strict guidelines that govern the
use of the technology.

"That's where the real battle lines get drawn and end up tying up attorneys,
tying up boards of supervisors and all the other people who are involved if
things aren't thought out very well in advance," he said.

Simitian agreed that a clear plan needs to be in place before the county
purchases any body-worn cameras.

"I think this is one of those times when it's more important to do it right than
to do it quick," he said.

The proposal also received support from the Rev. Jethroe Moore, president of the
San Jose/Silicon Valley branch of the NAACP, and Charisse Domingo, a
photographer with Silicon Valley De-Bug. They both asked that their
organizations be involved in the study of the technology.

"We want to be able to make sure that even though the purpose of these cameras
is to promote transparency that we're able to get them in a timely manner and
that they're used properly," said Domingo.

Roger Winslow, vice president of the Deputy Sheriffs Association, said the union
proposed language related to audio and video recording devices during contract
negotiations in 2012.

"We recognized the evolution of technology was outpacing both policy and
procedures at the Sheriff's Office," Winslow said. "Had the sheriff and the
county engaged with the DSA at that time, we would have been ahead of the curve
on these issues, not playing catch up."

Winslow said there are now bigger issues than body-worn cameras facing the
Sheriff's Office, including a spike in injury rates, poor morale and a shrinking
pool of qualified candidates.

Simitian noted that the body-worn cameras aren't intended to address an
underlying problem in the Sheriff's Office.

"What I hear uniformly is the tremendous regard that people have for the
deputies that they think of as their own," Simitian said.

"I want that understood as we go forward," he continued. "I think done right,
this is going to end up having an even greater impact on the elimination of
unwarranted claims that also has the ability to preserve the reputation of
officers who are doing the right job the right way, and it has the ability to
protect our county financially from those unwarranted claims."

Email Jason Green at twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            January 26, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SALT LAKE POLICE INVESTIGATING ALLEGED MISCONDUCT BY BLAZERS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY


Allegations of possible sexual misconduct involving one or more members of

the Portland Trail Blazers are being investigated by police, according to a

department spokesman.

"The Salt Lake City Police Department is currently investigating

allegations of possible sexual misconduct allegedly committed by as yet

unnamed members of the Portland Trail Blazers basketball team," Lt. Marty

Vuyk said in a statement released Monday.

Geoff Petrie, the Blazers' senior vice president for operations, said he

was told that two players were involved, but names weren't given, according to a
statement released by Portland spokesman John Lashway.

The incident purportedly involved three teenaged girls, who Vuyk said were
reported as runaways from the Salt Lake suburb of Murray. The girls

purportedly met an unspecified number of players at a shopping mall Saturday.
"They were invited to a hotel room for a party," Vuyk's statement said.

"An investigation has begun into these allegations and into the

identification of the parties involved. As of this time, positive

identification has yet to be determined."

Police said the allegations stem from complaints made to police by the

parents of the girls, whom Vuyk described only as "underaged females."

Vuyk stressed that the investigation was just getting under way, and

refused to answer further questions.

*

Noteworthy: Blair Rasmussen, placed on the injured list by the Atlanta

Hawks Jan. 12 because of recurring back pain, was activated. The Hawks

released Alex Stivrins, who was waived by Phoenix Dec. 26 and signed by

Atlanta Jan. 1. Stivrins signed a second 10-day contract Friday. Rasmussen, a
7-footer who averaged nine points for the Hawks last season, has played in

only 12 games this season, averaging 2.3 points and 2.6 rebounds. It was his

second time on the injured list this season. . . .

Center Patrick Ewing, who helped the New York Knicks to three straight

wins, was named NBA player of the week Monday. Ewing averaged 33 points, 13

rebounds and 2.3 blocked shots for the week ending Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

Rhode Island State District Court Case Summaries: September 27, 2012

BYLINE: RILW Staff

LENGTH: 343  words


STATE DISTRICT COURT Editor's note: The full text of these decisions can be
ordered at lwopinions.com. Unemployment compensation Misconduct Where a claimant
worked for the city of Providence as a call center operator for about five years
until he was terminated, the evidence was sufficient to show that the
termination was based on misconduct -- sleeping on the job. Sepe v. Department
of Labor and Training, Board of Review (Lawyers Weekly No. 63-041-12) (12 pages)
(Ippolito, J.) (State District Court) (A.A. No. 12-108) (July 13, 2012).
Unemployment compensation Sick leave policy - Vegas vacation Where the claimant
went on vacation to Las Vegas without obtaining permission from her employer,
she abused her employer's sick leave policy and thus her claim for unemployment
benefits must be denied on misconduct grounds.

"The Board adopted the Referee's factual conclusion that claimant abused her
employer's sick leave policy and that doing so constituted proved misconduct.
... "At its core, the allegation against [claimant] Ms. Dezotell was simply this
-- that she went on vacation in Las Vegas without first obtaining permission to
be absent from her employer which the employer had withheld due to a lack of
medical justification. The Board's finding that her actions constituted
misconduct are nonetheless well-supported by the evidence of record and the
inferences to be drawn therefrom. ... As a result, on this record, I find that
the Board was justified in finding that she was absent from work without proper
justification -- and for pleasure, not recuperation. "... I must recommend that
this Court hold that the Board's finding that claimant was discharged for proved
misconduct in connection with her work -- by traveling to Las Vegas without
leave -- is well-supported by the record and should not be overturned by this
Court. " Dezotell v. Department of Labor & Training, Board of Review (Lawyers
Weekly No. 63-042-12) (12 pages) (Ippolito, M.) (State District Court) (A.A. No.
12-118) (July 18, 2012).

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 19, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Police brutality case involving Cherokee officers in federal court;
Canton brothers' suit alleges abuse and a cover-up by sheriff's deputies.

BYLINE: Mark Bixler

SECTION: COBB EXTRA; Pg. 11JG

LENGTH: 679 words


A trial alleging police brutality and misconduct by several deputies at the
Cherokee County Sheriff's Department and two officers at the Canton Police
Department is being heard in a courtroom in U.S. District Court in Atlanta.

The trial revolves around allegations made by Ralph and Wesley Ensley, two
brothers from Canton, that deputies and police used excessive force and abused
their authority on a spring night more than five years ago. The Ensleys say
police abused them and covered it up after the Ensleys stumbled onto the scene
of an undercover drug operation along Reinhardt College Parkway in Canton on May
15, 1993.

The trial, which began Nov. 9, could continue through Thanks- giving.

Their lawsuit raises the question of how seriously the Cherokee County Sheriff's
Department investigates complaints of misconduct.

Fred G. Robinette III, a career FBI agent who investigated police misconduct
from 1986 to 1994, said in a 60-page affidavit in support of the Ensleys' case
that misconduct allegations in the early 1990s "were frequently incomplete,
inconclusive, incompetent, unprofessional and biased in favor of the deputies."
He also said, however, that Sheriff Roger Garrison has since taken steps to
strengthen internal investigations. And the sheriff has said that complaints
against deputies are pursued much more vigorously than they were when he became
sheriff in 1993.

The Ensleys' lawsuit gives this account of what happened on May 15, 1993:

The Ensleys were in Ralph Ensley's furniture store on Reinhardt College Parkway
when they heard a gunshot. Then a neighbor called to say someone was robbing a
nearby video store where Ralph Ensley's wife was working. Ralph Ensley grabbed
an iron bar and ran toward the video store. His brother followed.

They did not know that deputies were conducting an undercover drug operation in
the parking lot of a nearby store.

As it turned out, the officers did not find any drugs, the suit says. And by the
time the Ensleys ran into the crowd, 11 law enforcement officers were in the
parking lot --- many in plainclothes, the suit says.

Ensley says he saw no one in uniform. He says a deputy threw him to the ground
and that people jumped on him and assaulted him. He says he did not know that
law enforcement officers were in the parking lot until he saw an officer's pant
leg and shoe.

Lawyers for the Sheriff's Department tell a different story. They say the
Ensleys ran into a crime scene and ignored warnings to stay out. They say Ralph
Ensley hit a deputy with the iron pipe and that several deputies had to restrain
him.

Garrison said he is confident his deputies acted appropriately.

Deputies charged Ralph Ensley with two counts of aggravated assault on a peace
officer, felony obstruction of a law enforcement officer and public drunkenness.
Wesley Ensley was with public drunkenness and felony obstruction of a law
enforcement officer.

A jury found them not guilty.

Nearly two years after the incident, on May 4, 1995, the Ensleys sued Garrison,
eight deputies and two Canton police officers.

A former police officer and prosecutor who worked as a defense attorney when he
represented the Ensleys during their criminal trial in Cherokee Superior Court
also testified Friday. George Weaver said he was alarmed by a conversation he
had after the incident with Canton Officer Mike Johnston.

"He said 'George, you don't understand. This is a war between us and them,' " he
quoted Johnston as saying.

Weaver said he asked Johnston to explain. He said Johnston said "us" referred to
the police and "them" referred to "everybody else." Johnston later "emphatically
denied" making that statement, Weaver said.

Robinette, the former FBI agent, said in his affidavit that he believes deputies
altered police reports to make the Ensleys look bad. He said two of the deputies
being sued have been punished by internal investigators before.

He said the actions by the Sheriff's Department after the incident stand "as a
classic example of an internal cover-up."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo Q1119TRIAL 2_279065:
 Ralph Ensley
 Photo Q1119TRIAL 3_279066:
 Wesley Ensley

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

IN YOUR SCHOOLS;
School chief search firm fired

BYLINE: Marlon A. Walker; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 658 words



HIGHLIGHT: DeKalb officials act after Illinois company accused of misconduct.


The DeKalb County Board of Education voted to fire the search firm charged with
finding a replacement for outgoing Superintendent Michael Thurmond, a day after
another district ousted the firm over concerns of misconduct.

The contract with Illinois search firm PROACT Search was severed due to
misconduct allegations against SUPES Academy, both of which are run by Gary
Solomon. Chicago news outlets report the FBI is investigating a $20 million
no-bid contract given by Chicago Public Schools to SUPES Academy and what role
was played by the schools CEO, who is a former SUPES employee.

About 120 candidates had been identified for the DeKalb schools post through the
search firm. PROACT Search had received $16,000 of the $25,000 contract for the
search. No more payments will be made, board Chairman Melvin Johnson said.

Efforts to reach Solomon, the PROACT Search CEO, were unsuccessful.

Johnson said the search likely will continue with the help of the district's law
firm, also certified as a search firm. In the beginning of the search, the move
was seen by some as a conflict of interest since the firm would be helping hire
its next boss, which bothered some board members.

"We will take those 120 (candidates), review all the data and see if, in fact,
(Solomon) missed something we want to consider," Johnson said. "This will
eliminate any doubt that he was trying to push a particular client."

The group was to begin interviewing semifinalists this week, with hopes of
selecting a superintendent in June.

"I feel comfortable we will proceed in the previously communicated timeline,"
board member James McMahan said. "We started this process many, many months ago,
have had numerous candidates apply. We had selected semifinalists we have had
wonderful conversations with."

Zepora Roberts, who served on the board from 2001 until 2010, said she never had
been impressed by the search firm at any of the three public meetings she
attended. One person with the firm, who likely would help in the search, spoke
of having experience as a guidance counselor in schools, but little else.

"I was not impressed with them whatsoever," she said, "The board should've made
this decision (to fire PROACT Search) before now."

The decision comes amid an already rocky process in which DeKalb had little
choice but to hire PROACT Search, which had been dismissed by the Atlanta school
board during its search in 2013. Atlanta Public Schools eventually used Atlanta
firms BoardWalk Consulting and Diversified Search to identify and hire Meria
Carstarphen, schools spokeswoman Kimberly Willis Green said Monday.

Only four firms responded to DeKalb's nationwide solicitation last year,
including PROACT, the search firm that landed Thurmond's controversial
predecessor, and the board's law firm.

With its options exhausted and time running out, DeKalb hired the company early
this year.

In Atlanta, members of a committee overseeing the search worried that PROACT's
time and staffing were divided between several school districts; a similar
concern arose at a DeKalb meeting in December, when one school board member
noted that PROACT would be working for a district in a neighboring state. Some
DeKalb board members also were concerned that the firm did not get all of the
100 possible points in the district's contractor rating process.

There was plenty of drama during the search for Thurmond's predecessor.

There were allegations of leaks from private meetings as vying factions sought
to influence the outcome.

One top candidate withdrew when her name surfaced publicly. Ultimately, the
board settled on Cheryl Atkinson, the superintendent of a tiny, low-achieving
district in Ohio.

She lasted a year and a half in DeKalb, quitting before her contract expired and
as the district was reeling from an accreditation crisis. DeKalb was on a path
to losing accreditation because of multiple failures of leadership, including
for the process that led to the hiring of Atkinson.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 26, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Officers to Be Imprisoned For Sexual Misconduct

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 11; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 195 words

DATELINE: EL PASO, April 25


Three Army officers at Fort Bliss have been discharged from the military and
sent to prison for sexual misconduct, officials here said today.

The officers, sentenced to 3 months to 20 months in prison, had been named in a
complaint that accused 19 Fort Bliss officers and soldiers of sexual misconduct
with female enlisted soldiers. Nine other soldiers named in the complaint have
already received administrative punishments.

The three, Second Lieut. Trevor Gordon, Maj. Eddie Brenham and Capt. Ivan Brown,
pleaded guilty at court-martial hearings in the past few weeks. Lieutenant
Gordon was sentenced to 20 months, Major Brenham to 6 months and Captain Brown
to 3 months. They will serve their sentences in Fort Leavenworth, Kan.

Fort Bliss has been hit by a string of sexual complaints, including one that led
to the removal of Col. Robert Jordan, commander of the Army's Sergeant Major
Academy. He was accused of sexual misconduct with a civilian female employee.

Thirteen former and current employees are being sued in a class action case
against Fort Bliss, in which officials at the base are accused of allowing
sexual misconduct and harassment.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Timeline of Churchill controversy

SECTION: A:DAILY CAMERA

LENGTH: 398 words


Sept. 11, 2001:

University of Colorado professor Ward Churchill writes a response to the day's
terrorist attacks, saying they were not senseless but a direct result of
American policies. The online essay compares victims at the World Trade Center
to an infamous Nazi technocrat.

Jan. 26, 2005:

The essay catches media attention for the first time after students at Hamilton
College in New York protest their school's invitation

to have Churchill speak.

Feb. 3, 2005:

CU regents launch an investigation into Churchill's work to determine if he
should be fired.

March 24, 2005:

CU Chancellor Phil DiStefano says Churchill's comments about 9/11 were protected
by the First Amendment. But he determines allegations of fraud and plagiarism
against Churchill warrant further inquiry by CU's Standing Committee on Research
Misconduct.

May 16, 2006:

The investigative panel releases its 124-page report to the public. The group
finds serious and recurring problems with Churchill's work, including
plagiarism, fabrication and questionable citations. Most panel members say
Churchill should be suspended without pay, and one member says his research
misconduct was so egregious that he should be fired.

June 13, 2006:

The Standing Committee on Research Misconduct backs the previous panel's
findings of deliberate misconduct and releases its own report. Six of the nine
members say Churchill should be dismissed. Two favor suspension without pay for
five years, and one recommends suspension without pay for two years.

May 2007:

Three members of the university faculty's Privilege and Tenure Committee

recommend suspension. The other two members say he should be fired.

May 25, 2007:

CU President Hank Brown recommends in a report to the regents that Churchill be
fired.

July 24, 2007:

Regents vote 8-1 to fire Churchill.

July 25, 2007:

Churchill sues CU in Denver District Court, claiming he was fired for what he
wrote in the 2001 essay.

Oct. 2, 2007:

Churchill returns to CU to teach a series of

unsanctioned classes.

March 5, 2009:

Churchill appears on campus for an event called "Forbidden Education and the
Rise of Neo-McCarthyism" on the eve of his wrongful termination trial. He is
accompanied by Bill Ayers, a 1960s anti-war radical who now teaches at the
University of Illinois in Chicago.

Monday:

The trial of Ward Churchill vs. the University of Colorado begins in Denver
District Court.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             March 7, 2009 Saturday
                             Web-Exclusive Edition

SECTION: CU NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


%%news/cu news/%

Timeline of Churchill controversy

Sept. 11, 2001:

University of Colorado professor Ward Churchill writes a response to the day's
terrorist attacks, saying they were not senseless but a direct result of
American policies. The online essay compares victims at the World Trade Center
to an infamous Nazi technocrat.

Jan. 26, 2005:

The essay catches media attention for the first time after students at Hamilton
College in New York protest their school's invitation to have Churchill speak.

Feb. 3, 2005:

CU regents launch an investigation into Churchill's work to determine if he
should be fired.

March 24, 2005:

CU Chancellor Phil DiStefano says Churchill's comments about 9/11 were protected
by the First Amendment. But he determines allegations of fraud and plagiarism
against Churchill warrant further inquiry by CU's Standing Committee on Research
Misconduct.

May 16, 2006:

The investigative panel releases its 124-page report to the public. The group
finds serious and recurring problems with Churchill's work, including
plagiarism, fabrication and questionable citations. Most panel members say
Churchill should be suspended without pay, and one member says his research
misconduct was so egregious that he should be fired.

June 13, 2006:

The Standing Committee on Research Misconduct backs the previous panel's
findings of deliberate misconduct and releases its own report. Six of the nine
members say Churchill should be dismissed. Two favor suspension without pay for
five years, and one recommends suspension without pay for two years.

May 2007:

Three members of the university faculty's Privilege and Tenure Committee
recommend suspension. The other two members say he should be fired.

May 25, 2007:

CU President Hank Brown recommends in a report to the regents that Churchill be
fired.

July 24, 2007:

Regents vote 8-1 to fire Churchill.

July 25, 2007:

Churchill sues CU in Denver District Court, claiming he was fired for what he
wrote in the 2001 essay.

Oct. 2, 2007:

Churchill returns to CU to teach a series of unsanctioned classes.

March 5, 2009:

Churchill appears on campus for an event called "Forbidden Education and the
Rise of Neo-McCarthyism" on the eve of his wrongful termination trial. He is
accompanied by Bill Ayers, a 1960s anti-war radical who now teaches at the
University of Illinois in Chicago.

Monday:

The trial of Ward Churchill vs. the University of Colorado begins in Denver
District Court.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 7, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Atlanta Holds Six Policemen In Crackdown

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section A;   Page 17;   Column 1;   National Desk

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Sept. 6


Six police officers were arrested here today on charges ranging from shaking
down drug dealers to extorting money from citizens in exchange for police
protection.

The arrests grew out of a nearly two-year investigation in which local
law-enforcement officials cooperated with agents of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, who eventually set up an undercover operation. According to court
papers filed today, some of the officers were caught on video cameras
frantically stuffing money seized from a suspected drug operation into their
uniforms.

The arrests here come as police departments across the country struggle with
problems of misconduct. This spring, five officers in Philadelphia pleaded
guilty in Federal court to civil rights charges, based on accusations that they
had planted phony evidence, falsified police records and lied in court. An
investigation is continuing.

And in Los Angeles, tapes made by a former police detective, Mark Furhman, and
played at the O. J. Simpson trial last month have again raised questions about
police misconduct in that city.

In a news conference here announcing the arrests, Kent B. Alexander, the United
States Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia, said, "At a time when law
enforcement is coming under increasing scrutiny, this is a very important case."
After referring to the assertions about Mr. Furhman and the Los Angeles Police
Department, Mr. Alexander said, "Chief Beverly Harvard came to us with this
investigation after other officers in her department said that they were tired
of bad cops sullying their reputation."

Chief Harvard and the Mayor of Atlanta, Bill Campbell, who both appeared at the
news conference, said the announcements had both pained and heartened them.
"Nothing hurts worse than police corruption," the Mayor said. But he added that
the city was determined to show that it would deal "seriously and aggressively"
with such accusations.

Some of the officers arrested had less than eight years on the city's
1,600-member police force. Others had as many as 18 years on the force. All but
one were assigned to Zone 3, a relatively high-crime area near downtown Atlanta.

Those arrested are Sgt. Dale Hendrix, 39, and Officers Edgar Allen, 32; Ronald
B. Grimes Jr., 35; Willie D. Jackson, 41; William A. Vaughn Jr., 27, and Michael
D. Williams, 29.

Mr. Alexander said his office would probably seek indictments against the
officers on violation of the Hobbs Act, which makes it illegal for them to use
their positions as police officers to extort money or engage in other illegal
activities. Conviction on a single count of violating the act carries a penalty
of up to 20 years in prison.

Lewis R. Slaton, the Fulton County District Attorney whose office has prosecuted
other police corruption cases here, said at the news conference that the help
from Federal officials was crucial in the case because his office did not have
the financial resources to run the undercover operation. The operation involved
video surveillance of phony drug houses with wads of cash lying around.
Undercover F.B.I. agents posed as out-of-town drug dealers trying to set up
operations in Atlanta.

But in the final analysis, Mr. Slaton said, it was the will to act on reports of
corruption that was important.

"This isn't like it is in Los Angeles," Mr. Slaton said, referring to the furor
over the Fuhrman tapes. "Someone brought this to our attention, and we acted."


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kent Alexander, the United States Attorney in Atlanta, answered
a question yesterday after announcing the arrest of six Atlanta police officers
on charges of corruption. (Alan S. Weiner for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

St. Louis County court clerk accused of misconduct

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 284 words


July 19--A former St. Louis County court clerk has been accused of misconduct
including failing to process fees and fines she collected from people.

Kimberlee Ann Boerner, 55, of Duluth is to appear in court next week on charges
of "misconduct by failing to perform" and ''misconduct by exceeding authority."
Besides failing to process fees, she's also accused of using her position to fix
her own parking tickets.

According to the criminal complaint:

Boerner was fired in November of 2008, and a subsequent investigation alleged
that she removed $100 from the civil and violations parking bureau tills that
month with the intent of repaying the money later.

Further investigation indicated that she issued two receipts to individuals for
filing fees but failed to enter the payments in the computer system. Sixty-seven
other tickets and 12 checks were found in her cubicle unprocessed. Some of the
checks were more than two months old, and the unprocessed tickets totaled
$1,575.

The investigation further revealed that Boerner received 11 parking tickets
between July and November of 2008. Because of her position, she had access to
the entry of the tickets and payments into the computer system. She was able to
have the citations canceled out by an unnamed colleague at her request, the
complaint alleges.

Boerner couldn't be reached for comment Tuesday.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110719-DU-St-Louis-County-court-clerk-accused-of-misconduct
-0719-20110719

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2011 Duluth News-Tribune


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 18, 1998, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

TIPSHEET;
LOOKING AT WHO'S IN AND WHO'S OUT IN THE WORLD OF SPORTS

BYLINE: Jeff Gordon; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. F2, TIPSHEET COLUMN

LENGTH: 740 words



Takes one to know one

Anaheim Angels President Tony Tavares finds it ludicrous that baseball requires
a three-fourths majority of owners to approve decisions. "If I find three other
morons in my league, if it's a good idea for the league or if it's not, I can
block something," he said.

Which explains everything.

Nice kitty!

You won't see Boston Celtics coach Rick Pitino pull a Jeff Van Gundy and start
making cracks about Michael Jordan.

"I let the lion sleep," Pitino said. "I don't say anything. I learned 10 years
ago with the Knicks that you don't wake him up. If he says he's sick, agree that
he's sick. But don't do anything to wake him up."

That's hockey!

You knew fans got their money's worth in Buffalo on Thursday night when you got
to this point in the Canucks-Sabres summary:

"Burke, Van, served by Sillinger, major (fighting), 14:36; Linden, Van,
major-game misconduct (fighting), 14:36; Ohlund, Van, misconduct, 14:36;
Mogilny, Buf, misconduct, 14:36; Barnaby, Buf, major-match penalty (fighting),
14:36; Ray, Buf, major-game misconduct (fighting), 14:36; Boughner, Buf,
misconduct, 14:36; Brashear, Van, major-game misconduct (fighting), 14:38;
Burke, Van, served by Noonan, minor-major (leaving the crease, fighting), 14:38;
McCallister, Van, misconduct, 14:38; Noonan, Van (roughing), 14:38; Shannon,
Buf, minor-misconduct (roughing), 14:38; Shields, Buf, minor-major (leaving the
crease, fighting), 14:38; Dawe, Buf, misconduct, 14:38."

"I haven't played a game like that since junior hockey," Sabres winger Jason
Dawe said. "There were bodies flying everywhere, gloves flying up in the air.

"It was pretty exciting to watch."

What caused the ruckus? It seems Canucks goaltender Sean Burke had manhandled
Sabres netminder Dominik Hasek during a preseason tiff between Buffalo and
Burke's previous employers, the Carolina Hurricanes.

So Sabres ruffian Matthew Barnaby got even and a riot ensued. "If it goes back
to that (preseason incident), I had Hasek down," Burke said. "I could have
dragged him around and beat the living tar out of him."

Since Hasek is sort of a Peter McNeeley on skates - and since the Sabres had
just picked up their $ 4 million option on him for next season - coach Lindy
Ruff alertly replaced him with Steve "Human" Shields between fights.

"Fortunately," Hasek said, "Steve is a better fighter."

Thanks to Rodman

This fall the National Basketball Association will roll out its first licensed
apparel line designed exclusively for women.

Death of America's Team

San Francisco 49ers executive Carmen Policy rejects the notion that the NFL is
poorer for the demise of the Jerry Jones juggernaut, those Dallas Cowboys.

"It's not more boring, it's more civilized," he said. "It's the San F rancisco
49ers vs. the opposition instead of the San Francisco 49ers vs. the Evil Empire.
The competition is still tough, but you don't consider it a holy war."

Giving back to society

Thumbs up to Mike Tyson for agreeing to help maintain order in Wrestlemania XIV
as a referee. After doing so much to encourage mayhem in our society, it's great
to see the real Iron Mike play peacemaker.

(How pervasive is Tyson's bad influence? According to reports in Scotland, three
mourners at a wake got mauled by a pit bull. It's name: "Tyson.")

Mysteries of the universe

Questions to ponder while waiting for Green Bay Packers offensive coordinator
Sherm Lewis to land a head coaching job over some of the retreads:

* Aren't we all getting a little tired of John Madden?

* Now that Boomer Esiason has displaced Frank Gifford on "Monday Night
Football," does that mean Gifford has to quarterback the Cincinnati Bengals?
(Hey, they're only a few years apart.)

* Do you suppose O.J. Simpson keeps talking to drown out the pitter-patter of a
"Tell-tale Heart"?

Mr. Postman

Harvey Meyer of Affton notes that Denver running back Terrell Davis won't wear a
flak jacket during a game again because it contributed to two fumbles earlier in
the playoffs. "If that's the case," Harvey writes, "the Rams must have been
wearing full body armor the whole season."

* Megaphone

"Tyson-Holyfield III would be the biggest fight in history. This fight isn't
about titles, it's about blood, something that would have the people going crazy
if it happened in the Roman Coliseum."

Boxing promoter Don King.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photos
 (1) BOOMER ESIASON Former Bengals quarterback will help call signals on "Monday
Night Football".
 (2) MIKE TYSON Wrestling ref.
 (3) O.J. SIMPSON Speaking out.
 (4) FRANK GIFFORD Time for the boot from big football show.
 (5) RICK PITINO Celtics coach knows better than to get the Bulls' Mr. Jordan
motivated.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                           November 23, 2004 Tuesday

Lawyers must report non-practicing lawyer misconduct

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Lawyers have an ethical obligation to report misconduct by other lawyers, if the
misconduct raises a substantial question about the offending lawyer's honesty,
trustworthiness or fitness to practice law. They must report the misconduct even
if it occurs totally removed from legal practice, and even if the misbehaving
lawyer does not practice law.

But if reporting another lawyer's misconduct to disciplinary authorities would
reveal client confidences, the lawyer considering making the report must first
obtain the client's consent. In practical terms, clients may have a variety of
reasons to refuse consent, and little incentive to grant it.

These are the conclusions of an ethics opinion issued today by the American Bar
Association Standing Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility.

The opinion identifies a variety of circumstances in which lawyers may learn of
misconduct by other lawyers who are not acting in a legal capacity. They may
work together for a corporation, one of them in a non-legal capacity. They may
be law school faculty colleagues, with one of them also practicing law, or both
may work in a law firm, one of them functioning as an in-house accountant.

The misconduct may be criminal; may involve dishonesty, fraud, deceit or
misrepresentation; or may even be minor. But minor acts of misconduct that are
repeated may indicate an indifference to legal obligations. Although reporting a
colleague may be awkward, the committee concedes, neglecting to do so can
compromise the independence of the profession and the public interest.

However, the duty of confidentiality "trumps" the reporting obligation, and
covers all information relating to the representation of the client, says the
committee. In the corporate environment, confidentiality protects any
communication between the corporation's lawyer and any constituent of the
organization in any organizational capacity. "[T]he hands of lawyers are often
effectively tied in these situations by the wishes or even the whims of their
clients," according to the opinion. Although the lawyer proposing to report the
misconduct can encourage the client to consent, "[a]s a practical matter, there
may be little benefit for the client" in doing so.

The ABA Standing Committee on Ethics and Professional Responsibility
periodically issues ethics opinions for the guidance of lawyers, courts and the
public interpreting and applying the ABA Model Rules of Professional Conduct to
specific issues of legal practice and client-lawyer relationships.

Copies of ethics opinions may be ordered from the ABA Service Center at
800/285-2221 or by e-mail at abasvcctr@staff.abanet.org. To obtain the opinion
on reporting misconduct, ask for Formal Opinion 04-433.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Irish's season gets worse Irish: Kelly says he has no reason to believe he won't
remain coach

BYLINE: By Tom Coyne AP Sportswriter

SECTION: SPORTS_; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 872 words


SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Brian Kelly's worst season at Notre Dame took an
embarrassing turn Tuesday as the NCAA announced that academic misconduct
orchestrated by a student athletic trainer will cost the storied program all 21
victories from the 2012-13 seasons, including the 12-0 run that vaulted the
Fighting Irish into the national championship game against Alabama.

It marked just the fourth time the NCAA has cited Notre Dame for a major rules
violation. The vacated games include Notre Dame's 12 victories in 2012, their
best regular season since winning their last national championship in 1988. The
season finished with an embarrassing 42-14 loss to the Crimson Tide in the title
game and the revelation that linebacker Manti Te'o had been the victim of a fake
girlfriend hoax.

The school ripped the NCAA for its decision to vacate the wins and immediately
said it would appeal. The Rev. John Jenkins, the university president, said the
NCAA has never before vacated records in such a case.

"We believe that imposition of the vacation of records penalty without serious
underlying institutional misconduct will not primarily punish those responsible
for the misconduct, but rather will punish coaches, student-athletes and indeed
the entire institution who did nothing wrong and, with regard to this case, did
everything right," Jenkins said. He noted the NCAA has since voted to change the
rule that brought this case under NCAA jurisdiction rather than leaving such
decisions to individual schools.

The Division I Committee on Infractions panel also put Notre Dame on probation
for a year and ordered a $5,000 fine, penalties the school agreed with. There
were no bowl or scholarship punishments.

According to the NCAA, the trainer was employed by the athletics department from
fall 2009 through the spring of 2013 and "partially or wholly completed numerous
academic assignments for football student-athletes in numerous courses" from
2011 into

2013. It said she did substantial coursework for two players and gave
impermissible help to six others in 18 courses over two academic years. The NCAA
said the woman "continued to provide impermissible academic benefits to football
student-athletes for a full year after she graduated" and was in her first year
of law school elsewhere.

In all, the NCAA said, three athletes would up playing while ineligible, one
during the 2012 season and the other two the following season, when the Irish
went 9-4.

Kelly said he knew the vacated wins were a possibility since Notre Dame
officials met with the NCAA several months ago. He said he had hoped "reasonable
people would come to a reasonable decision."

"If doing the right thing means that you've got to put an asterisk next to these
games, that's fine with me," he said. "We still beat Oklahoma. We still beat
Wake Forest, we still beat all those teams, so you can put an asterisk next to
it. If that makes you feel better, then that's fine with me."

He said he doesn't believe he has any culpability in the case and has no reason
to believe he won't be back as Notre Dame's coach next season.

"I think you guys are confusing this statement with the win-loss record," said
Kelly, whose struggling team has a 4-7 record ahead of Saturday's game at No. 12
USC. "A win-loss record is always under scrutiny at Notre Dame, and it should
be. That's part of it."

The report doesn't name the players involved, but stems from an investigation
that began in August 2014, when the university suspended defensive lineman Ishaq
Williams, receiver DaVaris Daniels, linebacker Kendall Moore and cornerback
KeiVarae Russell, who weren't allowed to play that season. The school later
benched safety Eilar Hardy, who was allowed to return in midseason. Russell
returned and played for the Irish last season. Quarterback Everett Golson was
suspended for the fall 2013 semester for what he termed "poor judgment on a
test."

Notre Dame players said after practice Tuesday that Kelly explained the NCAA
announcement after practice. They said it has no effect on them.

"It's just a couple of guys made a mistake and the whole team goes down with
it," left tackle Mike McGlinchey said.

McGlinchey said he wasn't worried about the victories being vacated.

"We know we won the games," said McGlinchey, a team captain. "They're not going
to take that away from us. They can take it away in the record books all they
want, but we won the games."

It was the first major NCAA violation for Notre Dame since 1999, when the school
was placed on probation and had two scholarships taken away because of the
relationship between Irish players and former booster Kimberly Dunbar, who
embezzled more than $1.2 million from her employer and then lavished the players
with gifts, trips and money. The NCAA also lists two other major infractions: in
1971 for the improper administration of financial aid and in 1954 for improper
tryouts.

If the NCAA erases all 21 Notre Dame victories, the Irish would fall from the
school with the second-most wins in NCAA history behind Michigan (935) to fifth
place with 875. That would place them behind Texas (892), Nebraska (889), Ohio
State (885) and tied with Alabama (875) heading into the game against the
Trojans, where they are 17-point underdogs.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press File Photo The NCAA is ordering Notre Dame to vacate
wins from its 2012 and 2013 football seasons because a student athletic trainer
committed academic misconduct by doing substantial course work for two players
and giving six others impermissible academic extra benefits.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 18, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Laxity on Police Abuses

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 410 words


Public Advocate Mark Green's interim report on police misconduct cases gives
disturbing evidence of how lax New York City's Police Department has been in
past years in following through on citizen complaints. Under the present system,
all citizen complaints are investigated by the independent Civilian Complaint
Review Board. Only about 6 percent of all complaints are found to be
substantiated by the board and forwarded to the Police Department for charging
and disciplinary action.

Mr. Green's review, which is continuing, looked at what happened to 283
misconduct cases, involving 420 officers, that were forwarded to the department
for action. In only 30 percent of these cases, mostly from 1994 to 1997, were
any charges filed against the officers by the department. Defenders of the
department argue that many cases were not adequately documented or had run past
the 18-month statute of limitations for disciplining officers. But Mr. Green
found that in many cases there was no additional investigation or detailed
reason for rejecting the Review Board's recommendation.

The report also notes that of the 420 officers reviewed, more than 70 percent
had had previous allegations of misconduct made against them, such as use of
excessive force, abuse of authority, or offensive language. The high percentage
of repeat complaints shows that public trust can be damaged by a very small
segment of the force. These data should give police officials reason to retrain
or drum out officers who prove to be repeat offenders.

Police Commissioner Howard Safir dismisses the report as tainted by politics and
charges that the data used do not reflect recent improvements in the
complaint-handling process. But he is in no position to complain about
timeliness. Mr. Green fought for two years to get the police records, and had to
get the courts to order the Giuliani administration to make the information
available.

The department, under public scrutiny after the brutal attack on Abner Louima,
has recently done better at disciplining officers. In 1996, roughly 20 percent
of officers with substantiated complaints were actually disciplined. In the
first half of 1999 that figure rose to 53 percent. Mr. Safir credits better
Review Board investigations due to more funding and more investigators. But the
abysmal past performance documented by Mr. Green raises questions as to how
conscientiously the police are willing to monitor themselves.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      April 2, 1982, Friday, Final Edition

NHL Officials Suspend Holt for Last 2 Games

BYLINE: By Robert Fachet, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; D2

LENGTH: 363 words


The National Hockey League yesterday gave Washington's Randy Holt an early start
on his vacation. Holt, involved in a wrestling match with linesman Paul Flaherty
during Saturday's 4-4 tie with Philadelphia, was suspended for the last two
games of the season.

Holt already had been assessed automatic fines totaling $250 and was forced to
sit out Sunday's 6-5 Capital Centre loss to Pittsburgh as a result of the
incident. The double game misconduct he was dealt by referee Bruce Hood gave him
three for the season and mandated that one-game suspension.

Holt was permitted to play in Wednesday's 4-4 tie at Pittsburgh and received a
10-minute misconduct that enabled him to set a Washington club record of 250
penalty minutes for the season.

Another Capital player, Lee Norwood, drew his third game misconduct of the
season in Pittsburgh and the resulting automatic one-game suspension will keep
him out of Saturday's game in Toronto. Norwood was assessed misconduct, game
misconduct and gross misconduct penalties, the latter for allegedly making an
obscene gesture at referee Denis Morel.

Besides $250 in automatic fines, Norwood will not receive--at least until next
year--a contract bonus specified when he plays his 40th NHL game. He has played
38 and would have qualified for the extra payment after Sunday's home finale
against Montreal.

Since NHL Rule 29 calls for a $1,000 fine against the team when a player is
suspended, and Torrie Robertson also received his third game misconduct against
the Flyers Saturday, beleaguered Washington owner Abe Pollin has been forced to
pay the NHL $3,000 in the past week because of player misconduct.

Seven Capitals have been invited to participate in the World Ice Hockey
Championships in Finland, beginning April 15.

Ryan Walter, Mike Gartner and Rick Green have agreed to play for Team Canada,
with Dennis Maruk delaying a decision because of his injured right knee.

Norwood will represent the United States, but Bobby Carpenter is undecided,
because of conflicts involving his classes at the University of Maryland.

Bengt Gustafsson, invited to play for Sweden, is doubtful because of his
physical condition.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Picture, Randy Holt

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            December 19, 2016 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Top Army general to review issues plaguing brass;
Three-star officer will examine problems of misconduct, suicide

BYLINE: Tom Vanden Brook, @tvandenbrook, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 609 words


The Army has named a three-star officer to review its burgeoning problem of
sexual misconduct among senior officers and the shocking suicide this summer of
a top general, Army Secretary Eric Fanning told USA TODAY.

The Army also instituted a  procedure that prompts the review of the security
clearances of top brass to be triggered by investigations of misconduct, Fanning
said Friday. The new approach to clearances, which grant troops and civilians
access to national security secrets, stems from a USA TODAY report on a senior
officer fired from his job last spring but allowed to retain his clearance for
several months.

Lt. Gen. Edward Carbon will examine the recent spate of top officers felled by
misdeeds, and, one, Maj. Gen. John Rossi, who killed himself, Fanning said.

"This has hit the general officer corps pretty hard," Fanning said of the
suicide.

Fanning stressed that the overall number of complaints lodged against the Army's
top officers and senior civilians has remained relatively low and dipped in the
most recent reporting period, fiscal year 2016, which ended  Sept.30. The vast
majority of that group of about 560 senior officials perform their duties
honorably, he said.

Data do, however, show what Fanning referred to as "an uptick" in extramarital
affairs and other misbehavior. An internal Army report found that "most
concerning is that seven allegations of sexual misconduct, inappropriate
relationships and sexual harassment were substantiated in FY16. This constituted
a significant increase from the two allegations involving sexual misconduct that
were substantiated in FY15. These types of cases have a significant negative
impact on the Army and its image."

The Army has been rocked by several high-profile cases of top officers felled by
extramarital affairs, carousing and suicide. Among the findings of
investigators: Maj. Gen. David Haight, the "swinging general," had an 11-year
affair and led a "swinger lifestyle" and Maj. Gen. Ron Lewis, who had been the
three-star adviser to Defense Secretary Ash Carter, frequented strip clubs, got
drunk in public and had improper interactions with women. Rossi took his  life
in July, just days before he was to be become a three-star general.

Fanning speculated that the multiple combat tours over the past 15 years of
soldiers like Haight, and their long absences from their families, may have
contributed to their misconduct.

"We want to have a better understanding of the impact that has on our senior
officers, and look for ways that we can mitigate any causes or linkages that we
see," Fanning said.

The problem does not appear to be widespread, he said, but continual combat
stress may be a common thread for those who violate military rules and laws.

"I don't think there's a problem because I don't think the numbers bear that
out," Fanning said. "But if you look at that small subset of the general officer
larger population, we want to understand why. My guess is there's something
systemic in there. We want to get at it and be pre-emptive about it."

One immediate action is the automatic review of security clearance status for
top officials under investigation. Lt. Gen. Gary Cheek, the director of the Army
staff, has been directed to remove the loophole that allowed Haight to retain
his clearance for several months after he had been fired from a top post with
U.S. European Command.

"We've got him fixing that," Fanning said of Cheek.

Security clearances are required for top officers and senior officials to review
secret information. They can retain the clearances after retirement and have
value because they are often required for jobs in the defense industry.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Win McNamee, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 19, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Police brutality case in federal court;
Canton brothers' suit alleges abuse, cover-up by sheriff's deputies and
spotlights internal investigations.

BYLINE: Mark Bixler

SECTION: CHEROKEE EXTRA; Pg. 12JQ

LENGTH: 679 words


A trial alleging police brutality and misconduct by several deputies at the
Cherokee County Sheriff's Department and two officers at the Canton Police
Department is being heard in a courtroom in U.S. District Court in Atlanta.

The trial revolves around allegations made by Ralph and Wesley Ensley, two
brothers from Canton, that deputies and police used excessive force and abused
their authority on a spring night more than five years ago. The Ensleys say
police abused them and covered it up after the Ensleys stumbled onto the scene
of an undercover drug operation along Reinhardt College Parkway in Canton on May
15, 1993.

The trial, which began Nov. 9, could continue through Thanks- giving.

Their lawsuit raises the question of how seriously the Cherokee County Sheriff's
Department investigates complaints of misconduct.

Fred G. Robinette III, a career FBI agent who investigated police misconduct
from 1986 to 1994, said in a 60-page affidavit in support of the Ensleys' case
that misconduct allegations in the early 1990s "were frequently incomplete,
inconclusive, incompetent, unprofessional and biased in favor of the deputies."
He also said, however, that Sheriff Roger Garrison has since taken steps to
strengthen internal investigations. And the sheriff has said that complaints
against deputies are pursued much more vigorously than they were when he became
sheriff in 1993.

The Ensleys' lawsuit gives this account of what happened on May 15, 1993:

The Ensleys were in Ralph Ensley's furniture store on Reinhardt College Parkway
when they heard a gunshot. Then a neighbor called to say someone was robbing a
nearby video store where Ralph Ensley's wife was working. Ralph Ensley grabbed
an iron bar and ran toward the video store. His brother followed.

They did not know that deputies were conducting an undercover drug operation in
the parking lot of a nearby store.

As it turned out, the officers did not find any drugs, the suit says. And by the
time the Ensleys ran into the crowd, 11 law enforcement officers were in the
parking lot --- many in plainclothes, the suit says.

Ensley says he saw no one in uniform. He says a deputy threw him to the ground
and that people jumped on him and assaulted him. He says he did not know that
law enforcement officers were in the parking lot until he saw an officer's pant
leg and shoe.

Lawyers for the Sheriff's Department tell a different story. They say the
Ensleys ran into a crime scene and ignored warnings to stay out. They say Ralph
Ensley hit a deputy with the iron pipe and that several deputies had to restrain
him.

Garrison said he is confident his deputies acted appropriately.

Deputies charged Ralph Ensley with two counts of aggravated assault on a peace
officer, felony obstruction of a law enforcement officer and public drunkenness.
Wesley Ensley was with public drunkenness and felony obstruction of a law
enforcement officer.

A jury found them not guilty.

Nearly two years after the incident, on May 4, 1995, the Ensleys sued Garrison,
eight deputies and two Canton police officers.

A former police officer and prosecutor who worked as a defense attorney when he
represented the Ensleys during their criminal trial in Cherokee Superior Court
also testified Friday. George Weaver said he was alarmed by a conversation he
had after the incident with Canton Officer Mike Johnston.

"He said 'George, you don't understand. This is a war between us and them,' " he
quoted Johnston as saying.

Weaver said he asked Johnston to explain. He said Johnston said "us" referred to
the police and "them" referred to "everybody else." Johnston later "emphatically
denied" making that statement, Weaver said.

Robinette, the former FBI agent, said in his affidavit that he believes deputies
altered police reports to make the Ensleys look bad. He said two of the deputies
being sued have been punished by internal investigators before.

He said the actions by the Sheriff's Department after the incident stand "as a
classic example of an internal cover-up."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo Q1119TRIAL 2_279065:
 Ralph Ensley
 Photo Q1119TRIAL 3_279066:
 Wesley Ensley

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Oakland: Two officers resign over sexual misconduct investigation

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 346 words


OAKLAND -- Two of the four Oakland police officers placed on paid leave in a
sexual misconduct investigation have resigned, the department said Wednesday.

Oakland police spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson declined to name the officers,
citing the ongoing investigation. On Monday, officials said a fourth officer had
been placed on leave in a growing scandal first uncovered after another officer
committed suicide in September.

"The Oakland Police Department can confirm that two of the four officers who
were placed on administrative leave as part of our ongoing investigation into a
recent misconduct case have resigned," according to a department statement. "The
Internal Affairs Division will continue to investigate all of the misconduct
allegations."

Officer Brendan O'Brien, who committed suicide by gun on Sept. 25, left a note
naming specific officers who allegedly were involved with a police dispatcher's
daughter who goes by the name Celeste Guap, according to a source who read the
note.

Oakland police initially investigated but did not take any action. However,
since then, the independent monitor overseeing department reforms learned of the
allegations and raised questions.

Last week, Mayor Libby Schaaf said the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
was going to conduct an independent review of the sex allegations, and deaths of
O'Brien and his wife, Irma Huerta Lopez, who committed suicide a year earlier.

Huerta Lopez's death was briefly investigated as suspicious but later ruled a
suicide. Her sister, Paulina Huerta, told this newspaper she still has doubts
about Huerta Lopez's suicide and has blamed O'Brien.

"The Oakland Police Department is committed to transparency," the statement
read. "However, a complete investigative process requires confidentiality in
order to maintain the integrity of the investigation. For this reason, only
those preliminary details that do not compromise the investigation can be
released at this time."

Check back for updates.

David DeBolt covers Oakland. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at
Twitter.com/daviddebolt .

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean
Whent speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif.,
on Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean Whent
speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif., on
Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Oakland: Two officers resign over sexual misconduct investigation

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 346 words


OAKLAND -- Two of the four Oakland police officers placed on paid leave in a
sexual misconduct investigation have resigned, the department said Wednesday.

Oakland police spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson declined to name the officers,
citing the ongoing investigation. On Monday, officials said a fourth officer had
been placed on leave in a growing scandal first uncovered after another officer
committed suicide in September.

"The Oakland Police Department can confirm that two of the four officers who
were placed on administrative leave as part of our ongoing investigation into a
recent misconduct case have resigned," according to a department statement. "The
Internal Affairs Division will continue to investigate all of the misconduct
allegations."

Officer Brendan O'Brien, who committed suicide by gun on Sept. 25, left a note
naming specific officers who allegedly were involved with a police dispatcher's
daughter who goes by the name Celeste Guap, according to a source who read the
note.

Oakland police initially investigated but did not take any action. However,
since then, the independent monitor overseeing department reforms learned of the
allegations and raised questions.

Last week, Mayor Libby Schaaf said the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
was going to conduct an independent review of the sex allegations, and deaths of
O'Brien and his wife, Irma Huerta Lopez, who committed suicide a year earlier.

Huerta Lopez's death was briefly investigated as suspicious but later ruled a
suicide. Her sister, Paulina Huerta, told this newspaper she still has doubts
about Huerta Lopez's suicide and has blamed O'Brien.

"The Oakland Police Department is committed to transparency," the statement
read. "However, a complete investigative process requires confidentiality in
order to maintain the integrity of the investigation. For this reason, only
those preliminary details that do not compromise the investigation can be
released at this time."

Check back for updates.

David DeBolt covers Oakland. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at
Twitter.com/daviddebolt .

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean
Whent speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif.,
on Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean Whent
speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif., on
Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Oakland: Two officers resign over sexual misconduct investigation

BYLINE: By David DeBolt ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News

LENGTH: 346 words


OAKLAND -- Two of the four Oakland police officers placed on paid leave in a
sexual misconduct investigation have resigned, the department said Wednesday.

Oakland police spokeswoman Officer Johnna Watson declined to name the officers,
citing the ongoing investigation. On Monday, officials said a fourth officer had
been placed on leave in a growing scandal first uncovered after another officer
committed suicide in September.

"The Oakland Police Department can confirm that two of the four officers who
were placed on administrative leave as part of our ongoing investigation into a
recent misconduct case have resigned," according to a department statement. "The
Internal Affairs Division will continue to investigate all of the misconduct
allegations."

Officer Brendan O'Brien, who committed suicide by gun on Sept. 25, left a note
naming specific officers who allegedly were involved with a police dispatcher's
daughter who goes by the name Celeste Guap, according to a source who read the
note.

Oakland police initially investigated but did not take any action. However,
since then, the independent monitor overseeing department reforms learned of the
allegations and raised questions.

Last week, Mayor Libby Schaaf said the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
was going to conduct an independent review of the sex allegations, and deaths of
O'Brien and his wife, Irma Huerta Lopez, who committed suicide a year earlier.

Huerta Lopez's death was briefly investigated as suspicious but later ruled a
suicide. Her sister, Paulina Huerta, told this newspaper she still has doubts
about Huerta Lopez's suicide and has blamed O'Brien.

"The Oakland Police Department is committed to transparency," the statement
read. "However, a complete investigative process requires confidentiality in
order to maintain the integrity of the investigation. For this reason, only
those preliminary details that do not compromise the investigation can be
released at this time."

Check back for updates.

David DeBolt covers Oakland. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at
Twitter.com/daviddebolt .

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean
Whent speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif.,
on Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean Whent
speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif., on
Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday

3 unanswered questions about the Dennis Hastert indictment

BYLINE: By Mike Riopell Political Editor mriopell@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 319 words


3 unanswered questions about the Dennis Hastert indictment

Former U.S. Speaker Dennis Hastert's indictment on charges of lying to the FBI
Thursday left unanswered questions about the specific accusations involved.

The Chicago Tribune, quoting unnamed sources, said the "misconduct" mentioned in
the indictment is sexual in nature and is related to Hastert's work as a high
school teacher in Yorkville. The New York Times reported that two unnamed
sources familiar with evidence uncovered in the FBI investigation say the
misconduct was sexual abuse.

Yorkville Unit District 115 said in a statement Friday it "has no knowledge of
Mr. Hastert's alleged misconduct, nor has any individual contacted the district
to report any such misconduct."

Here are three questions the indictment against the longtime West suburban
congressman doesn't address.

What is Hastert's response?

Federal prosecutors' charges are just that, leaving Hastert with the presumption
of innocence until proven guilty. But the 73-year-old former speaker hasn't
spoken publicly and hasn't returned messages seeking comment.

Who is "Individual A?"

The indictment accuses Hastert of agreeing to pay an unnamed person, "Individual
A," $3.5 million in order to cover up some kind of "misconduct" on Hastert's
part. The document says Individual A is a longtime Yorkville resident who has
known Hastert most of his life.

When did it happen?

The accusations also don't describe this. Given the long time "Individual A" is
said to have known Hastert, the "misconduct" described could predate his career
in politics. Hastert was the longest-serving Republican speaker and spent 20
years as a member of Congress. Before that, he served at the Illinois Capitol.
The indictment noted that before entering state and federal politics in 1981,
Hastert served for more than a decade as a government and history teacher and
wrestling and football coach at Yorkville High School.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DAILY HERALD FILE PHOTO, 2008 Former Speaker of the House Dennis
Hastert talks with the Daily Herald. Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.com The federal
indictment of House Speaker Dennis Hastert left some questions unanswered. DAILY
HERALD FILE PHOTO, 2008 Former Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert talks with
the Daily Herald. Rick West/rwest@dailyherald.com The federal indictment of
House Speaker Dennis Hastert left some questions unanswered.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: FSU Police misconduct investigation closed; no basis found for further
charges

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 218 words


Dec. 03--FROSTBURG -- An administrative and criminal investigation into
allegations of misconduct by Frostburg State University Police personnel
conducted by C3I, the Allegany County State's Attorney's Office and Cumberland
Police Department has determined the allegations to be non-sustained.

The allegations came to light following the investigation of prior misconduct by
a former FSU Police officer. FSU officials requested assistance from an outside
agency, and an administrative investigation was conducted by a ranking member of
the Cumberland Police Department, according to the terms of the Law Enforcement
Officers Bill of Rights, along with a criminal investigation by C3I and the
State's Attorney's Office.

"We take any allegations of misconduct very seriously," said FSU Senior Vice
President Stephen Spahr. "We have an expectation of utmost professionalism from
our officers at all times. The integrity and credibility of the entire force is
impacted by the actions of every individual officer, so our training and
procedures are designed to support those goals. We express our gratitude to our
regional agencies for their assistance."

___ (c)2014 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141203-UM-BRF-FSU-Police-misconduct
-investigation-closed-no-basis-found-for-further-charges-1203-20141203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2014 Cumberland Times-News


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

Georgia: Former Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired teacher
accused of sex with student

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Georgia Partnership For Excellence In Education, The State of Georgia has issued
the following news release:

The former teacher at the Indiana School for the Blind and Visually Impaired
fired last month amid sexual misconduct allegations had several encounters with
a student younger than 16, a probable cause affidavit says.

The alleged sexual acts between Al Lovati, 60, and the child happened between
August 2012 and last March. The girl told detectives she and Lovati had sex once
when they were at a conference last July in Florida and engaged in other sexual
acts on several occasions at school after classes let out, according to a
probable cause affidavit.

Documents said the girl is at least 14 but younger than 16.
Investigation into the alleged misconduct began on Sept. 18 after another
student told police he saw the girl fondling Lovati in a car, documents said.
The student said all three of them and a fourth student, who is blind, were on
their way to Zionsville for a Lions Club presentation. The student who witnessed
the fondling had told Lovati that he couldn't see well, documents said, but that
was untrue.

School officials fired Lovati that day, documents said.

The girl said that all of the acts with Lovati were consensual and that he was
"very nice to her and they had many long talks about everything in life,"
documents said.

The age of consent in Indiana is 16.

Lovati, who is not in jail, is charged with three counts of sexual misconduct
with a minor, two counts of child seduction and one count of official misconduct
, all of which are felonies. If proven guilty of the charges, Lovati could face
up to 60 years in prison.

"We are deeply troubled by this allegation and are reviewing the policies and
procedures we already have in place to ensure we provide our students with a
safe and positive living and learning environment," school superintendent James
Durst said in September after Lovati was fired.

For further information please visit: http://www.gpee.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Fourth Oakland police officer placed on leave in sex misconduct investigation

BYLINE: By David DeBolt ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News

LENGTH: 361 words


OAKLAND -- A sexual misconduct investigation has ensnared a fourth Oakland
police officer, the department said Monday.

The Oakland Police Department did not name the officer or the three others who
were put on leave over the past weeks. The allegations of sexual misconduct
involving the officers surfaced after the September suicide of Officer Brendan
O'Brien.

"The Oakland Police Department's Internal Affairs Division has placed a fourth
Oakland police officer on administrative leave as a result of our ongoing
investigation into a recent misconduct case," the department said in a statement
Monday. "The Oakland Police Department is committed to transparency. However, a
complete investigative process requires confidentiality in order to maintain the
integrity of the investigation. For this reason, only those preliminary details
that do not compromise the investigation can be released at this time."

O'Brien, 30, left a note naming specific officers who allegedly were involved
with the daughter of a police dispatcher who goes by the name Celeste Guap,
according to a source who read the note.

Oakland police initially investigated but did not take any action. However,
since then, the independent monitor overseeing department reforms learned of the
allegations and raised questions.

Police have reopened the internal affairs and criminal investigations into the
case, including trying to determine if Guap was a minor at the time. And on
Friday, Mayor Libby Schaaf said the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
was going to conduct an independent review of the sex allegations, and deaths of
O'Brien and his wife, Irma Huerta Lopez, who committed suicide a year earlier.
O'Brien, who shot himself inside his Oakland apartment in September, lost his
wife in June 2014 when she shot herself in the same place with his gun,
according to autopsy reports.

Huerta Lopez's death was briefly investigated as suspicious but later ruled a
suicide. Her sister, Paulina Huerta, told this newspaper she still has doubts
about Huerta Lopez's suicide and has blamed O'Brien.

David DeBolt covers Oakland. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at
Twitter.com/daviddebolt .

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 24, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

In America;
Good Cop, Bad Cop

BYLINE: By BOB HERBERT

SECTION: Section A; Page 15; Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 707 words


There is a widespread notion, rooted in ignorance, prejudice and fear, that a
police department can only be effective if a certain number of its officers
behave like thugs. According to this notion, gratuitous brutality, a nasty
attitude and the harassment of innocent people are essential components of
successful police work.

It is a dangerous notion, and with the tacit encouragement of public officials
who should know better it is flourishing in New York.

"Look at the results," a caller to The Times said last week. "Crime is down. If
the police have to kick a little butt to make the city safer, so be it."

The caller hadn't intended to insult the police. But the suggestion that the
recent advances against crime were even in part the result of police officers'
shooting the wrong people, making false arrests, bullying racial minorities,
molesting female motorists, cursing witnesses and taunting innocent teen-agers
is without any doubt an affront to the officers who have saved lives, made
thousands of good arrests and prevented untold numbers of crimes by doing their
jobs legally, professionally and well.

There is a profound difference between a cop who will shoot, beat, stomp or
otherwise brutalize an innocent civilian and a cop who will run to the aid of
someone under attack by criminals. There is a difference between the lowlife
with a badge who takes a motorist into a van and runs his hands all over her and
a dedicated cop who frisks a drug offender for weapons and initiates a check for
outstanding warrants.

Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, more than anyone else, should be spotlighting these
differences, and making it clear to New Yorkers that even as aggressive
crime-fighting is encouraged, police misconduct will not be tolerated.

He has chosen to do the opposite, which is to cover up as much of the misconduct
as possible. Information from the Police Department, especially information
concerning abuses, is much tougher to obtain now than it has been for many
years. Accredited reporters are regularly denied information to which they are
entitled. Even city officials are treated with disdain. Mark Green, the Public
Advocate, is preparing a lawsuit to find out what the Police Department does
about misconduct allegations that are substantiated by the Civilian Complaint
Review Board. When Mr. Green asked for the information in a letter to Police
Commissioner Howard Safir, he was told to get lost.

"The department is bunkered," said Richard Emery, a lawyer in private practice
who is handling Mr. Green's lawsuit pro bono. "They are acting like the secret
police in Soviet Russia. In many ways, they are undermining their great
achievements."

Meanwhile, the gulf between the police and law-abiding New Yorkers, especially
in black and Latino neighborhoods, grows and grows. The poisonous atmosphere in
some communities is reminiscent of the hateful conditions that prevailed in
Philadelphia under Mayor Frank Rizzo and in Los Angeles during the regime of
Police Chief Daryl Gates. The problem is widespread. There are not just a few
bad apples in the N.Y.P.D.; there's an entire orchard of wrongdoers.

Lawsuits arising from brutality, phony arrests and other police misconduct cost
the city millions each year. In a speech last fall, Joel Berger, a former senior
litigator in the Corporation Counsel's office, said money paid by the city to
victims of police misconduct "is the fastest-growing category of personal injury
payments -- growing faster than cases arising from defective roads and highways
or medical malpractice in the city's hospitals."

Mayor Giuliani has refused to call a halt to this madness. Usually, when it
comes to criticism, he has the fastest tongue east of the Hudson. But when the
police are involved, Mr. Giuliani grows eerily quiet. And yet it is difficult to
believe that he believes misconduct is an essential component of good policing.
He is so much smarter (and, you would hope, more enlightened) than the barbaric
Mr. Rizzo and the dull-witted Mr. Gates.

At some level Mr. Giuliani knows what to do about the bad behavior embedded in
the Police Department. But he's a politician. He knows what works for him.
Expect him to keep his eyes carefully averted.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              July 30, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

MISCONDUCT OCCURS AT UW, AROUND NATION

BYLINE: DAVID WAHLBERG dwahlberg@madison.com 608-252-6125

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 316 words


Elizabeth Goodwin's scientific misconduct at UW-Madison was the "most egregious"
the campus has ever seen, said Bill Mellon, associate dean for research policy
in the graduate school.

But her alleged fabrications of data about proteins involved in the early growth
of worms are far from the only research wrongdoings that have been unearthed at
UW-Madison and other institutions, officials say.

The university has investigated 12 other charges of scientific misconduct since
1999, Mellon said. Four have led to disciplinary action, he said, one involving
two faculty members and an academic staff member, the other three involving
graduate students.

A committee is overseeing the faculty members' and staff member's research and
publications for a year, Mellon said.

One of the students was dismissed. Another student was allowed to correct the
data and graduate. The third student's case has not been resolved.

Nationally, the federal Office of Research Integrity, within the Department of
Health and Human Services, received 265 misconduct allegations last year.
UW-Madison has sent Goodwin's case to the agency for review.

Of 22 cases at the federal agency for which investigations were completed last
year, misconduct was found in eight cases, according an annual report.

Four of the eight researchers were banned from federal research grants for three
years and one was banned for two years.

Another, Eric Poehlman, was banned from such money for life, in what regulators
characterized as the most serious case of misconduct in decades. The
ex-University of Vermont researcher admitted last year to fabricating data in 17
grant proposals. He was sentenced last month to a year in prison.

According to a survey last year by the HealthPartners Research Foundation in
Minneapolis, a third of 3,400 scientists funded by the National Institutes of
Health acknowledged research wrongdoings from 2002 to 2005.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 17, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW ORLEANS MOVES TO CURB MISCONDUCT OF OFFICIALS

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 25, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, May 16


The New Orleans City Council, at the end of an emotional, 10-hour hearing
dominated by allegations of police brutality, voted to establish a new municipal
agency to investigate alleged misconduct of city employees, including the
police.

The hearing Thursday was the culmination of four days of criticism by black
leaders here after a state grand jury decided not to indict any of the 14 police
officers involved in a series of incidents that included the fatal shootings of
four black persons.

The ordinance to establish the new agency, to be called the Office of Municipal
Investigation, was introduced last June at the request of Mayor Ernest N.
Morial. Support for the plan grew in the last several months as a result of the
police shootings.

In approving the new investigative office, the Council set June 1, 1983, as the
agency's expiration date. Sixty days before the expiration date, the Council
will review its operations to determine whether the agency should continue.

Dozens Testify for Plan

Although the new agency will investigate allegations of misconduct in all city
departments, the allegations of police misconduct were apparently uppermost in
the minds of many people who supported the plan.

Dozens of citizens, including representatives of the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People, Roman Catholic groups and Protestant sects,
spoke in favor of the investigative agency at the Council hearing. A lesser
number, including representatives of police organizations and City Councilman
Joseph Giarrusso, a former superintendent of police, spoke against it.

Opponents of the plan said that the New Orleans Police Department already had
its Internal Affairs Division to investigate allegations of misconduct. But
Edgar Morgan, the police official who had been in charge of the division until
this week, did not speak at the hearing. In a complaint filed with the Police
Department earlier this week, Mr. Morgan was accused of threatening his
neighbor, Albert Hawthorne, with a gun in a dispute over a dog.

Mr. Morgan, a civilian investigator employed by the police, has been temporarily
relieved of his post as internal affairs agent and assigned to another job at
police headquarters.

Rumors of Racial Violence

Black leaders here contend that the new investigative agency is necessary to
reduce tensions caused by the four shootings, which occurred early last November
in Algiers, a community across the Mississippi River from the city's central
business district.

Last Monday, after the District Attorney's office announced the results of the
grand jury investigation, there were widespread rumors that the decision would
touch off a wave of racial violence. While Mayor Morial urged the city to stay
calm, some downtown businesses sent their employees home early and parents
worried about their children's safety in the schools. But there was no violence.

In announcing that the grand jury had not indicted anyone after hearing
complaints of police brutality, District Attorney Harry Connick said, ''It is my
belief and the belief of others in my office connected with the investigation
that many of the acts complained of did, in fact, occur.''

He said he believed that ''fundamental constitutional rights were violated and
that some members of the Police Department were responsible for them,'' and
called it ''regrettable'' that the investigation and grand jury hearings
''failed to turn up sufficient evidence to justify criminal prosecution of these
violations.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 6, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
5 in Sex Case Forced To Quit Annapolis

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 22, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 150 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS, Md., April 5


Five United States Naval Academy midshipmen, four men and a woman, have been
forced to resign over sexual misconduct in Bancroft Hall, the school's
coeducational dormitory.

A sixth midshipman was found guilty of misconduct by an administrative panel but
was allowed to remain because he convinced officials that he had been pressured
into taking part in the incident Dec. 15.

Lieut. Comdr. Stephen Clawson, an academy spokesman, declined to disclose the
midshipmen's names or the nature of the incident. He said the academy considered
the sexual activity a ''serious'' breach of the code of military conduct, but
acknowledged that it ''would not have been sexual misconduct if it had been
off-campus.''

''The Naval Academy code states that sexual misconduct includes touching,
intercourse or other actions which reasonably would excite or satisfy the sexual
desire of the actor,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Simitian proposes body cameras for Santa Clara County sheriff's deputies

BYLINE: Jason Green, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 612 words


Dec. 13--As communities across the country call for more police accountability,
Santa Clara County Supervisor Joe Simitian is proposing to outfit sheriff's
deputies with body-worn cameras.

"You watch these tragedies unfold and wonder, 'Will anything come of it?'"
Simitian said, referring to the deaths of unarmed black men at the hands of
white police officers in Missouri and New York. "I think something should come
of it. I think we should ask ourselves what we can do, and I think this is
something that is real and tangible that we can and should do."

On Tuesday, Simitian plans to ask the Board of Supervisors to direct County
Executive Jeffrey Smith to investigate and report back on the "feasibility and
desirability" of using body-worn cameras.

Simitian said he believes the technology will protect the public against officer
misconduct, including use of force, as well as protect officers against
unfounded allegations of misconduct. Trust and confidence in law enforcement
will subsequently be restored, he said.

"If you reduce the potential for misconduct, reduce the potential for unfounded
allegations against law enforcement and restore some trust in the community, I
think that's a winner all around," he said.

To back up his claims, Simitian pointed to a 16-month study in Rialto that
showed a more than 50 percent reduction in use of force by officers wearing body
cameras and a nearly 90 percent drop in citizen complaints of misconduct.

Law enforcement agencies are also growing to accept the technology, Simitian
said.

"In almost every instance, the officers on the beat have come to conclude that
these cameras are of immeasurable help in documenting the appropriate behavior
that the vast majority of officers exhibit the vast majority of the time," he
said.

Simitian acknowledged, however, that body-worn cameras are far from a
"cure-all."

"But having clear evidence of what did or didn't happen is a necessary but not
necessarily sufficient precondition to a good outcome," he said. "There's no
guarantee that the system will work when it's confronted with video evidence,
but you can be pretty well guaranteed that if there isn't any evidence to
consider that the result is going to be a bad one."

Amateur recordings, including a widely circulated one of the fatal encounter
between New York police Officer Daniel Pantaleo and Eric Garner, don't always
offer a complete picture, Simitian said. The person behind the camera chooses
when to start and stop, but a body-worn camera is always rolling.

"I think it would've told us a lot more from start to finish about how that
incident unfolded and the tragic result," he said.

There are a number of issues to sort out before sheriff's deputies can be
outfitted with body-worn cameras, Simitian said. For instance, how long should
recordings be kept and who should have access?

"While I think we need to move forward with some urgency, I think it's more
important to do this right than to do it fast," he said.

Simitian noted in a news release that Sheriff Laurie Smith has proposed using
Measure A funds to purchase body-worn cameras for deputies.

"The sheriff obviously is a key player here but she's indicated her support
previously," he said.

Smith and a public information officer for the sheriff's office could not be
immediately reached for comment.

"We've got a readily available technology," Simitian said. "Why on earth
wouldn't we use it?"

Email Jason Green at jgreen@dailynewsgroup.com; follow him at
twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

___ (c)2014 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141213-PL-Simitian-proposes-body-cameras-for-Santa-Clara-County-sheriff-s-depu
ties-1213-20141213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2014 Palo Alto Daily News


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Simitian proposes body cameras for Santa Clara County sheriff's deputies

BYLINE: By Jason Green Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 569 words


As communities across the country call for more police accountability, Santa
Clara County Supervisor Joe Simitian is proposing to outfit sheriff's deputies
with body-worn cameras.

"You watch these tragedies unfold and wonder, 'Will anything come of it?'"
Simitian said, referring to the deaths of unarmed black men at the hands of
white police officers in Missouri and New York. "I think something should come
of it. I think we should ask ourselves what we can do, and I think this is
something that is real and tangible that we can and should do."

On Tuesday, Simitian plans to ask the Board of Supervisors to direct County
Executive Jeffrey Smith to investigate and report back on the "feasibility and
desirability" of using body-worn cameras.

Simitian said he believes the technology will protect the public against officer
misconduct, including use of force, as well as protect officers against
unfounded allegations of misconduct. Trust and confidence in law enforcement
will subsequently be restored, he said.

"If you reduce the potential for misconduct, reduce the potential for unfounded
allegations against law enforcement and restore some trust in the community, I
think that's a winner all around," he said.

To back up his claims, Simitian pointed to a 16-month study in Rialto that
showed a more than 50 percent reduction in use of force by officers wearing body
cameras and a nearly 90 percent drop in citizen complaints of misconduct.

Law enforcement agencies are also growing to accept the technology, Simitian
said.

"In almost every instance, the officers on the beat have come to conclude that
these cameras are of immeasurable help in documenting the appropriate behavior
that the vast majority of officers exhibit the vast majority of the time," he
said.

Simitian acknowledged, however, that body-worn cameras are far from a
"cure-all."

"But having clear evidence of what did or didn't happen is a necessary but not
necessarily sufficient precondition to a good outcome," he said. "There's no
guarantee that the system will work when it's confronted with video evidence,
but you can be pretty well guaranteed that if there isn't any evidence to
consider that the result is going to be a bad one."

Amateur recordings, including a widely circulated one of the fatal encounter
between New York police Officer Daniel Pantaleo and Eric Garner, don't always
offer a complete picture, Simitian said. They can be started and stopped, but a
body-worn camera is always rolling.

"I think it would've told us a lot more from start to finish about how that
incident unfolded and the tragic result," he said.

There are a number of issues to sort out before sheriff's deputies can be
outfitted with body-worn cameras, Simitian said. For instance, how long should
recordings be kept and who should have access?

"While I think we need to move forward with some urgency, I think it's more
important to do this right than to do it fast," he said.

Simitian noted in a news release that Sheriff Laurie Smith has proposed using
Measure A funds to purchase body-worn cameras for deputies.

"The sheriff obviously is a key player here but she's indicated her support
previously," he said.

Smith and a public information officer for the sheriff's office could not be
immediately reached for comment.

"We've got a readily available technology," Simitian said. "Why on earth
wouldn't we use it?"

Email Jason Green at twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Palo Alto: Castilleja teacher accused of sexual misconduct

BYLINE: By Jason Green Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 473 words


An English teacher at Castilleja School in Palo Alto has resigned amidst
allegations that she engaged in sexual misconduct with two students at schools
in Tennessee and Texas in the 1980s.

The students contacted Castilleja, a private school for girls in grades 6-12,
about two months ago, said spokeswoman Dana Sundblad. As soon as the school
learned of the "inappropriate relationships," the teacher was placed on
administrative leave and an investigation was launched.

The teacher denied the allegations and resigned, according to a letter Head of
School Nanci Kauffman recently sent to family and alumnae.

"As a school, we have no choice but to take allegations of this nature very
seriously," she said.

Sundblad said the school notified authorities and the schools where the teacher
previously taught.

Castilleja did not publicly release the name of the teacher because she has not
been charged with a crime. For that same reason, The Daily News is not
disclosing her name at this time.

According to the teacher's LinkedIn profile, she served as an administrator at
Baylor School in Chattanooga, Tenn., from 1985 to 1990, and as an English
instructor at Hockaday School in Dallas, Texas, from 1973 to 1983.

She also taught English at Harpeth Hall School in Nashville, Tenn., from August
1978 to June 1979.

Officials at Baylor and Hockaday confirmed that former students had made
allegations of sexual misconduct against the teacher. Baylor is a private school
for boys and girls in grades 6-12 and Hockaday is a private school for girls in
grades K-12; both offer boarding.

"Though this allegation reaches back more than two decades and we have no record
of any misconduct, we are taking it very seriously, and appropriate authorities
have been advised of the matter," said a statement provided by Barbara Kennedy,
Baylor's director of external affairs.

In a phone interview, Melissa Allan, director of communications and marketing at
Hockaday, said the school has hired an outside investigator and notified Child
Protective Services.

"We take any claim of impropriety very seriously," Allan said. "Hockaday has
always been and always will be about doing the right thing, standing by the
victim and being transparent."

Officials at Castilleja said no student at the school had stepped forward with
similar allegations. Sundblad said the teacher received accolades during her
roughly 21 years at Castilleja.

"Although we are unaware of any allegations of misconduct by this teacher during
her tenure with Castilleja, we have taken steps to inform our entire school
community, including our alumnae, and encourage anyone with concerns to please
contact us," said Kauffman.

A message left at a number listed for the teacher was not returned Wednesday or
Thursday.

Email Jason Green atjgreen@dailynewsgroup.com ; follow him
attwitter.com/jgreendailynews .

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

Alaska: MICS 3 X 3, MIW 2 X 2

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 2/9/13 at about 0300 hours, AST came in contact with Jarrett Osborne, 43, of
Fairbanks.
Osborne was found to have methamphetamine and approximately $8,000 in cash in
his pockets.  He
was arrested for Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the third degree
and taken to
FCC, where he was held without bail.

On 2/11/13 at about 0930 hours, AST contacted Alicia M. Dexter, 20.  Inside her
residence was
$12,000 in cash, four ounces of methamphetamine, and three firearms, one of
which had been
reported as stolen.  Dexter was arrested for Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in
the third degree and Misconduct Involving Weapons in the second degree and taken
to FCC, where
she was held without bail. Osborne, who also lives at the residence, was also
charged with an
additional count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the third
degree and Misconduct
Involving Weapons in the second degree.  He remains incarcerated at FCC.


For further information please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday

Alaska: MICS 3 X 3, MIW 2 X 2

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 2/9/13 at about 0300 hours, AST came in contact with Jarrett Osborne, 43, of
Fairbanks.
Osborne was found to have methamphetamine and approximately $8,000 in cash in
his pockets.  He
was arrested for Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the third degree
and taken to
FCC, where he was held without bail.

On 2/11/13 at about 0930 hours, AST contacted Alicia M. Dexter, 20.  Inside her
residence was
$12,000 in cash, four ounces of methamphetamine, and three firearms, one of
which had been
reported as stolen.  Dexter was arrested for Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in
the third degree and Misconduct Involving Weapons in the second degree and taken
to FCC, where
she was held without bail. Osborne, who also lives at the residence, was also
charged with an
additional count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the third
degree and Misconduct
Involving Weapons in the second degree.  He remains incarcerated at FCC.


For further information please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 1, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Sergeant in Sex Case Dishonorably Discharged

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 13; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 191 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C., Aug. 31


A former Army drill sergeant convicted of 15 counts of sexual misconduct has
been dishonorably discharged and sentenced to four years in prison.

The former drill instructor, Sgt. 1st Class Stanley Barner of Cordele, Ga., was
cleared of two rape charges last Thursday by a military court. His rank was
reduced to E-1, the lowest level of private, and he will forfeit all pay and
allowances, said Karen Soule, a spokeswoman at Fort Jackson, S.C.

Eight women accused him of misconduct, including improper touching,
inappropriate conversations and sexual assault in 1995 and 1996. He was
convicted of three counts of indecent assault; two of obstructing justice; one
each of adultery, assault and attempted indecent assault, and seven of
disobeying orders.

Sergeant Barner's case was the fourth court-martial at Fort Jackson since
accusations of sexual misconduct in the military emerged from the Aberdeen
Proving Ground in Maryland.

At Fort Leonard Wood, Mo., on Thursday, Sgt. 1st Class Gary F. Alford, another
drill instructor, was convicted of charges related to sexual misconduct with a
trainee and sentenced to two years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

IU suspends Latham indefinitely

BYLINE: Mike Miller, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 669 words


Sept. 30--Indiana announced Tuesday evening that junior defensive tackle Darius
Latham has been suspended from the football program.

Latham will be held out indefinitely pending the resolution of a proceeding with
IU's Office of Student Ethics. In a two-sentence statement, the athletic
department said it will have no further comment "until the proceeding is
concluded."

This marks the second suspension this season for Latham, one of the top
defensive players on Indiana's 4-0 football team. The Indianapolis North Central
product was one of nine players suspended for undisclosed reasons during the
Hoosiers' season opener on Sept. 5.

According to its website, the Office of Student Ethics typically handles reports
of academic misconduct, personal misconduct or sexual assault/misconduct.

Latham, a former four-star recruit, has provided a major boost to Indiana's
defensive line during his two-plus seasons in the program. He originally
committed to Wisconsin, before flipping to join IU's heralded 2013 recruiting
class, which focused on bringing some of the top in-state talent to Bloomington.
Latham was one of three local four-star prospects to sign with IU during that
cycle, joining Ben Davis safety Antonio Allen and Pike linebacker David Kenney.

After taking a personal leave of absence prior to last season, Kenney
transferred to Illinois State. Allen was dismissed from the IU program in June
following his arrest on felony drug dealing charges, and later transferred to
Indiana State.

Latham provided an instant impact to IU's defensive line as a freshman in 2013,
finishing the season with two sacks, 22 tackles and earning an honorable mention
selection on BTN.com's All-Big Ten Freshman team. He finished with 26 tackles
and 5.5 tackles for loss as a sophomore and, after serving his one-game
suspension in the opener, started his junior season with strong momentum.

He recorded a career-high three tackles for loss, one sack and five total
tackles in Saturday's win at Wake Forest. That performance followed another
solid effort two weeks ago, when he recorded a sack and one pass breakup in the
win over Florida International.

"From the standpoint of understanding the rigors of college football, he's
gotten a lot more mentally tougher from that standpoint that he doesn't allow
little things to affect him like he did when he was younger," defensive line
coach Larry McDaniel said Tuesday, prior to the announcement of Latham's
suspension. "I think his maturity level has increased, which has translated in
how he's played on the field."

Off the field, Indiana has stayed relatively out of trouble during Kevin
Wilson's five years as head coach, but a recent spate of incidents have changed
that perception.

In April, defensive lineman Ralph Green III was initially charged with
misdemeanor battery, public intoxication and disorderly conduct. In July, he was
sentenced to 50 hours of community service and one year of probation. The
battery and public intoxication charges were dropped in favor of a guilty plea
for the charge of disorderly conduct for unreasonable noise. A month later,
receiver Isaac Griffith was arrested on OWI charges. Court records indicate that
case is still pending.

Following Allen's arrest on drug charges, the suspension of the nine players for
the Southern Illinois game raised further questions about athlete behavior.
Wilson said after that Sept. 5 contest that suspensions were levied for a
variety of reasons, including missed classes and other incidents that ran afoul
of team standards.

"We have to tighten that group and they will take care of each other," Wilson
said. "We're humans and we can mess up and in this day and age, so many things
can happen. A lot of good things in that group and I have a lot of respect for
the way they handle their business and I think they are going to have a great
year."

___ (c)2015 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150930-BM-IU-suspends-Latham-indefinitely-0930-20150930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2015 Herald-Times


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            March 29, 2012 Thursday

Four more school districts provide teacher misconduct records

BYLINE: Wendy Leung, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 718 words


Editor's note: See how your local school district responded
Issue your response: Tweet with hashtag#IEsafeschools

Four school districts have provided public records on complaints of teacher
misconduct to the Inland Valley Daily Bulletin, The Sun and the Redlands Daily
Facts, following a request made in February.

Redlands, Banning, San Bernardino City and Chino Valley unified school districts
sent lists of teacher complaints dating back to the 2006-07 school year. Chino
Valley Unified School District also provided reports sent to the California
Commission on Teacher Credentialing about inappropriate behavior by past
teachers.

The newspapers made the Public Records Act request in light of news surrounding
Miramonte School, where teachers have been accused of sexually abusing students.
Parents at the South Los Angeles school have been critical of the Los Angeles
Unified School District for not being transparent about the scandal.

On Feb. 28 and 29, the newspapers requested district policy on teacher
misconduct, the number of complaints surrounding misconduct in the past five
years, and reports sent to the state commission requesting revocation of teacher
credential. The query was mailed to 19 districts in the Inland Empire.

Four districts -- Redlands, Banning, San Bernardino and Chino Valley --
requested an extension in order to prepare the records, which were received this
week.

Since the 2006-07 school year, there were four complaints of teacher misconduct
at Redlands Unified, eight complaints at Banning Unified, 72 complaints at San
Bernardino City Unified and 39 complaints at Chino Valley.

According to San Bernardino City Unified, the 72 complaints concern conduct that
range from calling students inappropriate names to discriminatory behavior.

In response to the request for reports to the state commission, Redlands
Unified, Banning Unified and San Bernardino City Unified pointed out that
districts do not request revocation but rather send reports when there's a
change in teacher employment due to misconduct or alleged misconduct.

Chino Valley Unified provided 10 redacted copies of such reports, which detailed
an inappropriate relationship with a student, lewd or lascivious acts with a
student and inappropriate emails sent to a student.

Earlier this month, Central and Rialto Unified school districts provided a list
of complaints.

Alta Loma, Mountain View and Yucaipa-Calimesa Unified school districts reported
no complaints during the five-year period, while Bonita Unified School District
reported one complaint that is still under investigation.

Nine other districts asked clarification for what the newspapers meant by "
misconduct" and "complaint." The districts also noted that they have no records
listing the number of complaints and weren't required by law to create such a
record.

This week, Ontario-Montclair School District reiterated that it does not keep
statistical record of complaints. However, the district provided seven redacted
reports sent to the state commission on misconduct ranging from immoral conduct
to sex offense.

The newspapers sent a second public records request on March 21 and 23 to 13
school districts asking for copies of complaints and records of any actions
taken as a result of teacher misconduct. The query specifically asks for
complaints of misconduct as defined by the state Education Code as immoral or
unprofessional behavior. Districts have until April 4 or 6 to respond.

Five districts - Pomona Unified, Colton Joint Unified, Chaffey Joint Union,
Upland Unified and Cucamonga - indicated they will provide all documents related
to the most recent records request by mid-April.

Central and Claremont Unified school districts reported no documented complaints
of immoral or unprofessional teacher behavior in the last five years.

In nearly identical letters, Etiwanda and Ontario-Montclair school districts
stated that not all complaints are a public record. The districts cited past
legal cases in which disclosure of complaints are justified when they are
substantial in nature and well founded. The districts also stated that the
request for copies of complaints require an extensive search in personnel
records and require "a great deal of time and labor" to redact names in order to
protect the privacy of teachers.

Reach Wendy @RanchoNow.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 13, 1996, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

URBAN SPOTLIGHT;
Notes on cities;
Trust between people, police is necessary

BYLINE: Chet Fuller; URBAN AFFAIRS EDITOR

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 07A

LENGTH: 525 words


A disturbing trend is under way in Urban America. Police officers in several
major cities - through boorish, illegal and/or immoral behavior - are shooting
themselves and their departments in the foot.

And in the process, they are shooting holes in the delicate fabric of trust that
binds the police and the communities they serve.

Without that trust, all the beefed-up patrols and community policing tactics
dreamed up by crime watchers locally and in Washington are useless. Cities will
lose the ability to protect and serve their residents, which means cities will
decline and, eventually, die.

That is why authorities in Philadelphia, Atlanta and Boston, just to name a few,
have to gain control of their police departments and do what is necessary to
restore public confidence and trust.

The scandal of corruption has recently swept Atlanta and Philadelphia, with
officers in each city either pleading guilty to or being convicted of illegal
acts, ranging from protecting drug dealers to planting false evidence and lying
under oath.

In Philadelphia, more than 100 criminal convictions have been thrown out because
the cases were made by police officers who have pleaded guilty to corruption
charges.

In Atlanta, corruption cases and a controversial police shooting of an unarmed
man have left the department reeling. Morale is said to be low, and public
confidence in the department and its leaders seems to be waning.

In New York City, which has been savoring recent crime statistics indicating
that crime is decreasing in the city, it has been only a year since the police
department was under a nasty cloud because of the drunken, boorish behavior of
several officers during a gathering of law enforcement people in Washington.

In this climate of misconduct and the repercussions it generates, it is
difficult to understand the current, blatant flouting of the law by police
officers in Boston.

As of last week, officers were continuing to defy an edict by Mayor Thomas M.
Menino that they obey the city's parking regulations. According to The Boston
Globe, the city's traffic enforcement officers continued to ignore vehicles
obviously parked in violation of the city's laws, because they had "telltale
signs" that they belonged to police officers.

Those "signs" included Boston Police Patrolmen's Association stickers, caps
bearing the union logo or books of parking tickets stuck under the front
windshield.

Menino had ordered the practice to cease after reports in the Globe that
officers were breaking parking laws with the complicity of meter maids. The
mayor got numerous complaints from residents who demanded to know why police
officers could ignore laws that other citizens must obey.

"They think they're above the law, that's the trouble," one angry resident told
the Globe. "These people are abusing the authority we've given them," he said.
"How do you teach children to obey the law when you have authority figures
blatantly breaking it?"

That question needs to be answered in Atlanta, Philadelphia, New York and other
big cities as well.

- From staff, news services and published reports

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        November 30, 1995, Thursday, ONT

Police in Sault face allegations of misconduct and a cover-up

BYLINE: By Karl Sepkowski SPECIAL TO THE STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: SAULT STE. MARIE


   SAULT STE. MARIE - An Ottawa-Carleton police sergeant is investigating
allegations of misconduct and a cover-up in Sault Ste. Marie's police
department.

Chief Robert McEwen said the allegations concern an incident in August.

It's alleged there was serious misconduct and a subsequent cover-up of what
happened, McEwen said.

The chief said he made some preliminary inquiries and then decided to have an
officer from an outside department investigate.

Sergeant Derek Love of the Ottawa-Carleton Region police force's professional
standards branch has begun his investigation and expects to complete it within
five to six weeks, McEwen said.

The chief refused to specify the allegations or name the officers who are under
suspicion.

A source within the department said the allegations involve senior personnel and
are alcohol-related.

McEwen took over the 100-person department Oct. 1 on an interim basis after the
retirement of chief Barry King.

Mayor Joe Fratesi, a member of the police services board, said the allegations
came from several people.

They have "serious implications," the mayor said, adding: "It's important that
the truth be uncovered."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

WEB EXTRA: Man accused of sexual misconduct with 14-year-old

BYLINE: David A. Mann, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 289 words


Oct. 31--JEFFERSONVILLE -- A Louisville man was charged Monday in Clark County
with sexual misconduct with a 14-year-old female relative.

Jesse D. Wisdom, 35, is charged with two counts of class B felony sexual
misconduct with a minor; two counts of class C felony sexual misconduct with a
minor; two counts of class D felony child solicitation; and class D felony
dissemination of matter harmful to minors.

Wisdom, who was arrested Wednesday, is scheduled to appear in Clark County
Circuit Court today for an initial hearing.

According to a probable-cause affidavit, the girl told a Clarksville Police
Department detective earlier this month she had been having an ongoing
relationship with Wisdom since a family trip to Florida in June.

The girl said it started when Wisdom kissed her, and she pulled away, according
to the report. He then said he loved her and wanted to be with her. After the
trip, he allegedly started making sexual comments.

Wisdom was reportedly arrested in Florida for a probation violation, and when he
was released, he began meeting the girl again. She said that Wisdom tried
several times to talk her into having sex with him, but she refused. She told
police that he fondled her and touched her private areas.

According to the report, Wisdom admitted to police he send nude full-body shots
of himself to the girl's cell phone and admitted he would hold the girl's hand
but meant nothing by it. When police asked why he sent fully nude photos of
himself to the 14-year-old victim, he said he was just trying to be "cool."

___ (c)2011 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111031-JB-WEB-EXTRA-Man-accused-of-sexual-misconduct
-with-14-year-old-1031-20111031

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2011 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 27, 2009 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Seven RNC lawsuits filed against police;
Litigation over claims of police misconduct during the Republican National
Convention could last for years, legal experts say.

BYLINE: RANDY FURST, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 532 words


Six months have elapsed since the Republican National Convention, but the
fallout from it may linger deep into the next decade, at least as far as legal
action is concerned.

Seven lawsuits alleging police misconduct were filed by protesters in U.S.
District Court in St. Paul on Thursday in what appears to be the first salvo of
litigation.

The American Civil Liberties Union of Minnesota is preparing suits for 21
clients and conducting internal discussions about broader litigation. Lawyers
for the Minnesota chapter of the National Lawyers Guild anticipate at least 100
more people will be suing.

"I think there will be a lot of suits," said Joe Daly, a law professor at
Hamline University. He said possible federal violations of protesters' rights
could be at the core of the suits. "I think it will be a long, drawn-out
battle," he said.

A class-action suit in New York City alleging police misconduct at the 2004 RNC
remains unresolved, an indicator of what may face St. Paul, Ramsey County and
Minneapolis. Rachel Bengston, vice president of the Lawyers Guild in Minnesota,
said local litigation could take five to 10 years.

There were four days of protests and confrontations with police and 800 arrests.
Ted Dooley, a St. Paul attorney who filed the seven suits Thursday, accused
public officials of putting an "occupying army" on the streets during the Sept.
1-4 RNC, engaging in "a conspiracy to undermine the First Amendment rights to
assemble and petition the government."

Told of Dooley's remarks, Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher said, "Mr. Dooley's
comments are ridiculous. The tenor of the law enforcement actions was dictated
by the behavior of the anarchists on day one of the convention." He said
authorities had to respond to 500 anarchists who turned up to shut down the RNC.

Among Dooley's clients who filed suit is Michael Whalen, whose duplex was
surrounded by St. Paul police on Aug. 30. He and some guests were held for
several hours while police entered one side of the duplex, knocked down the door
to get into the other side and tore heavy boxes that authorities thought might
contain weapons, the suit alleged. The boxes held pamphlets promoting a vegan
diet. Whalen was never charged, and no arrests were made. The suit says police
had a warrant for the wrong side of the duplex and claimed Whalen had fled the
house, which he had not.

Another suit alleges that Michelle Gross, a local activist, was strip-searched
by a Ramsey County sheriff's deputy during a raid on a St. Paul building where
anarchists were meeting on Aug. 29. The suit alleges that a female deputy, in
the presence of men, reached under Gross' clothes and touched her under her bra.
Fletcher said Thursday that Gross never filed a complaint and it was the first
he'd heard of the incident.

Another suit by Dooley alleges that Mick Kelly, a protest leader, was struck by
a projectile fired by police at a Sept. 4 protest, bruising his stomach.

St. Paul City Attorney John Choi said Thursday that he'd not yet reviewed the
seven suits. If they involve St. Paul police, he said, they'll be forwarded to
an insurance firm retained for claims under a $10 million insurance policy.

Randy Furst - 612-673-7382

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   November 14, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Drill sergeant jailed over sex

BYLINE: REUTER; AP

SECTION: NEWS; NEWSLINE; Pg. B1 / BREAK

LENGTH: 146 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY, Mo.


A drill sergeant was discharged and sentenced to confinement yesterday after
admitting to having sex with three female recruits in the latest sexual-
misconduct scandal to rock the U.S. military.

Staff Sgt. Loren Taylor was given a bad-conduct discharge by a military judge at
the Fort Leonard Wood Army base in Missouri. Taylor was also ordered confined
for five months at Fort Sill, Okla., and was demoted to private after he pleaded
guilty to seven charges of misconduct, a court official said.

In addition to admitting to consensual sex with recruits, Taylor said he tried
to have sex with a fourth recruit and admitted to having improper contact with
another.

Army regulations forbid sexual relationships between commanders and
subordinates.

In exchange for his guilty plea, prosecutors agreed to drop charges of
obstruction of justice and perjury.


LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                             April 16, 2006 Sunday

Penguins 4, Phantoms 3

SECTION: C; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 281 words


Philadelphi 1110-3
a
Penguins    3001-4

First period-1, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Dixon 12 (Corupe, Kelleher), 2:55. 2,
Philadelphia, Kelly 14 (Printz, Ruzicka), 7:04. 3, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton,
Carcillo 11 (Lannon) (sh), 9:23. 4, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Filewich 22
(Lefebvre, Taticek), 11:12. Penalties-Grant, Phl, major (fighting),
4:27;Bissonnette, WBS, major (fighting), 4:27;Stone, WBS (interference),
8:31;Fata, WBS (tripping), 11:43;Kavanagh, Phl (high-sticking), 17:12.

Second period-5, Philadelphia, Kelly 15 (Ruzicka, Kavanagh), 8:39.
Penalties-Picard, Phl, double minor-misconduct (high-sticking, roughing),
10:00;Eager, Phl, major-misconduct (fighting), 10:00;Carcillo, WBS, minor-
misconduct (roughing), 10:00;Talbot, WBS, major (fighting), 10:00;Grant, Phl,
major (fighting), 12:52;Bonvie, WBS, major (fighting), 12:52;Kelly, Phl
(hooking), 16:33.

Third period-6, Philadelphia, Kelly 16 (Cavosie), 19:42. Penalties-Kolanos, WBS
(boarding), 0:27;Hussey, WBS (holding), 7:32;Eager, Phl, major (fighting),
9:22;Carcillo, WBS, major (fighting), 9:22;Christensen, WBS (high-sticking),
11:41;Picard, Phl (holding), 15:24;Bench minor, WBS (too many men on the ice),
16:36.

Overtime-7, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Kolanos 20 (Fata, Talbot), 3:04.
Penalties-Eager, Phl, minor-misconduct (cross-checking), 3:04;Bonvie, WBS (
misconduct), 3:04;Carcillo, WBS (misconduct), 3:04.

Shots on goal-Philadelphia 12-12-17-041. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 10-5-3-2 20.

Power-play opportunities-Philadelphia 0 of 6 Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 0 of 4.

Goalies-Philadelphia, Beauchemin 3-8-1 (20 shots-16 saves).
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Sabourin 30-14-4 (41-38).

A-8,320.

Referee-David Banfield. Linesmen-Aaron Lundbohm, Scott Pomento.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 25, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

More Than Ever, We Need to Monitor Police

SECTION: Section A;  Page 28;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 252 words


To the Editor:

Your May 22 news article on the deafening silence of information on New York
City police officer misconduct in Washington powerfully evokes the most famous
quote of Cicero, "How long, O Cataline, will you continue to abuse our
patience?"

The patience of the public has been stretched thin: the 30th Precinct scandal,
then the 48th Precinct debacle and now the alleged misconduct in Washington.

Calls by the Police Commissioner for raising the age of entry to the service to
22, expanding the Police Cadet Program and requiring an associate's degree are
necessary. Hesitancy by the Giuliani administration to appoint an independent
police commission, however, is an opportunity calling out to be grasped.

If there was a permanent independent police commission, as recommended by the
Mollen Commission, with subpoena powers and a "hot line" guaranteeing anonymity,
there would be real progress in this investigation.

Police officers hesitate to come forward because they think that if they blow
the whistle, their names would become known and their careers would be
threatened. Only with an independent police commission is there a chance of
anonymity of sources and thorough investigation.

Is our patience sufficiently abused to call for the creation of an independent
police commission to investigate misconduct and have the police commission in
place to deter its recurrence?

GERALD W. LYNCH
President, John Jay College
of Criminal Justice, CUNY
New York, May 22, 1995

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Guam Archbishop Removes Priest After Sexual Misconduct Allegations

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Growing public concern over Rev. John Wadeson's past prompted Archbishop Anthony
Apuron to remove Wadeson from active and public ministry.

Apuron announced Wadeson's removal in a short, two-sentence statement released
yesterday.

"In response to concerns in the community regarding Father John Wadeson serving
in the Archdiocese of Agana, the Archbishop has decided to remove Father Wadeson
from active and public ministry at this time. The Archdiocese of Agana has a
policy regarding sexual misconduct and sexual harassment and takes these matters
very seriously," the statement said.

Wadeson was accused of molesting two children in California between the years
1973 and 1977. The allegations were deemed credible by the Archdiocese of Los
Angeles and Wadeson was prohibited from ministering in the Los Angeles area.

Since 2000, however, Wadeson has been working in some capacity under the
Archdiocese of Agana. A 2013 Archdiocese of Agana directory lists Wadeson as one
of four "incardinated priests" away from the archdiocese.

Wadeson's past was recently made public in a statement released on July 18, by
the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests. "We are shocked to learn that
a priest from Los Angeles - accused twice of molesting children - now works as a
priest on Guam," SNAP members wrote. "We strongly urge Guam Catholic officials
to oust him."

Unclear

It is unclear from Apuron's statement if Wadeson's removal means he will
continue in any capacity at the Neocatechumenal Center in San Francisco, which
is where Wadeson is working, according to the local Archdiocese's directory.
Calls to the archdiocese had not been returned for clarification.

According to the archdiocese's policy on sexual misconduct and sexual
harassment, selection of candidates for the archdiocese, including employees and
volunteers, must include background checks and other standard means of assessing
a person's potential for sexual misconduct.

The policy also states that upon learning of suspected sexual misconduct, the
archbishop is required to promptly verify the report, notify a sexual abuse
coordinator, launch an investigation headed by an archdiocesan investigator and
direct the accused person not to have contact with the complainant.

If the archbishop determines that sexual misconduct has occurred, the archbishop
may place the priest on leave, direct him to therapeutic treatment or
evaluation, restrict his ministry or activities or seek or impose appropriate
canonical measures or penalties.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Guam Archbishop Removes Priest After Sexual Misconduct Allegations

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Growing public concern over Rev. John Wadeson's past prompted Archbishop Anthony
Apuron to remove Wadeson from active and public ministry.

Apuron announced Wadeson's removal in a short, two-sentence statement released
yesterday.

"In response to concerns in the community regarding Father John Wadeson serving
in the Archdiocese of Agana, the Archbishop has decided to remove Father Wadeson
from active and public ministry at this time. The Archdiocese of Agana has a
policy regarding sexual misconduct and sexual harassment and takes these matters
very seriously," the statement said.

Wadeson was accused of molesting two children in California between the years
1973 and 1977. The allegations were deemed credible by the Archdiocese of Los
Angeles and Wadeson was prohibited from ministering in the Los Angeles area.

Since 2000, however, Wadeson has been working in some capacity under the
Archdiocese of Agana. A 2013 Archdiocese of Agana directory lists Wadeson as one
of four "incardinated priests" away from the archdiocese.

Wadeson's past was recently made public in a statement released on July 18, by
the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests. "We are shocked to learn that
a priest from Los Angeles - accused twice of molesting children - now works as a
priest on Guam," SNAP members wrote. "We strongly urge Guam Catholic officials
to oust him."

Unclear

It is unclear from Apuron's statement if Wadeson's removal means he will
continue in any capacity at the Neocatechumenal Center in San Francisco, which
is where Wadeson is working, according to the local Archdiocese's directory.
Calls to the archdiocese had not been returned for clarification.

According to the archdiocese's policy on sexual misconduct and sexual
harassment, selection of candidates for the archdiocese, including employees and
volunteers, must include background checks and other standard means of assessing
a person's potential for sexual misconduct.

The policy also states that upon learning of suspected sexual misconduct, the
archbishop is required to promptly verify the report, notify a sexual abuse
coordinator, launch an investigation headed by an archdiocesan investigator and
direct the accused person not to have contact with the complainant.

If the archbishop determines that sexual misconduct has occurred, the archbishop
may place the priest on leave, direct him to therapeutic treatment or
evaluation, restrict his ministry or activities or seek or impose appropriate
canonical measures or penalties.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                               May 8, 2016 Sunday

Pittsburg police chief hid officer misconduct files from judge, defense
attorneys, former cop says

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni, mgafni@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Eastern Contra Costa; Alameda; Crime; Contra Costa;
News; Local

LENGTH: 838 words


PITTSBURG -- Police Chief Brian Addington ordered his staff in 2014 to hide
internal misconduct reports involving two officers who had a history of beating
suspects with flashlights despite court orders from the Contra Costa Public
Defender's Office and judges to share them, according to a wrongful termination
claim filed by a former high-ranking Pittsburg police officer.

That refusal could lead to perjury or obstruction of justice charges, said
attorney Dan Horowitz, who represents former police Lt. Wade Derby. The 28-year
veteran filed a $100 million, 32-page claim on March 21 alleging almost three
decades of police corruption in the East Contra Costa city. The allegations
include cops shooting up anabolic steroids, sleeping with prostitutes, fudging
crime stats and beating suspects.

Derby, 50, who now works for a law enforcement agency in Sacramento, said in the
claim he spent his career holding fellow officers accountable and paid the
price, getting ostracized until he was pushed to retire in January.

Derby said in the claim one of the final straws in his Pittsburg tenure came
when he told the chief face-to-face and in memos that suppressing documents in
the officer-conduct probes was "fraud."

"Chief Addington instructed his staff to NOT disclose this material and to
misrepresent the state of the file to the court," Derby alleged in his claim.
"Criminal cases went forward with the evidence of the gross criminality of the
officers covered up."

Derby declined to comment for this story.

Derby's claim alleges that the misconduct reports should have been turned over
in response to Pitchess motions by the county Public Defender's Office in
criminal cases that were investigated by Pittsburg police. Such motions are
common legal requests for officer misconduct lodged by defense attorneys in
criminal cases, and police departments frequently share such misconduct
documentation with judges who determine whether the material is applicable to
the specific trial.

The Pittsburg city manager, a lawyer who is contracted as the city attorney, the
records chief and Addington all declined to comment on the specific allegations,
citing "anticipated litigation."

"All of our internal affairs investigations are conducted in accordance with the
Police Officer Bill of Rights and established protocol," Addington said in an
email. "We understand the important role of a Pitchess motion during a criminal
proceeding, and we follow all legal requirements. We work in concert with our
City Attorney's Office to ensure that every Pitchess motion we receive is
handled properly."

Horowitz said a representative with the Pittsburg City Attorney's Office
"wrongly advised that these materials could be withheld."

The hidden reports stem from beating cases in 2014, Horowitz said. Fellow
officers turned in two colleagues after they were seen beating minority suspects
with their flashlights, Horowitz said. The pair even discussed the beatings
through messages found on the department's internal message system, mentioning
how they were going to have a "flashlight party," Horowitz said.

The department launched an internal affairs probe and parallel criminal
investigation, even formalizing the process by issuing a criminal case number,
according to the claim. However, Derby alleged that Chief Addington made an
agreement with the officers to resign and "all will be forgotten."

Despite leaving the department under a cloud, the two officers were witnesses
for cases they investigated while on duty. Derby learned the Public Defender's
Office had filed Pitchess motions for records involving those officers as early
as May 2014, according to the claim. On March 3, 2015, Derby sent a memo,
obtained by this newspaper, to Addington in which he expressed concern that the
department failed to disclose material facts involving the two officers in two
motions.

"I am very concerned because I do not want to have this come back on our
organization or me that something improper took place here," Derby wrote.

On Sept., 15, 2015, Derby wrote another memo to Addington volunteering to take
the documents to a judge, following a Pitchess motion in a murder case that one
of the officers helped investigate.

"If we do not disclose this information, we will likely compromise or have a
criminal conviction on a domestic violence homicide case overturned," Derby
wrote, adding the department was opening itself to civil liability and "possible
criminal culpability."

Finally, on Oct. 16, Derby took the initiative and went with the records chief
and a city attorney representative to turn over discovery for one of the
officers, court records show. The officer exercised his Fifth Amendment right to
not answer questions in the trial to avoid self incrimination, according to
court records.

Why hide the records?

"It protects the department's reputation and shields the department from civil
liability in lawsuits," Horowitz said. "It saves the department a lot of money."

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pittsburg Police Chief Aaron Baker, left, swears in Pittsburg Police
Capt. Brian Addington as the new Police Chief during a swearing in ceremony at
the California Theatre in Pittsburg, Calif., on Friday, Dec. 21, 2012. Addington
joined the department in 1994. Kelly Addington, left, wife of the new chief,
would later pin his badge during the ceremony. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             January 1, 2007 Monday

Judge to rule on legality of open police hearings;
BERKELEY: Responding publicly to misconduct complaints violates right to officer
privacy, attorney argues

BYLINE: Thomas Peele, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 811 words


An Alameda County judge is expected to rule no later than the middle of February
on whether Berkeley's Police Review Commission can continue to hold public
hearings on allegations of officer misconduct, a process that provides a rare
glimpse into how the government investigates abuse accusations.

The Berkeley commission and a similar body in Oakland stopped public hearings
after the state Supreme Court ruled in August that officer disciplinary records
are confidential, even when a government entity other than a police department
possesses them.

The San Francisco and Los Angeles police departments also halted public hearings
of misconduct allegations.

In nearly all California cities, such investigations are conducted in private.
Police personnel records are not public under state law.

The August ruling reinvigorated the Berkeley Police Association's four-year
legal effort to close the commission's hearings to the public. In November, the
association's lawyer asked Judge Winifred Smith to rule that the Supreme Court
decision closed the matter.

Berkeley's city attorney argued that because the city manager and police chief
-- not the commission -- mete out discipline, the public hearings should
continue.

"They are two completely segregated systems. The commission does not have
disciplinary authority," said the city's attorney, Manuela Albuquerque. "The
process is very important to running our police department. It is a fact finder
in a public setting."

In court papers, Alison Berry Wilkinson, attorney for the police union, said the
Supreme Court's decision means the review commission's records are subject to
the "confidentiality mandates" of state law.

"The reasoning extends to the misconduct investigation process at issue here,"
Wilkinson wrote in court papers. "Regardless of whether the investigation is
conducted by the police department or the Police Review Commission, it is being
conducted by the employing agency -- the city of Berkeley."

Wilkinson also represents the Oakland Police Association in its Supreme Court
appeal of two lower court rulings won by the Times that individual police
salaries are public records. Oral arguments in that case are expected to be
scheduled in 2007.

The Supreme Court decision "clarifies and strengthens" state laws passed to
protect police by making their records confidential, Wilkinson said.

Berkeley's argument that the review commission is separate from the disciplinary
process "is flawed," she said, because the chief and city manager can weigh the
commission's findings in making disciplinary decisions.

The board of directors of the California Newspaper Publishers Association has
approved seeking a member of the legislature to author a bill that would make
public records of misconduct allegations that are sustained, said Tom Newton,
the association's general counsel.

Such a fight would be "uphill sledding," against powerful law enforcement unions
that have "gotten laws on the books that have been interpreted so narrowly by
the courts," Newton said. He declined to identify potential bill authors.

"The public has an overriding interest in (access to) confirmed incidents of
misconduct," Newton said. "We hope we can convince the legislature of that."

Berkeley's commission has conducted open reviews of complaints for 33 years.
Albuquerque said the process creates accountability for the department and the
city because officers know their conduct can be publicly reviewed.

"There is a constant feedback loop," she said. A ruling that the commission
cannot continue open meetings would mean that "you can't ask any questions in
public about what your police department is doing."

A former commission member said the public should be clamoring for reform.

"There has been a very real impact on public knowledge about what is going on in
police departments," said Mark Schlosberg, a former Berkeley commission member
who is police practices policy director for the American Civil Liberties Union
Northern California office.

"How can the public otherwise have confidence?" he said. "This is about public
access to information from independent investigations."

The August Supreme Court ruling involved a San Diego County sheriff's deputy who
was fired after failing to make an arrest in a domestic violence case that
involved an assault. The deputy appealed to the county Civil Service Commission,
but eventually agreed to resign in exchange for the most serious charges being
dropped.

The San Diego Union Tribune sought documents detailing the incident and the
officer's identity. It lost in Superior Court, but won an appeal. The Supreme
Court then took the case, ruling that even though the commission did not employ
the deputy, restrictions on access to records in the deputy's personnel file
extended to other government agencies, setting up the legal showdown between
Berkeley and its police union.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                               May 8, 2016 Sunday

East Bay police chief hid officer misconduct files from judge, defense
attorneys, former cop says

BYLINE: By Matthias Gafni, mgafni@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News

LENGTH: 838 words


PITTSBURG -- Police Chief Brian Addington ordered his staff in 2014 to hide
internal misconduct reports involving two officers who had a history of beating
suspects with flashlights despite court orders from the Contra Costa Public
Defender's Office and judges to share them, according to a wrongful termination
claim filed by a former high-ranking Pittsburg police officer.

That refusal could lead to perjury or obstruction of justice charges, said
attorney Dan Horowitz, who represents former police Lt. Wade Derby. The 28-year
veteran filed a $100 million, 32-page claim on March 21 alleging almost three
decades of police corruption in the East Contra Costa city. The allegations
include cops shooting up anabolic steroids, sleeping with prostitutes, fudging
crime stats and beating suspects.

Derby, 50, who now works for a law enforcement agency in Sacramento, said in the
claim he spent his career holding fellow officers accountable and paid the
price, getting ostracized until he was pushed to retire in January.

Derby said in the claim one of the final straws in his Pittsburg tenure came
when he told the chief face-to-face and in memos that suppressing documents in
the officer-conduct probes was "fraud."

"Chief Addington instructed his staff to NOT disclose this material and to
misrepresent the state of the file to the court," Derby alleged in his claim.
"Criminal cases went forward with the evidence of the gross criminality of the
officers covered up."

Derby declined to comment for this story.

Derby's claim alleges that the misconduct reports should have been turned over
in response to Pitchess motions by the county Public Defender's Office in
criminal cases that were investigated by Pittsburg police. Such motions are
common legal requests for officer misconduct lodged by defense attorneys in
criminal cases, and police departments frequently share such misconduct
documentation with judges who determine whether the material is applicable to
the specific trial.

The Pittsburg city manager, a lawyer who is contracted as the city attorney, the
records chief and Addington all declined to comment on the specific allegations,
citing "anticipated litigation."

"All of our internal affairs investigations are conducted in accordance with the
Police Officer Bill of Rights and established protocol," Addington said in an
email. "We understand the important role of a Pitchess motion during a criminal
proceeding, and we follow all legal requirements. We work in concert with our
City Attorney's Office to ensure that every Pitchess motion we receive is
handled properly."

Horowitz said a representative with the Pittsburg City Attorney's Office
"wrongly advised that these materials could be withheld."

The hidden reports stem from beating cases in 2014, Horowitz said. Fellow
officers turned in two colleagues after they were seen beating minority suspects
with their flashlights, Horowitz said. The pair even discussed the beatings
through messages found on the department's internal message system, mentioning
how they were going to have a "flashlight party," Horowitz said.

The department launched an internal affairs probe and parallel criminal
investigation, even formalizing the process by issuing a criminal case number,
according to the claim. However, Derby alleged that Chief Addington made an
agreement with the officers to resign and "all will be forgotten."

Despite leaving the department under a cloud, the two officers were witnesses
for cases they investigated while on duty. Derby learned the Public Defender's
Office had filed Pitchess motions for records involving those officers as early
as May 2014, according to the claim. On March 3, 2015, Derby sent a memo,
obtained by this newspaper, to Addington in which he expressed concern that the
department failed to disclose material facts involving the two officers in two
motions.

"I am very concerned because I do not want to have this come back on our
organization or me that something improper took place here," Derby wrote.

On Sept., 15, 2015, Derby wrote another memo to Addington volunteering to take
the documents to a judge, following a Pitchess motion in a murder case that one
of the officers helped investigate.

"If we do not disclose this information, we will likely compromise or have a
criminal conviction on a domestic violence homicide case overturned," Derby
wrote, adding the department was opening itself to civil liability and "possible
criminal culpability."

Finally, on Oct. 16, Derby took the initiative and went with the records chief
and a city attorney representative to turn over discovery for one of the
officers, court records show. The officer exercised his Fifth Amendment right to
not answer questions in the trial to avoid self incrimination, according to
court records.

Why hide the records?

"It protects the department's reputation and shields the department from civil
liability in lawsuits," Horowitz said. "It saves the department a lot of money."

Contact Matthias Gafni at 925-952-5026. Follow him at Twitter.com/mgafni .

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pittsburg Police Chief Aaron Baker, left, swears in Pittsburg Police
Capt. Brian Addington as the new Police Chief during a swearing in ceremony at
the California Theatre in Pittsburg, Calif., on Friday, Dec. 21, 2012. Addington
joined the department in 1994. Kelly Addington, left, wife of the new chief,
would later pin his badge during the ceremony. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 18, 2016 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 538 words

California

Confusion spurs party registration mix-up

A survey found that tens of thousands of voters, including Demi Moore and other
celebrities, have mistakenly registered as members of a conservative minor
political party in California in a mix-up over its name, the Los Angeles Times
reported Sunday.

The newspaper said that a telephone survey of 500 members of the American
Independent Party found that nearly 3 of 4 people did not realize they had
enrolled in a political party that opposes abortion rights and same-sex marriage
and calls for building a fence along the U.S.-Mexico border.

The newspaper said voters were confused by the use of the word "independent" in
the party's name. In California, voters who do not want to register with any
party must check a box on a registration form for "no party preference."

- Associated Press

Pennsylvania

State enacts law for medical marijuana use

Pennsylvania has become the 24th state to legalize a comprehensive medical
marijuana program.

Gov. Tom Wolf (D) signed the bill into law Sunday afternoon surrounded by a
jubilant crowd of supporters at the Capitol building in Harrisburg.

"Marijuana is medicine, and it's coming to Pennsylvania," said state Sen. Daylin
Leach (D), the bill's co-sponsor.

The bill's drafters said it could take two years to write regulations and open
retail outlets, but a provision allows parents to legally administer medical
marijuana to their children before the legislation takes effect in a month.

- Associated Press

NEw Hampshire

Prep school to look at handling of allegations

Top officials of an elite New Hampshire prep school dealing with a flurry of
sexual abuse allegations hired several law firms to examine the school's
handling of misconduct allegations leveled at faculty members.

In a letter to parents and alumni, the principal and top trustee of Phillips
Exeter Academy said the school is committed to a "thorough review" of its
handling of allegations against former teacher Rick Schubart, who was forced to
resign after admitting to sexual misconduct in 2011. He was barred from campus
after a second allegation surfaced in 2015. The misconduct occurred during the
1970s and 1980s.

Schubart has not answered or returned repeated calls to his home seeking
comment.

Principal Lisa MacFarlane said one law firm will investigate allegations that
have surfaced since March of this year, when Schubert's misconduct was first
publicized. Another will review the school's procedures for handling sexual
misconduct complaints.

The school said last week that another teacher had been fired for having sexual
encounters with a student decades ago.

- Associated Press

3 killed in Philadelphia:  Three people were killed by shotgun blasts to their
heads at a home in Philadelphia, and a man was arrested there after a  standoff.
Police responded Sunday morning to a report of a shooting at the home. A man
refused to open the door, saying that he had a shotgun, that he had shot someone
and that he wasn't coming out, authorities said. The man fired several shots
from inside the house at SWAT officers as they were climbing onto the roof,
police said. A short time later, he walked out the front door and was taken into
custody, police said.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Training Offered on Awareness, Reporting and Prevention of Sexual Misconduct

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tuscaloosa: The University of Alabama has issued the following news release:



  The University of Alabama wants to ensure that all faculty, staff and graduate
assistants are trained to recognize sexual misconduct and report it to the
appropriate officials. In keeping with this goal, employees and graduate
assistants should understand their role in the reporting process and whether
they are considered a Responsible Reporting Official according to the Sexual
Misconduct Policy.





 A training module that focuses on recognizing sexual misconduct, how to receive
a report of sexual misconduct,  role in reporting and resources on campus is now
offered to faculty, staff and graduate assistants. The training module, Haven
for Faculty and Staff, is specifically directed at educational institutions and
will enable UA employees to better assist individuals in our campus community
who are impacted by sexual misconduct.



 Instructions for accessing Haven training can be found here. The module should
be completed by March 31.



 A list of questions about reporting are found here: Reporting Sexual Misconduct
FAQs.



 Other questions regarding the role of faculty, staff and graduate assistants in
addressing and preventing sexual misconduct should be directed to the Designated
Harassment Resource Person or the Title IX Coordinator at gbhoward@ua.edu or
348-5496.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com









LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2017 Saturday

Training Offered on Awareness, Reporting and Prevention of Sexual Misconduct

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tuscaloosa: The University of Alabama has issued the following news release:



  The University of Alabama wants to ensure that all faculty, staff and graduate
assistants are trained to recognize sexual misconduct and report it to the
appropriate officials. In keeping with this goal, employees and graduate
assistants should understand their role in the reporting process and whether
they are considered a Responsible Reporting Official according to the Sexual
Misconduct Policy.





 A training module that focuses on recognizing sexual misconduct, how to receive
a report of sexual misconduct,  role in reporting and resources on campus is now
offered to faculty, staff and graduate assistants. The training module, Haven
for Faculty and Staff, is specifically directed at educational institutions and
will enable UA employees to better assist individuals in our campus community
who are impacted by sexual misconduct.



 Instructions for accessing Haven training can be found here. The module should
be completed by March 31.



 A list of questions about reporting are found here: Reporting Sexual Misconduct
FAQs.



 Other questions regarding the role of faculty, staff and graduate assistants in
addressing and preventing sexual misconduct should be directed to the Designated
Harassment Resource Person or the Title IX Coordinator at gbhoward@ua.edu or
348-5496.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com









LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Nation briefs

BYLINE:  From news services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 447 words


Chicago poised to OK police settlements

Chicago taxpayers can expect to shell out $3.2 million to settle two more
lawsuits accusing police of misconduct in fatal shootings, one of which has a
link to the officer who now faces murder charges in the Laquan McDonald case.

In what's become a familiar routine, the City Council Finance Committee
recommended on Monday approval of the two settlements, adding to the tally of
more than $500 million in police misconduct payouts racked up since 2004.

Bus in fatal crash was short on seat belts - Officials investigating a charter
bus crash that killed eight people and injured 44 on a rain-slicked South Texas
highway on Saturday night said Monday that the vehicle had seat belts only in
the first row. Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Johnny Hernandez said the
remaining rows of seats had no lap belts. He said the bus was a 1998 model.

Radio transmission distracted Amtrak engineer - An Amtrak engineer whose
speeding train jumped the tracks along a curve in Philadelphia last year,
killing eight people, was distracted by radio transmissions, a U.S. official
briefed on the investigation said Monday. Engineer Brandon Bostian told
investigators three days after the May 12, 2015, crash that he recalled radio
traffic that night from a commuter train operator who said a rock had shattered
his windshield.

Protesters arrested in North Carolina - Nearly a dozen people were arrested in
North Carolina's Legislative Building during a second swell of demonstrations
led by civic and religious leaders opposing the state's law limiting protections
for LGBT people. Police arrested 11 protesters late Monday afternoon.

Cigarettes in California may soon cost $2 more -A campaign to raise California's
cigarette tax by $2 a pack said Monday it has collected enough signatures to
qualify the proposal for the Nov. 8 ballot and raise the prospect of a
pocketbook jolt for smokers in the nation's most populous state. Backers hope
the higher cost of cigarettes would discourage young people from smoking while
raising money for anti-smoking campaigns and research. The average cost of a
pack of cigarettes in California is now about $5.50.

Bison calf taken by tourists has to be euthanized - A bison calf that tourists
loaded into their vehicle at Yellowstone National Park because they were
concerned for its welfare could not be reunited with its herd and had to be
euthanized, park officials said Monday as they reasserted the importance of
avoiding wildlife.

The incident last week and several other recent cases led to fresh warnings that
park rules require visitors to stay at least 25 yards from all wildlife and 100
yards from bears and wolves.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DOCTORS DENIED LICENSES GET PRACTICES IN GEORGIA

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Physicians whose misconduct got them barred from practicing medicine in other
states have won permission to work in Georgia, a review by The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution has found.

The newspaper examined more than 500 licensing and disciplinary decisions
involving Georgia physicians. On nearly two dozen occasions, the board allowed
doctors cited for criminal offenses or other misconduct to practice in Georgia
even when boards elsewhere refused to license them.

Some of those doctors committed financial crimes or other transgressions that
likely would not directly harm patients. But others had inappropriate sexual
relations with patients or engaged in other serious misconduct.

Officials from the Georgia Composite Medical Board would not comment on specific
cases, citing state law that makes investigations and licensing applications
confidential. In general, they said doctors with checkered pasts are licensed
only if they no longer pose a threat to the public and are monitored.

"I can't go case by case, but I can give you a scenario," said Dr. David
Retterbush, the board's chairman and a Valdosta surgeon. "An individual will go
to treatment, have advocates who say, 'This person is rehabilitated. He can
practice if he does this, does that.'"

In one instance, the board allowed Dr. Armando Sanchez to practice medicine. He
pleaded no contest 12 years ago to solicitation of capital murder after he was
accused of trying to hire a hit man to kill a disgruntled patient in Houston.
The medical board in Texas revoked his license and refused to reconsider its
decision. The medical board in California did the same.

In Georgia, medical authorities were willing to give Sanchez another chance.

When the former chairman of the Texas Medical Board was told that Sanchez had
been licensed in Georgia, his first response was, "Wow."

The murder-for-hire plot "just smacked of somebody you wouldn't want to be your
doctor," said Dr. Lee Anderson, an ophthalmologist in Fort Worth, Texas.

Texas prosecutors accused Sanchez of arranging to pay a police officer $20,000
to kill a patient with whom he had a disagreement over a workers' compensation
claim. A former attorney for Sanchez, Ace Pickens, said he never intended to
arrange for a killing.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2014 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 29, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

Report Faults Cleveland Clinic in Long-Running Scientific-Misconduct Probe

Robin Herman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A5

LENGTH: 678 words


A long-running scientific-misconduct investigation that prompted acrimonious
public sparring last year between Rep. John D. Dingell (D-Mich.) and Bernadine
P. Healy, director of the National Institutes of Health, is coming to a close.

In its final report on the affair, the Public Health Service's Office of
Research Integrity (ORI) has found that Healy's previous employer, the Cleveland
Clinic Foundation, mishandled its investigation of allegations that a researcher
had falsified statements on a 1989 grant application to the NIH. Healy was head
of research at the Cleveland Clinic just before coming to the NIH in 1991 and
conducted the clinic's initial misconduct inquiry.

The ORI also found scientific misconduct by the researcher -- specifically, that
he wrote he had obtained data by using a certain amino acid probe when in fact
he had used a different probe. In its own investigation, the clinic had found
the scientist made misstatements but had not committed intentional fraud.

The ORI took over the Cleveland Clinic case from its predecessor agency, the
much-criticized and now defunct NIH Office of Scientific Integrity. The ORI
report does not single out Healy in its conclusions or recommendations, which
are directed at the Cleveland Clinic as an institution.

During a congressional hearing in August 1991 concerning other NIH misconduct
investigations, Healy had come under blistering attack by Dingell, chairman of
the House Energy and Commerce oversight and investigations subcommittee, for her
handling of the initial inquiry at the Cleveland Clinic.

Healy was adamant in defense of her role, noting that she had frozen the
researcher's $ 1.2 million grant until the matter was resolved, had initiated a
second inquiry after determining the first was inadequate and had properly
forwarded the matter to a Cleveland Clinic Commission of Investigation, which
found no proof of intentional misrepresentation.

The scientist named in Dingell's letter, Rameshwar Sharma, has left the clinic
and works at the Pennsylvania College of Optometry in Philadelphia. He expressed
surprise at the ORI finding but had no further comment yesterday.

The ORI has not released the final Cleveland Clinic report, which sources said
will be made public next month. But portions of the report were quoted by
Dingell in a recent letter to Michael McGinnis, ORI acting director.

According to that letter, which Dingell provided to The Washington Post, the ORI
report found that the Cleveland Clinic's first inquiry committee, headed by
Healy, "was hurried and superficial; the First Inquiry Committee lacked
competence, thoroughness, and objectivity." In addition, Dingell's letter said,
the report makes recommendations for revisions in the clinic's procedures.

Ralph Straffon, chief of staff at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, said the
clinic has received the ORI report and is acting on it. "This report has been
going on for two years and the conclusions have changed in various draft forms,"
he said. "We decided there isn't any further comment necessary. We accept the
report, and we will make the changes in our processes here."

Healy, who has recused herself from the Cleveland Clinic matter, declined
through a spokeswoman to comment on the ORI's report, which she has received.

In his letter to McGinnis, Dingell asked for more information on Healy's conduct
and asked if the clinic "may have attempted to obstruct the ORI investigation"
by delaying handing over tape recordings of interviews with the accused
scientist.

Dingell noted that the ORI had issued a draft report finding no misconduct,
allowing the scientist to transfer his grant to a new institution, but then came
to a finding of misconduct after hearing the tapes.

"It is readily apparent that the record of the Cleveland Clinic Foundation in
this matter is a sorry one," Dingell wrote. "Regrettably, the actions the ORI
proposes regarding the CCF and regarding the scientist found guilty of
misconduct do not seem adequate to assure that future problems will be avoided."

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 16, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

Addiction Relevant In Legal Misconduct;
D.C. Bar May Weigh Lawyer's Drug Use

Saundra Torry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C3

LENGTH: 556 words


The D.C. Court of Appeals ruled last week that a lawyer's addiction to
prescription drugs can be weighed as a mitigating factor when the attorney is
charged with misconduct under the lawyer discipline system.

The ruling by a three-judge panel of the court extends to another group of
lawyers the court's 1987 finding that alcoholism can be weighed when punishment
is imposed on lawyers for misconduct.

The court did not decide the hotly debated question of how the lawyer discipline
system should deal with misconduct by lawyers who are addicted to illegal drugs,
stating that this case did not raise that issue.

But the ruling made clear that alcoholism or addiction to legal drugs must be
considered if the lawyer proves that the addiction "substantially affected" his
conduct.

The D.C. Bar Counsel, which prosecutes lawyer discipline cases, argued that the
addiction must be the "sole cause" of the lawyer's misconduct -- a standard the
defense argued would be "virtually impossible to meet."

The ruling last Wednesday came in the case of D.C. solo practitioner William J.
Temple, who became addicted to prescription drugs while in law school in 1967
and continued to use a wide variety of legally obtained drugs for the next 20
years, according to the court ruling.

The D.C. Board on Professional Responsibility, which disciplines lawyers, found
that Temple violated 27 disciplinary rules, harming four clients through
negligence, misrepresentation and other misconduct in the mid-1980s, according
to the court's ruling.

In one case of misconduct, Temple failed to tell a client, who retained him at
his Arlington office in 1982, that he was not licensed to practice law in
Virginia. He advised her to skip Virginia court hearings and ignore a lawsuit
filed by her husband, but the husband -- whom she accused of child abuse -- won
a divorce providing her and her children no support.

Evidence was offered to show the husband's attorney had offered Temple a
settlement under which she would receive $ 2,000 a month, but Temple failed to
convey the offer, later withdrawn. Temple "claims that he has no recollection of
the offer," the court said.

Temple's attorney, Steven Tabackman, has argued that Temple's addiction
substantially affected his conduct and that, as in the case of alcoholism, this
should be taken into account in tempering his punishment. The board agreed, in
part, but said Temple had not proved addiction was the sole cause of his
misconduct. Last year, the board ordered him disbarred, and Temple appealed.

Last week, the appeals panel sent the case back to the board, ordering it to
look at Temple's current level of rehabilitation. Tabackman said that Temple has
been drug-free for about four years and that several D.C. Superior Court judges
have attested to the "quality of his practice." Temple will seek to continue
practicing under probation, where his work and conduct would be monitored,
Tabackman said.

Acting D.C. Bar Counsel Wallace "Gene" Shipp, whose office prosecutes discipline
cases, said the office doesn't oppose the court's extension of its alcoholism
finding to legal drugs. "But we'd have a grave concern about any extension to
illegally obtained drugs," Shipp said.

The three-judge panel was composed of Judges John M. Ferren, John A. Terry and
Annice McBryde Wagner.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Regional Digest

SECTION: HOMETOWNANNAPOLIS.CO; Region; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 296  words


Recruits rejected for misconduct

BALTIMORE - Maryland Transportation Authority Police say 10 recruits were
rejected on probation for academic misconduct.

Officials said yesterday that the misconduct did not involve members of the
academy staff or outside instructors and the integrity of grades, tests and
course materials was not affected. Because it is a personnel matter, officials
say they can't share more details of the misconduct.

Eight recruits were training for the authority police force and two were
training for the Maryland Transit Administration Police force. Officials say the
remaining 27 class members are continuing their training.

Tow truck hits tractor-trailer, kills 1

HAGERSTOWN - Maryland State Police say a woman was killed when a tow truck hit a
tractor-trailer she had been riding in and threw her into a guardrail.

It happened yesterday afternoon on Interstate 70 near the Frederick County line.

Troopers tell The Herald-Mail of Hagerstown that the driver of the
tractor-trailer pulled off to the side of the interstate because it was
overheating.

The victim, a co-driver, went outside the rig when a tow truck hit it, knocked
the tractor-trailer into her and threw her into the guardrail.

The crash is under investigation.

Carnival agrees to extension

BALTIMORE - Carnival Cruise Lines will continue to offer cruises year round from
the Port of Baltimore.

The line agreed to an extension, which was announced yesterday and is effective
Aug. 31, after the current two-year contract ends.

Maryland lotteries

Drawn Aug. 8 (night): Pick 3, 5-7-8; Pick 4, 5-5-7-5; Bonus Match 5,
11-13-18-19-24 Bonus Ball 23; Multi-Match, 03-04-10-11-22-42. The next
Multi-Match drawing will be worth an estimated $1.6 million.

Drawn Aug. 8 (afternoon): Pick 3, 2-5-8; Pick 4, 7-4-2-7.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Regional Digest

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 296  words


Recruits rejected for misconduct

BALTIMORE - Maryland Transportation Authority Police say 10 recruits were
rejected on probation for academic misconduct.

Officials said yesterday that the misconduct did not involve members of the
academy staff or outside instructors and the integrity of grades, tests and
course materials was not affected. Because it is a personnel matter, officials
say they can't share more details of the misconduct.

Eight recruits were training for the authority police force and two were
training for the Maryland Transit Administration Police force. Officials say the
remaining 27 class members are continuing their training.

Tow truck hits tractor-trailer, kills 1

HAGERSTOWN - Maryland State Police say a woman was killed when a tow truck hit a
tractor-trailer she had been riding in and threw her into a guardrail.

It happened yesterday afternoon on Interstate 70 near the Frederick County line.

Troopers tell The Herald-Mail of Hagerstown that the driver of the
tractor-trailer pulled off to the side of the interstate because it was
overheating.

The victim, a co-driver, went outside the rig when a tow truck hit it, knocked
the tractor-trailer into her and threw her into the guardrail.

The crash is under investigation.

Carnival agrees to extension

BALTIMORE - Carnival Cruise Lines will continue to offer cruises year round from
the Port of Baltimore.

The line agreed to an extension, which was announced yesterday and is effective
Aug. 31, after the current two-year contract ends.

Maryland lotteries

Drawn Aug. 8 (night): Pick 3, 5-7-8; Pick 4, 5-5-7-5; Bonus Match 5,
11-13-18-19-24 Bonus Ball 23; Multi-Match, 03-04-10-11-22-42. The next
Multi-Match drawing will be worth an estimated $1.6 million.

Drawn Aug. 8 (afternoon): Pick 3, 2-5-8; Pick 4, 7-4-2-7.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Regional Digest

SECTION: HOMETOWNANNAPOLIS.CO; Region; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 296  words


Recruits rejected for misconduct

BALTIMORE - Maryland Transportation Authority Police say 10 recruits were
rejected on probation for academic misconduct.

Officials said yesterday that the misconduct did not involve members of the
academy staff or outside instructors and the integrity of grades, tests and
course materials was not affected. Because it is a personnel matter, officials
say they can't share more details of the misconduct.

Eight recruits were training for the authority police force and two were
training for the Maryland Transit Administration Police force. Officials say the
remaining 27 class members are continuing their training.

Tow truck hits tractor-trailer, kills 1

HAGERSTOWN - Maryland State Police say a woman was killed when a tow truck hit a
tractor-trailer she had been riding in and threw her into a guardrail.

It happened yesterday afternoon on Interstate 70 near the Frederick County line.

Troopers tell The Herald-Mail of Hagerstown that the driver of the
tractor-trailer pulled off to the side of the interstate because it was
overheating.

The victim, a co-driver, went outside the rig when a tow truck hit it, knocked
the tractor-trailer into her and threw her into the guardrail.

The crash is under investigation.

Carnival agrees to extension

BALTIMORE - Carnival Cruise Lines will continue to offer cruises year round from
the Port of Baltimore.

The line agreed to an extension, which was announced yesterday and is effective
Aug. 31, after the current two-year contract ends.

Maryland lotteries

Drawn Aug. 8 (night): Pick 3, 5-7-8; Pick 4, 5-5-7-5; Bonus Match 5,
11-13-18-19-24 Bonus Ball 23; Multi-Match, 03-04-10-11-22-42. The next
Multi-Match drawing will be worth an estimated $1.6 million.

Drawn Aug. 8 (afternoon): Pick 3, 2-5-8; Pick 4, 7-4-2-7.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

League tweaks rules at meeting; Faceoffs, interference, penalty shots get look

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A59

LENGTH: 181  words


Boston Bruins owner Jeremy Jacobs is the new chairman of the NHL's board of
governors.

At a meeting in New York on Wednesday, the board also elected Tom Hicks of the
Dallas Stars as vice-chairman.

The board approved minor rule changes that will take effect in the 2007-08
season, including:

- All faceoffs must be conducted at one of the nine dots painted on the rink.
Previously, there were instances where it was up to a referee's discretion where
a faceoff would occur following a stoppage in play.

- Referees will be allowed assess a major penalty and a game misconduct when an
injury results from an act of interference. Previously, only a minor penalty
could be assessed.

- A player will be awarded a penalty shot if he is fouled on a clear breakaway
outside his defensive zone. Previously, a penalty shot was awarded only when a
player on a clear breakaway was fouled on the attacking side of the centre line.

- The term "gross misconduct" has been eliminated from the rule book. Any act
that would have been assessed a "gross misconduct" penalty will now be a "game
misconduct" penalty. --

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday

Misconduct charges against officer dropped

BYLINE: Chuck Rupnow, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


April 13--Charges have been dismissed against a former Jackson County Jail
officer accused of running improper criminal records checks, and the officer's
wrongful termination civil suit against the county also was dropped.

Jennifer L. (Plaza) Stanley, 34, of Onalaska was charged in Jackson County Court
in November with a felony count of misconduct in office and a misdemeanor count
of computer crime-accessing data without authorization.

Those charges were dismissed with prejudice Friday, meaning they may not be
refiled.

Stanley dropped her wrongful termination suit against the county. Her attorney,
John Matousek of Sparta, said the dismissal of the civil and criminal charges
was an agreement by both sides.

"She had a wrongful termination suit against the county and then this criminal
complaint came up," Matousek said. "Our position will always be that she did not
violate the law."

Stanley works in Tomah, but not with law enforcement, Matousek said.

"This is the end of it," Matousek said Tuesday. "If she had gotten her job back,
it would have been a strenuous position."

Jackson County assistant district attorney Melissa Inlow, who handled the
criminal case, could not be reached Tuesday for comment.

Stanley was released from Jackson County duties Oct. 4 for an "unrelated
reason," according to the criminal complaint. She was "unresponsive" and
"nonchalant" when told officials were aware she improperly ran a records check
of herself July 21.

According to the complaint:

A routine audit of criminal history checks conducted by the Sheriff's Department
revealed Stanley had run records checks of herself and a halfbrother from Wausau
on Aug. 23.

Misuse of the criminal history check procedure violates department policy as
well as state law, according to department officials, who said they could find
"no legal reason" for Stanley to have accessed her halfbrother's records.

Checking her own records was also a violation.

Rupnow can be reached at 715-830-5831, 800-236-7077 or chuck.rupnow@ecpc.com

To see more of The Leader-Telegram or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadertelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Leader-Telegram, Eau
Claire, Wis. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110413-EW-Misconduct-charges-against-officer-dropped-0413-20110413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2011 The Leader-Telegram


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         May 1, 1994 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Sex lawsuits force change in churches

BYLINE: Virginia Culver, Denver Post Religion Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 2051 words


Priests molested altar boys. Ministers seduced troubled women they were supposed
to counsel. Congregations were devastated. Credibility was destroyed.

But none of those tragedies, insurance executives say, woke up churches that
slumbered in the midst of sexual-misconduct scandals of the past decade.

They contend that money did.

Multimillion-dollar settlements and jury awards are forcing churches to tighten
their rules about who they put at the pulpit, top insurance officials say.

Insurers decline to give estimates of how much has been paid out, but some
speculate that Roman Catholic Church scandals alone have cost the church a
half-billion dollars in the past few years. Individual court judgments of $ 4
million, $ 6.2 million and $ 10.2 million have rocked dioceses across the
country. Those are among numerous recent awards that dwarf the then-landmark $
1.2 million judgment in 1991 against the Colorado Episcopal Diocese.

"They may make or break the institutional church," said the Rev. Marie Fortune,
who wrote a landmark book about sexual abuse involving clergy.

Every church governing body "is up to its eyeballs" in sexual misconduct
lawsuits, said Fortune, founder and director of the Center for the Prevention of
Sexual and Domestic Violence in Seattle. "Churches are being overwhelmed."

Fortune and other experts say the number of complaints against churches and
synagogues in the country could be 5,000. About 75 percent are in civil court,
said Jack Kelley, senior vice president of Preferred Risk, which insures about
60,000 congregations, church districts and dioceses.

Some of the most extreme cases have been in the West.

The Catholic Archdiocese of Santa Fe once threatened bankruptcy because of the
number of claims paid in molestation cases involving priests. Some estimate the
price of priestly misconduct in northern New Mexico will reach $ 50 million.

The Santa Fe Archdiocese is home to the Servants of the Paraclete, a treatment
center for troubled priests, including pedophiles. Priests sent there because of
sex-abuse problems often were released to work in New Mexico parishes and they
molested again, accounting for the phenomenal number of sex-abuse lawsuits in
the Santa Fe archdiocese.

"There was a time when churches were viewed as immune to suits. Now there's
almost an antagonism" against them, said Hugh White, assistant vice president of
Brotherhood Mutual in Fort Wayne, Ind., one of the nation's largest church
insurers.

Carol Andrews, spokeswoman for the Colorado Episcopalians, said the lawsuits and
huge judgments "have made the church more cognizant of the issue and made us
more responsive."

Andrews called sexual misconduct "a crisis" for U.S. churches.

The Rev. Ed Paup, assistant to the Denver Area United Methodist bishop, declined
to use the word "crisis," but he said the rash of lawsuits "is causing us to
focus on creating safe environments in our churches."

He said he doesn't believe money is the reason churches are taking the problem
more seriously. "We are viewing this problem through different lenses today. We
weren't turning it aside before, but we're looking at it very differently,
knowing the damage it (misconduct) does."

Fran Maier of the Denver Catholic Archdiocese said insurance companies that
contend money is responsible for any newfound sensitivity are ignorant of the
church's stance.

"Linking money with the church when it comes to human suffering is ludicrous,"
Maier said. "If the church had been genuinely conscious of these things before,
it would have acted before."

The huge in- and out-of-court settlements are causing insurance companies to
reduce their coverage and increase their rates, industry executives say. And the
flood of lawsuits and monetary settlements also has galvanized the nation's
largest church insurers to start education programs for churches on how to
prevent sexual misconduct.  Brotherhood Mutual is planning 10 regional workshops
around the country, including one in Denver, to instruct church leaders on how
to detect sexual abuse of children.

"This is an emotional, explosive and sad issue," said company executive White.
"The religious community isn't taking this seriously enough."

But church officials say they know it's serious and have taken steps to stop
sexual abuse.

For instance, the Catholic, Methodist and Episcopalian churches all have
tightened their rules for investigating allegations of sexual misconduct. Each
requires an immediate preliminary investigation, and the accused church worker
can be suspended until guilt or innocence is determined. All three have
instituted these rules in the past five years.

John Cleary, general counsel for Church Mutual, of Merrill, Wis., which insures
60,000 churches, said naivete was part of the problem for church officials.

In the past "most churches haven't handled these cases very well," Cleary said.
Church members "aren't bad people. But they had no idea what to do. They always
thought sexual misconduct happened in other peoples' churches."

"Our biggest problem is church people say, 'It can't happen here,"' said Kelley.
At the least, sexual misconduct cases split congregations and can cause them to
"self-destruct" if they don't deal with the issue honestly, Fortune said.

Author of the best seller, "Is Nothing Sacred?" which chronicles sexual
misconduct by ministers, she believes it will be the turn of the century before
the number of cases shrinks.

Various church leaders, including Cecil Murray, pastor of an African Methodist
Episcopal Zion Church in Los Angeles, call the problem of sex abuse "epidemic."

Others say even one case of abuse is tragic but add that loaded words and overly
broad characterizations diminish work that's been done to solve the problem.

Some large denominations are facing up to the problem by instituting their own
rules, such as recommending ministers counsel a person only three times and that
all counseling be done during working hours at the church. Other safeguards
include making sure there is a window in the counseling room, and, in some
cases, banning all opposite-sex counseling.

The first high-profile cases against ministers for sexual misconduct were in the
1980s, but it has taken years for most churches and parent denominations to
recognize the seriousness of the problem, said Richard Hammar, an accountant,
lawyer and expert in church litigation.

Hammar, editor of Church Law and Tax Report, has produced a book and a video
that emphasize the seriousness of misconduct and how to protect against
lawsuits.

Called "Reducing the Risk," the video says churches "are to be a community of
trust and support and care, but they have become places of denial." The video
and a 95-page book recommend background checks of all staffers and volunteers in
churches, especially youth workers. It also recommends that no one be given a
youth worker job until the person has attended the church for at least six
months.

"A predator will be repelled if he can't start right away," Hammar's video
states.

His work doesn't discuss sexual misconduct of ministers with adults. That, too,
is a significant problem, but the largest court judgments in the country have
been in child molestation.  Other guidelines since the wave of successful
lawsuits suggest that:

Two church workers be assigned to youth groups.

Churches have a formal reporting process so no one covers up accusations of
sexual abuse.

A plan of how to respond to problems be developed, including what to say to the
media.

"Take the allegations seriously," Hammar advises churches. "Investigate them. Be
sensitive to the victims. Don't minimize or deny or explain it away."

Insurance executives say churches that don't adequately handle reports of sexual
misconduct will be cut off completely from being covered.

"There's no better incentive than fear," Hammar said.

As it stands, most churches buy sexual misconduct insurance separately from
their regular liability coverage. A few companies still offer insurance of $ 1
million, but most have dropped the maximum coverage to $ 300,000 or $ 500,000.
None will pay punitive damages awarded to victims of sexual abuse.

Moreover, most insurance companies won't pay judgments against ministers or
other church workers found guilty of sexual misconduct. They pay claims only
against the congregation or regional body, such as a diocese or district, and
pay the accused's lawyer and court fees only if he is found not guilty. Legal
fees can range from $ 50,000 to $ 500,000.

Often plaintiffs sue the minister, the congregation and the diocese or district,
but in the case of the minister "the wages will have to be garnisheed," said
Denver lawyer Joyce Seelen, who has taken several churches to court. She
recently won a $ 712,000 jury award for a 23-year-old woman who was molested by
a minister beginning when she was 12.

The cost of insurance coverage for ministers is rising by as much as 60 percent,
said Roy Woodruff, director of the American Association of Pastoral Counselors
in Fairfax, Va.

The 3,200-member organization offers group-rate insurance to its members, which
will go up this year from $ 300 a year to $ 500 for male members. Rates for
female members, who statistically are less likely to be perpetrators of sex
abuse, is rising 10 percent, Woodruff said.

Fortune said she hopes churches "aren't just passing policies.    The churches
can either get their act together, and actually make this a time of renewal, or
just go through the mechanics. They are on the brink as institutions. Churches
have to go beyond the idea of protecting just the institution.

"Most victims don't really want money. They want to be heard, they want the guy
stopped. Victims sue only after not being listened to, after being pushed around
and being shut out."

JUDGMENTS

Notable Colorado cases in which clergy were found guilty of sexual abuses and
juries awarded the victims sizable amounts of money:

The victim: Christa Bohrer was just 12 years old when Pastor Daniel DeHart of
the First United Methodist Church of Greeley began fondling her in 1983. DeHart
continued to pursue Bohrer and began a full-blown sexual relationship with her
when she was 14 and he was 27.

The trial: United Methodist Church officials denied culpability, contending the
relationship was consensual. DeHart - who pleaded guilty in criminal court to
sexual assault on a child and spent 16 months in jail in a work-release program
- said he and Bohrer were in love.

The judgment: Bohrer was awarded $ 712,500 in a trial in March. Now 23, she is
undergoing therapy.

The victim: Dianne Winkler said the Rev. Glenn Chambers of Grace United
Methodist Church in Denver sexually harassed her. Winkler, 45, listed her
specific complaints as Chambers rubbing her thigh, caressing her hair, and
telling her that she was beautiful and that he loved her. Five other women made
similar complaints against Chambers, 64.

The trial: Chambers said he was a heavy drinker, but he denied sexual harassment
of any women he came in contact with. The Rocky Mountain bishop from 1984 to
1992 called Chambers "one of our most effective pastors" and said the minister
was "quite penitent."

The judgment: A jury awarded Winkler more than $ 163,000 in January. Chambers
was suspended by his church in 1992 after the allegations of alcoholism and
harassment surfaced.

The victim: Mary Moses Tenantry went to an Episcopal priest, Paul Robinson, then
assistant pastor at St. Philip and St. James Church in Denver, for counseling
because she was anguished over the illness of her child. She said Robinson took
advantage of her vulnerability and began an affair with her. Moreover, she said,
he knew she had psychiatric problems, including a multiple-personality disorder
and a history of infidelity when she was married.

The trial: Robinson admitted to a relationship but characterized Tenantry as the
aggressor.

The judgment: A jury awarded Tenantry $ 1.2 million in September 1991. The bulk
of the award, against the church because Robinson filed bankruptcy, was upheld
on appeal.

PHOTOS:

Bohrer

Tenantry

PHOTO: The Denver Post

SELF-HELP: Some of the books and videotapes that now are available on preventing
sexual abuse within the church.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     October 6, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

Marshall's Home Winning Streak Ends at 33

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 787 words


Robert Sanford rushed for 203 yards and three second-half touchdowns to lead
Western Michigan to a 30-10 victory over Marshall last night in Huntington, W.
Va., ending the Thundering Herd's 33-game home winning streak, which had been
the longest in Division I-A.

The Broncos (5-1, 3-0 Mid-American) avenged a 34-30 loss to Marshall in last
year's conference championship game in Huntington.

Marshall (2-3, 1-1) had not lost at home since the Division I-AA championship
game in 1995 against Montana. The Herd rejoined Division I-A in 1997.

Top-ranked Florida State now has Division I-A's longest home and overall winning
streaks at 31 and 15 games, respectively.

In last year's MAC championship game in Huntington, Western Michigan blew a
23-point lead in the second half and lost on Chad Pennington's 1-yard touchdown
toss with four seconds left. . . .

Asen Asparuhov kicked a 43-yard field goal with five seconds left as Fresno
State scored 11 points in the final 1 minute 58 seconds to defeat Rice, 27-24,
in Houston.


College Basketball

Academic Misconduct

The University of Minnesota has charged 17 former basketball players with
academic misconduct, the Minneapolis Star Tribune and Saint Paul Pioneer Press
reported.

The students, all believed to have left the university, each face one to six
charges of misconduct for their roles in the school's cheating scandal, the Star
Tribune reported.

Their transcripts have been frozen until they respond to the charges. Should
they be found guilty after having hearings in the university's student judicial
system, they could lose credits, have grades lowered or even lose a degree, the
newspapers said.

A faculty panel concluded there was cheating by the 17 students, as well as by
one faculty member who has since retired. Federal law prohibits the university
from releasing the names of the students or the faculty member. . . .

American University, playing under first-year men's basketball coach Jeff Jones,
will play NCAA tournament finalist Florida on Dec. 23. The Eagles will open the
season Nov. 19 at home against Radford. [For the complete schedule, see Page
D14.]


Golf

Five Tied for Lead

Robert Damron, who withdrew in frustration after the third round of the Michelob
Championship two years ago, shot a 5-under-par 66 to grab a share of the
first-round lead with four others in Williamsburg.

Sean Murphy also shot a 66, capped by a 25-foot birdie putt on the ninth hole,
which gave up only 12 birdies against 49 bogeys or worse. Steve Pate, J.P. Hayes
and Cameron Beckman also finished with 66s.


Soccer

Best Foot Forward

Yugoslavian star Savo Milosevic joined demonstrators protesting President
Slobodan Milosevic and participated in a game with them in Belgrade.

"I am a footballer, not a politician," said Savo Milosevic, a member of
Yugoslavia's national team who is not related to the president. "I did not want
to make a political statement . . . but I felt I had a moral obligation to be
with my people and support their will."


Basketball

Pacers Sign Mills

The Indiana Pacers signed veteran forward Terry Mills and released three
players, including second-round draft pick Jacquay Walls.

Mills also may play center for the Pacers as the team tries to replace the
retired Rik Smits. The Pacers also released Gerald Brown and Trevor Winter. . .
.

Vernon Maxwell, the much-traveled guard obtained by New York in the trade that
sent Patrick Ewing to Seattle, was waived by the Knicks.


Locally

Surgeon General to Run

U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher is planning to run in this month's Marine
Corps Marathon.

Satcher, 59, said he will run his first marathon in an effort to reassure
Americans in his age group that it is never too late to start an exercise
program or to work up to a goal as seemingly impossible as running 26.2 miles.

"If you take good care of yourself, even at my age you can do these things,"
Satcher said. "If you maintain a regular program of physical activity and good
nutrition, even later in life you can gear up to run a marathon."

Approximately 25,000 runners are registered for the Oct. 22 race. . . .

Several Washington area residents will travel to Calais, France, this weekend to
participate in the world duathlon championship as part of the U.S. national
team.

Local athletes are Springfield's Anne, Donn, Willy and Tony Viviani, Pierre
Martel and Shepi Farrar; Germantown's Kathryn Jeffries, Sue Neurath and Steve
Smith; Gaithersburg's Scott and Linda Votey; Columbia's Judi Carbury; and Takoma
Park's Trey Cassidy.

The duathlon consists of a 10-kilometer run, a 40-kilometer bicycle race and a
second run of five kilometers.

LOAD-DATE: October 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday

Rock on ...

BYLINE: Brad Rock Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 422 words


Icy relationship

Mass weddings at hockey arenas can mean only one thing -- it's Valentine's Day.
Last Wednesday, 21 couples were joined on ice during intermission ceremonies at
the Utah Grizzlies' game.

It was dubbed "The Redneck Wedding on Ice."

Imagine that.

A hockey wedding should naturally lead to a lasting hockey marriage. And a
lasting hockey marriage should be bound by lasting hockey rules. For instance,
there could be minor misconduct penalties (coming home late), major misconduct
(coming home in a patrol car), gross misconduct (coming home in a patrol car
with a lampshade on your head and your pants on backward), boarding (putting
your mother-in-law in the spare bedroom), charging (overextending the credit
cards), checking from behind ("You're right, Honey, those pants do make your
rear look big."), icing (giving each other the cold shoulder) and, of course,
interference (blocking the TV during a Red Wings game).

Avoid those penalties and everything should be fine.

Til death -- or a match penalty -- do they part. Got that in an XXXXXXL?

Trust Vegas to take it one step further.

In honor of All-Star Weekend, Adidas put an Eastern Conference jersey on the
Statue of Liberty outside New York, New York casino, and a Western Conference
jersey on the lion at the MGM Grand.

Rumor has it they didn't even have to custom make them. They simply borrowed
them from Yao Ming and Shaquille O'Neal. That's the ticket

You think Jazz games are expensive, try this on for size.

Tickets to last weekend's Daytona 500 went for a minimum of $155, with the most
expensive going for $1,290.

Which makes a person wonder -- are the tickets eventually going to cost more
than the cars they're driving?

But those prices pale compared to seats at the NBA All-Star game in Las Vegas.
Some went for $27,000. Each.

Which is already pricier than the car I'm driving. An open secret

This from The Onion satire publication: "British homosexual John Amaechi sent
shockwaves throughout the sporting world last week when he announced, much to
the surprise of his family and friends -- in addition to NBA players and fans --
that he lived a double life for five years, in which he secretly worked as a
professional basketball player ...

"Now, it's like a tremendous weight has been lifted," Amaechi added, stating
that although he still feels a certain shame about his furtive involvement in
the often shadowy world of professional basketball, it has been a great relief
to finally be able to speak openly about his professional life." E-mail:
rock@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     June 15, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

Legal talent harnessed to free innocent inmates;
 More DNA tests urged: Lawyers group expands effort to reopen wrongful
convictions.

BYLINE: Bill Montgomery, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 294 words

The Innocence Project is looking for new fields to conquer on behalf of
prisoners behind bars for crimes they didn't commit, says co-founder Peter
Neufeld.

In the past year, the legal defense project at New York's Benjamin Cardozo
School of Law, started in 1992 by Neufeld and Barry Scheck, has exonerated five
more prisoners of rape or murder convictions across the country, in addition to
Calvin Johnson Jr., said Neufeld.

That makes 44 overturned sentences for murder and rape since the Innocence
Project was started, Neufeld added.

The attorneys, best known as members of O.J. Simpson's defense team, have
expanded their work to about a dozen law schools, from Boston University to the
University of Wisconsin and from California Western Law School in San Diego to
Nova University in Florida.

The attorneys are developing legislation they will present to Congress "to allow
any inmate access to DNA evidence, and if it proves innocence in this case, they
would get compensation from the state," Neufeld said.

Neufeld said he envisions going beyond DNA to have law students "reopen old
cases where there is often no biological evidence but there is a good case to be
made of wrong convictions."

"These are cases where convictions resulted from mistaken or willfully false
eyewitness testimony, prosecutorial or police misconduct and inadequate or
incompetent defense attorneys," Neufeld said. "These are cases that can be a lot
tougher."

Johnson, an Atlanta native and college graduate, became the 39th prisoner
convicted of rape or rape/murder to be exonerated through DNA evidence offered
by the organization.

Johnson had served the longest time --- 16 years --- of any defendant whose
conviction was overturned by the Innocence Project.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 8, 1999, Thursday Home Edition

Mail tells mayor how to do job;
 Signed, sealed and delivered: 500 letters a month range from requests to
gripes, advice and some compliments.

BYLINE: Carlos Campos, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: CityLife Atlanta (Extra); Pg. 1JD

LENGTH: 838 words

Lee Perry of Cumming wanted Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell to know he thinks the
city's lawsuit against gun makers is downright absurd.

Dean Kervin of northeast Atlanta complained that Campbell used racial and gay
stereotypes on the 99X morning radio show.

Elizabeth King-Carter of southwest Atlanta scolded the mayor for failing to
mention Morris Brown College when he was talking about the Atlanta University
Center on another radio show.

What do these three people, and hundreds of others, have in common?

They've all written letters to Atlanta's mayor to express their feelings on a
variety of topics, ranging from the serious to the benign.

Some people wrote to complain about police misconduct in their community or to
ask for a city job, while others simply requested travel brochures or an
autographed photo of the mayor.

The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reviewed every letter written to the mayor's
office during January.

The mayor gets about 500 letters per month, according to his office staff.

Predictably, complaints make up much of the mail. But there are also people who
write to support the mayor and the city. Several local business people wrote to
compliment Campbell on his state-of-the-city address that he delivered at the
beginning of the year.

Three people are assigned to read the mayor's mail. The mayor reads all of the
mail that is related to him specifically. If the letter relates to a specific
problem, it is assigned to the department that can best address it.

A letter about a pothole or a broken sidewalk, for example, would be routed to
the Public Works Department.

All letters get a response, regardless of how critical it might be of the mayor
or the city. The mayor also receives about 10 e-mails a month, and they are
handled the same way land-based mail is handled.

Perry's took the mayor to task for his decision to sue the gun industry.

Perry, 63, a retired lawyer, said he got a form letter saying his letter had
been forwarded to the appropriate department for response. He still hasn't
gotten a follow-up to the form letter.

"I'm not surprised, because I disagreed with what they're doing," Perry said.
"I've bumped into a lot of things in life, and I try to pass my ideas along to
other people.''

Kervin's experience in writing a letter to the mayor was much different: He got
a handwritten note on the mayor's personal stationery.

Kervin, 29, was upset that Campbell, while appearing on a morning radio show,
told one of the hosts that "I played you like a white guy" during a basketball
game. Kervin also claims the mayor also said he played the host " like a gay
guy."

Kervin was moved to write the mayor to let him now he did not appreciate his
remarks.

"Here is the person who in so many ways is the leader of race relations in our
city, if you really get down to it," Kervin said. "And then here is a very
insensitive comment coming from that person."

Campbell wrote Kervin back, telling him the comments were meant as a joke while
he engaged in playful banter with a disc jockey. Campbell denied making the
comment referring to gays.

Kervin said he was impressed that the mayor actually penned the note, but was
disappointed that the mayor didn't offer an apology.

Still, he hopes some good results from his letter.

"I think that will be on his mind, that someone wrote that letter," Kervin said.
"And maybe that will be the good benefit of my letter, that he will remember
that comments like that . . . stuff like that hits home for all groups."

King-Carter, 50, a tax examiner with the Internal Revenue Service, said she was
compelled to write the mayor after he failed to mention Morris Brown --- where
she attended college --- during a conversation with radio host Tom Joyner
touting the city's black colleges on the AUC campus.

"I was a little angry," King-Carter said. "And I thought maybe he needed to be
educated. He wrote me back . . . he was rather apologetic. The mayor said he did
not purposefully overlook Morris Brown."

King-Carter also received a pleasant surprise when Campbell, at the end of the
typewritten letter, included a handwritten postcript: "The chief of police is a
Morris Brown graduate!"

Dave Maggard, executive vice president of the Atlanta Thrashers hockey team,
complimented the mayor on his "state of the city" speech, but asked him to stop
referring to the new downtown arena as the "Hawks arena."

Maggard reminded Campbell that the arena, which has since been named the Philips
Arena, is also home to the Thrashers. Mentioning the Thrashers is important,
Maggard said, as the new team tries to sell season tickets.

A spokesman for the Thrashers said the mayor wrote back, "Atlanta is equally
proud of the Atlanta Thrashers as it is of the Atlanta Hawks. I will certainly
include the Thrashers in the future." Campbell also pledged to support the team
any way possible.

In a recent question-and-answer session with reporters, Campbell mentioned both
teams when he spoke of the arena.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo :
For shame: Elizabeth King-Carter's letter scolded Mayor Bill Campbell for
omitting Morris Brown College in a talk on radio about the Atlanta University
Center. Inadvertent, replied the mayor. / NICK ARROYO / Staff
Photo :
More than a form: Elizabeth King-Carter, standing on the Atlanta University
Center campus, shows Mayor Bill Campbell's response to her complaint about an
alleged slight to Morris Brown College. He wrote at the bottom, "The chief of
police is a Morris Brown graduate!" / NICK ARROYO / Staff
Graphic :
SAMPLES FROM THE MAYOR'S MAIL
Mayor Bill Campbell gets about 500 letters written to his office every month.
The Journal-Constitution reviewed every letter he received in January. Here's a
small sampling of them:
George F. Yeich Jr., from Reading, Pa., asked for an autographed picture of the
mayor. In his letter, the man said he has collected pictures of more than 300
historical and political figures.
The mayor's office said it sends out about one autographed photo of the mayor a
month.
M.D Johnson from Huntsville, Texas, wrote to ask for a tourism guide and a copy
of the local newspaper. He said he wants to peruse the classified ads for a job
so he could move to Atlanta.
Jonathan Brisby, a student at McIntosh High School, e- mailed the mayor's office
asking for some information for a school project. " Upon your reply I will give
you my full name, phone number, address, etc. once I know it's you and not some
weirdo intercepting my e-mail," the boy wrote.
Holiday greetings from former Gov. Zell Miller, who was still in office at the
time, and his wife Shirley, arrived in the mayor's office on Jan. 4.
J.A. Smith of Buckhead wrote to complain about Freaknik, the annual black
college spring break party held on Atlanta's streets. "You do not (have) and
never had the guts to protect Atlanta citizens from the chaos Freaknik brings to
Atlanta."
Kweisi Mfume, president and chief executive officer of the National Association
for the Advancement of Colored People, wrote to thank the mayor for his support
to that organization.
A resident of the Herndon Homes public housing community said the city's Red Dog
police unit harasses its residents.
Eric K. Driver of Norcross said the mayor should do something to stop
carjackings in the city.
Steve Gambling of Ontario, Canada, asked for a city of Atlanta lapel pin to add
to his collection.
Several people wrote to congratulate the mayor on his "state of the city"
speech, including Yvonne Wiltz, president of the Atlanta chapter of 100 Black
Women, Stacey Davis Steed, Grady Memorial Hospital board member, and John
Williams, president of Post Properties.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              November 11, 1995, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Breaking the bond of trust Philadelphians are shaken over revelations of a
racism and corruption scandal in the police department

BYLINE: by Carol Goar TORONTO STAR

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 1517 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


   THE 39TH POLICE district of the "city of brotherly love" is not a friendly or
fraternal place. It is the poorest, most drug-infested section of Philadelphia;
a wasteland of boarded-up tenements and barbed wire.

It is the kind of neighborhood where a stranger can get into trouble for taking
a wrong turn. And, as Philadelphians are discovering, it's a place where it's
sometimes hard to tell the good guys from the bad guys.

A messy police scandal - the worst in the city's history - is unfolding in the
39th district.

Six officers have pleaded guilty to making false arrests, planting drugs,
committing robbery, violating civil rights and filing bogus reports to cover up
their actions. And the trail of corruption is still widening.

The case has not attracted as much attention as the misconduct of the Los
Angeles Police Department, exposed during the O.J. Simpson trial. There is no
made-for-television villain, like former detective Mark Fuhrman, who boasted on
tape about framing black suspects, smashing their faces to pulp and getting away
with it.

But it has shaken the city. And it has given Americans one more reason to
mistrust those they pay to enforce the law.

The cost, in both dollar and legal terms, could be enormous. Already, more than
60 criminal convictions have been overturned because the charges are tainted by
the corruption scandal. Another 1,400 cases in which the six officers were
involved are under review.

So far, all the victims have been black.

Michael Nutter, the city councillor who represents part of the 39th district,
does not find this surprising.

"There is an absolute tie between police corruption and brutality and the racism
of white police officers," he says.

He remembers how, as a black teenager growing up in Philadelphia, he was ordered
out of his car one night by a white cop. He had done nothing wrong, but he was
terrified. The police officer offered to let him go for a price. Nutter handed
over $5.

By 1991, when the current scandal broke, that sort of petty corruption had
blossomed into something much bigger and uglier.

It came to light when Arthur Colbert, a black university student studying
criminal justice, decided to fight back.

He was on his way to pick up a date, one Sunday night in February, and lost his
way. He made the mistake of stopping to ask directions at a crack house.

Two officers from the 39th district, on the look-out for a drug dealer known as
"Hakeem," decided Colbert was their man. They searched him, ordered him into
their van and took him to an abandoned house, where they started drilling him
with questions.

When he didn't give them the information they wanted, they started hitting him.
Then, one of the officers drew his service revolver, cocked the hammer and
pointed it at Colbert's head.

Finally, they took him back to police headquarters and locked him in a cell,
while they set off to search his apartment. They found no drugs.

Five harrowing hours later, Colbert was free.

But he refused to shrug off the incident. The next day, he returned to District
39 police station to lodge an official complaint. The duty officer listened
carefully to his story and took his allegations seriously. He notified the
department's internal affairs division, which launched an investigation.

It led further than anyone would have guessed. Not only did Colbert's decision
to speak out lead to disciplinary action (the officers involved in the case were
suspended), it sparked a full-scale federal probe.

That led to the discovery of a cell of corrupt officers in the 39th district who
shook down drug dealers, beat suspects, planted narcotics, and filed false
reports.

Some of their victims spent years in jail.

Betty Patterson, a 54-year-old grandmother with no criminal record, spent three
years in prison for selling cocaine. The police have now admitted they planted
narcotics in her row house.

George Porchea, 27, a fast food clerk, was jailed for two years after police hid
drugs in his girlfriend's apartment. His daughter had to be put in foster care
when he was gone.

Along with these innocent people, law enforcement officials have had to release
known criminals, arrested by the corrupt officers.

"Guilty people are walking free because bad cops cut corners," says Police
Captain Frankie Heyward, a black 30-year veteran of the force, who took over the
39th district last summer.

He has the unenviable task of rebuilding morale among his officers while rooting
out any traces of dishonesty that remain.

Officials at police headquarters are saying little about the case. An interview
arranged by The Star was abruptly cancelled by the force's public affairs
office. No reason was given, but local journalists said the police are not
talking because the scandal is still spreading.

One man who is talking - and who knows a good deal about police corruption - is
Marc Morial, the mayor of New Orleans.

When he took office in May, 1994, he inherited a police force riddled with graft
and abuse.

"Citizens were afraid to complain because they might have to face the officer
they were accusing," Morial said during a recent visit to Washington.

He brought in a new police chief who fired, or disciplined, 169 officers. He
shook up the command structure of the department, forcing officers with
comfortable desk jobs to patrol the streets. He set up a new Public Integrity
Division, located outside police headquarters, to replace the old internal
affairs branch. He set up an early warning system to track public complaints
against police officers. And he prohibited officers from moonlighting as
bouncers in bars.

In the past 18 months, civil rights complaints against New Orleans police
officers have dropped by 28 per cent. And the city's murder rate - one of the
highest in the country - has fallen by 18 per cent.

"Urban crime is a problem in most American cities. And when you combine it with
police corruption, you have a powder keg," Morial said. "Most communities go
through a long period of denial. It is common for people to say: 'How could
there be corruption in the police department?' "

Philadelphians are struggling to answer that question.

"I think greed is at the root of it," says David Jacoby, a municipal worker. "In
that district, there are a lot of drugs. Wherever there are drug dealers, they
figure they can make a buck.

"There's no justifying what these guys did. They were rotten and I'm glad they
got caught. But I feel bad for their kids. How could they ever look up to them
again?"

One of Jacoby's friends is a cop in the 39th district. He knew the officers
involved in the corruption scandal, but had no idea what they were up to. He's
thinking of quitting the force.

Jerry Butler thinks anger is what turns good cops into bad cops. He is a roofer.
He knows a lot of police.

"When they see the unbelievable s--- that goes on in that neighborhood, they
just get tired of it. They write tickets and guys just rip them up. So the cop
takes the key and throws them down the sewer. That's the only way he can get
justice."

The starting salary for a police officer in Philadelphia is $23,000. To Tom
Coleman, who's in the armed forces, that doesn't seem like much for a person
who's putting his or her life on the line every day.

Coleman, who is black, has been pulled over by the police in Philadelphia for no
reason. It once happened to him three times in a single week. But he doesn't
think race is what causes police corruption.

"It's money. Or it's frustration," he says. "All of a sudden, you see these guys
you put away back on the street. And you've got kids at home asking: Is Dad
coming home tonight?

"It's been going on for a long time," he said. "They're just opening it up now."

Surprisingly, almost no one in Philadelphia blames Mayor Ed Rendell for the
problems in the police force. The issue scarcely came up in this fall's
municipal election campaign.

"He doesn't seem to grasp fully the damage done by his police department's rogue
cops," noted The Philadelphia Inquirer, in an editorial endorsing Rendell. "But
his flaws are more than balanced by the promise he brings to the city."

Rendell easily won last Tuesday's municipal election, outpolling his Republican
opponent, Joe Rocks, by a margin of 3 to 1.

Police Commissioner Richard Neal has also escaped widespread criticism. He had
to cut short his holiday this summer to deal with new revelations about the
extent of the scandal. But for the most part, he has been able to convince the
public that the police department's internal review process worked and there is
no tolerance for dishonesty, sloppiness or abuse of power.

But the real reason Philadelphians aren't pointing fingers is that they don't
know where to point. The real culprits in this drama are crack cocaine and
poverty and urban crime and overstretched municipal budgets and the temptation
to cheat.

Says Jacoby: "I believe it's happening all over the country. Just because
someone wears a badge, doesn't mean he has to be good."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo (JOHNATHAN WILSON) CORRUPTION FIGHTERS: Police Captain Frankie
Heyward, left, officer in charge of Philadelphia's 39th police district, talks
with City Councillor Michael Nutter outside precinct headquarters.

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                              July 14, 2014 Monday

New policy to release files on Chicago police misconduct investigations
unprecedented, praised

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 277 words


CHICAGO- Chicago's decision to publicly release information about completed
investigations of police misconduct will shine a light on a department long
followed by a reputation for brutality and a code of silence, a law-school
professor said Monday.

The decision announced Sunday by Mayor Rahm Emanuel's office ends a legal fight
over the city's long-standing policy of exempting police misconduct incidents
from Freedom of Information Act laws.

University of Chicago law professor Craig Futterman said that by forcing the
Chicago Police Department to hand over information on specific cases, as well as
the names of officers who have been repeatedly accused of misconduct, the
department will be forced to investigate patterns of abuse.

The department has never completely shaken its reputation for brutality and
misconduct since even before the vivid footage of officers beating protesters at
the 1968 Democratic National Convention.

Emanuel's office said Sunday that the policy will help the city build trust
between residents and the police force, while Police Superintendent Garry
McCarthy said it will demonstrate that the department takes seriously
allegations of police misconduct.

The information released could be especially valuable to prison inmates who
contend they were convicted as a result of a false of coerced confession, said
Flint Taylor, a lawyer who has handled several wrongful conviction cases and
whose office worked on the agreement.

The policy could also prove a powerful incentive for prosecutors to investigate
whether detectives have been accused of misconduct before, which Taylor said
could "have a dramatic impact on wrongful convictions."

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Judicial committee dismisses complaint against Judge Edith Jones of of
misconduct over remarks

LENGTH: 500  words


A special federal judicial conduct committee has dismissed a complaint that had
accused Houston-based Circuit Judge Edith Jones of misconduct over remarks she
made about blacks, Hispanics and the mentally disabled in a public speech in
2013.


The decision, released on the U.S. Courts administrative website Thursday,
affirms the earlier action of the 5th Circuit Judicial Council. That council, a
governing body of federal judges, previously voted in secret to take no
disciplinary action against Jones last year after completing a formal
investigation. But following the council's decision, a group of ethicists and
civil rights attorneys asked for an unusual review by Washington, D.C.-based
jurists.
Jones, a former chief judge of the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, has
acknowledged she made remarks about specific death penalty cases and about
claims involving mentally disabled defendants and minorities during a speech at
the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
But she denied she said some of the things alleged in the complaint.
No one recorded the speech, though some attorneys took notes and six people who
attended the lecture provided affidavits in support of the complaint filed
against Jones. Jones and the complainants differed about the wording of her
remarks, court documents in the federal judicial misconduct review show.
A five-judge panel signed the order, concluding we see no error in the Circuit
Judicial Council's ultimate conclusion that misconduct was not established by a
preponderance of the evidence.
According to the complainants, Jones said that African-Americans and Hispanics
were predisposed or more prone to commit acts of violence than people of other
ethnicities and that Mexican nationals would prefer death row in the United
States over serving prison terms in Mexico, which has no death penalty. She also
said that she considered claims of mental retardation made by capital defendants
to be red herrings, according to the complaint.
The complainants argued that Jones' remarks crossed the line into misconduct,
particularly given her position as a former chief circuit judge in a part of the
United States that has a large death penalty docket.
Jones could not be reached Thursday. Generally, judges are not allowed to
comment on judicial misconduct reviews, which are generally secret under federal
law.
Maurie Levin, one of the attorneys involved in filing the complaint, said she
considers the decision that there was insufficient evidence disappointing,
especially given the allegations in six affidavits. Levin said the lack of
transparency about the review process doesn't help.  This is particularly so
given the gravity of the allegations: that a federal judge made statements
evincing deep bias against defendants of color and foreign nationals, she said.
It is also deeply disappointing, particularly given the conversations going on
nationally regarding pervasive discrimination in the criminal justice system.
2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

New York: De Blasio Administration Announces Significant Drop in Misconduct
Complaints Filed Against NYPD During Second Half of 2014

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: Albany


The City of New York, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Mayor de Blasio and Richard Emery, Chair of the NYC Civilian Complaint Review
Board, today announced the latest data on police misconduct complaints, showing
a significant decline in complaints filed during the second half of 2014 and in
all categories of misconduct.

From July 1 through November 30, 2014, there were 1,813 complaints filed with
the CCRB, a decline of 26 percent compared to the same period of 2013, when
there were 2,450 complaints filed. This represents the largest decline in
complaints over a five-month period since the agency was created in 1993.

CCRB complaints stem from police encounters in which there are often multiple
allegations of misconduct that fall into four basic categories: excessive force;
abuse of authority; discourtesy; and offensive language.  From the period of
July 1 through November 30, there were large declines in allegations in all four
of these categories, compared to the same period of 2013:

Excessive force allegations fell by 29%
    Abuse of authority allegations, including stop and frisk, fell by 22%
    Discourtesy allegations fell by 24%
    Offensive language allegations fell by 20%

"Over the past eleven months, my administration has implemented a series of
initiatives and reforms aimed at bridging the gap between the NYPD and the
communities they serve. From ending the overuse of stop and frisk, to dropping
the City's legal challenge to the racial profiling ban, to changing the
department's policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana, we're steadily
bringing crime down while drawing police and community closer together.
Commissioner Bratton is a force of change--and as we embark on the retraining of
every single officer and continue to along this path of reform, I hope to see a
continued drop in complaints," said Mayor de Blasio.

"The new regimes at the Police Department and the CCRB seem to be working. It
appears that this precipitous decline in complaints means police are getting the
message. The goal now is bringing down complaints even further," said Richard
Emery, CCRB Chair.

Looking at the entire year from January 1 through November 30, compared to the
same period in 2013, there was a 10 percent decline in overall complaints filed
with the CCRB, from 5,004 to 4,510 complaints.

During this 11-month period there were also declines in every category of
allegation:

Excessive force allegations fell by 11%
    Abuse of authority allegations fell by 3.5%
    Discourtesy allegations fell by 11%
    Offensive language allegations fell by 5%

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

New York: De Blasio Administration Announces Significant Drop in Misconduct
Complaints Filed Against NYPD During Second Half of 2014

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: Albany


The City of New York, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Mayor de Blasio and Richard Emery, Chair of the NYC Civilian Complaint Review
Board, today announced the latest data on police misconduct complaints, showing
a significant decline in complaints filed during the second half of 2014 and in
all categories of misconduct.

From July 1 through November 30, 2014, there were 1,813 complaints filed with
the CCRB, a decline of 26 percent compared to the same period of 2013, when
there were 2,450 complaints filed. This represents the largest decline in
complaints over a five-month period since the agency was created in 1993.

CCRB complaints stem from police encounters in which there are often multiple
allegations of misconduct that fall into four basic categories: excessive force;
abuse of authority; discourtesy; and offensive language.  From the period of
July 1 through November 30, there were large declines in allegations in all four
of these categories, compared to the same period of 2013:

Excessive force allegations fell by 29%
    Abuse of authority allegations, including stop and frisk, fell by 22%
    Discourtesy allegations fell by 24%
    Offensive language allegations fell by 20%

"Over the past eleven months, my administration has implemented a series of
initiatives and reforms aimed at bridging the gap between the NYPD and the
communities they serve. From ending the overuse of stop and frisk, to dropping
the City's legal challenge to the racial profiling ban, to changing the
department's policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana, we're steadily
bringing crime down while drawing police and community closer together.
Commissioner Bratton is a force of change--and as we embark on the retraining of
every single officer and continue to along this path of reform, I hope to see a
continued drop in complaints," said Mayor de Blasio.

"The new regimes at the Police Department and the CCRB seem to be working. It
appears that this precipitous decline in complaints means police are getting the
message. The goal now is bringing down complaints even further," said Richard
Emery, CCRB Chair.

Looking at the entire year from January 1 through November 30, compared to the
same period in 2013, there was a 10 percent decline in overall complaints filed
with the CCRB, from 5,004 to 4,510 complaints.

During this 11-month period there were also declines in every category of
allegation:

Excessive force allegations fell by 11%
    Abuse of authority allegations fell by 3.5%
    Discourtesy allegations fell by 11%
    Offensive language allegations fell by 5%

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday
                                  Mars Edition

IU completes misconduct case reviews

BYLINE: South Bend Tribune Report

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 294 words


BLOOMINGTON, Ind. -- Indiana University has concluded a review of sexual
misconduct disciplinary hearings that involved a student ethics director who has
since resigned, and determined that the cases were handled properly, the
university announced Monday.

In February, following the resignation of Director of Student Ethics Jason
Casares, IU launched a review of all student sexual misconduct hearings over
which Casares had presided during the current academic year. The intent of the
review, which included 17 cases, was to determine whether the university's
policies and processes were followed appropriately.

Julia Lamber, a professor emerita at the IU Maurer School of Law who specializes
in issues related to Title IX, performed the review. She read the case files and
listened to the audio recordings of the hearings, according to IU officials.

"Lamber determined that the disciplinary hearings in question were conducted
without bias or undue influence and that the university's processes were
followed, in turn ensuring a fair process for all parties involved," the
university said.

Casares resigned after being accused of sexually assaulting a woman at a
December conference.

In an open letter published Feb. 4, Jill Creighton accused Casare of sexually
assaulting her in December at a conference in Fort Worth, Texas. Creighton is
assistant director of global community standards at New York University and a
board member of the Association for Student Conduct Administration.

Casares, who was also IU's deputy Title IX coordinator, was placed on
administrative leave immediately. He has denied the allegations, but resigned.

Fort Worth police have said they are conducting their own investigations of the
allegations against Casares. No charges had been filed.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            November 6, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Police-panel investigator vows to fight misconduct rap

BYLINE: By DANA DiFILIPPO; difilid@phillynews.com 215-854-5934

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 405 words


As chief investigator of the Police Advisory Commission, Wellington Stubbs II
sleuths to uncover police misconduct.

But last week, Stubbs found himself at the center of his own misconduct scandal,
when City Controller Alan Butkovitz accused him of violating city residency
requirements by living in New Jersey and failing to fully disclose outside
income as the city requires.

Yesterday, Stubbs, through his attorney, vowed to fight the accusations when he
attends a still-unscheduled disciplinary hearing at which he faces termination.

"We deny [the charges] categorically," his attorney, Brian J. Zeigler, said.

Butkovitz accused Stubbs of maintaining his primary residence in South Jersey,
noting that investigators saw him at least 14 times at a Camden County home
owned by his wife.

Stubbs, a city employee since 2002, says he lives in Southwest Philadelphia.

The controller also reported that Stubbs' vehicle has New Jersey tags and
insurance, that he receives mail in New Jersey and that he certified New Jersey
as his primary residence on mortgage-refinancing paperwork.

He also held a second job in New Jersey for seven years for which he listed the
Garden State as his home state, according to the report.

"The violations are so egregious and so accumulative that it's just completely
implausible to make an argument that he forgot [to report the outside income],"
Butkovitz said.

Still, Zeigler maintains that Stubbs is guilty only of "being a good father" to
his two elementary-school age children, including a special-needs daughter.

"He and his wife are separated. He's taking care of his family, who live in New
Jersey [with their mother]," Zeigler said. "He goes and visits the kids often -
that's normal; there's nothing illegal about that. That's what we want people to
do in our society."

Zeigler acknowledged that Stubbs' name is on some New Jersey records, but only
because his children live there. Stubbs also has utility bills proving his
residency in Southwest Philly, he added.

The Controller's Office gave its findings to the city Managing Director's Office
for review. City officials didn't respond to requests for comment yesterday.

Stubbs' case is one of 20 residency investigations the Controller's Office has
conducted in the past year, spokesman Harvey Rice said.

Ten remain under investigation, four were deemed unfounded, five resulted in
terminations and one (Stubbs' case) is listed as pending, Rice added.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 19, 2013 Saturday

Clerk convicted of misconduct

BYLINE: Jeff Tucker, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Oct. 19--A Pueblo jury took about a half hour to convict a former district court
clerk of accessory to a crime and official misconduct Friday. Robin Arwood, 43,
is set for sentencing in January.

While a prison or jail term is possible, her lack of any previous record will
qualify Arwood for probation and she also will be screened as a candidate for a
community corrections halfway house.

Arwood was accused of providing court information to her friend who then passed
on the information to a jailed drug dealer, Richard Crites.

Arwood's attorney, Cobea Becker, had argued over the course of three days that
her client had no intention of helping Crites and was only doing favors for her
friend.

But Prosecutor Rita Hara dismissed that story Friday afternoon, reminding jurors
that police first became suspicious of Arwood when they came to the courthouse
looking for a judge to sign a warrant to search Crites' home.

That night, Crites' girlfriend tipped him off about the search and police said
Arwood had informed the woman, Kelly Conroy, earlier in the day.

When police returned to the courthouse and conducted a sting operation, acting
as if they were seeking another warrant in the Crites case, Arwood reacted the
same way, investigators said.

Hara argued common sense dictated that was an attempt to hinder or interfere
with Crites' prosecution.

Conroy already has pleaded guilty to accessory and Crites pleaded guilty to drug
possession and received a five-year prison term.

Because of Arwood's history with the 10th Judicial District, the prosecution was
handled by the Fourth Judicial District Attorney's office in El Paso County.

Retired Denver judge Larry Naves tried the case.

In other court news, a plea agreement may be in the works for a man charged with
driving drunk and killing his passenger last summer on the city's South Side.

Gabriel Archuleta, 20, waived his right to a preliminary hearing in his
vehicular homicide case Friday to allow time to consider a possible plea.

Jacqueline Solano, 20, was killed in May when the SUV Archuleta was driving
crashed into a tree in an Aberdeen park. A plea hearing is set for Nov. 6.

jtucker@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131019-PB-Clerk-convicted-of-misconduct-1019-20131019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Arizona: BASHAS' INC. TO PAY RESTITUTION FOR MEAT MISLABELING

LENGTH: 744  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Arizona has issued the
following press release:

John S. Leonardo, United States Attorney for the District of Arizona, announced
today that Bashas' Inc. ("Bashas'"), a family-owned Arizona corporation that
operates more than 100 grocery stores in Arizona, California, and New Mexico,
including the line of stores known as AJ's Fine Foods ("AJ's"), has agreed to
execute a Non-Prosecution Agreement concerning meat mislabeling practices that
occurred at certain AJ's locations between January 2010 and February 2012.

Under the Non-Prosecution Agreement, Bashas' has admitted, accepted, and
acknowledged corporate responsibility for the misconduct of the employees who
were responsible for the mislabeling practices and has voluntarily undertaken a
variety of remedial measures - including disciplining and/or terminating
culpable employees and adopting a comprehensive compliance program to be
overseen by a Chief Compliance Officer - in an effort to prevent the misconduct
from ever recurring.  Bashas' also has agreed to provide $1,472,487.20 (which
represents the total sales generated from the sale of the misbranded meat) to
the Tucson Community Food Bank, St. Mary's Food Bank, United Food Bank, the
Salvation Army, St. Vincent de Paul Food Bank, and the Association of Arizona
Food Banks in order to provide complete restitution for the misconduct.

Between January 2010 and February 2012, Bashas' operated 12 AJ's locations in
the Phoenix metropolitan area and an additional location in Tucson.  During this
time period, employees within the meat departments of some of these locations
followed a practice of taking beef tenderloin steaks that had been graded as
"Choice" under the USDA's meat grading system, mislabeling those steaks as
"Prime" (a higher grade), and then selling the mislabeled steaks to customers.
Because "Prime" steak is usually more expensive than "Choice" steak - AJ's
typically sold "Prime" steak for $35.99/pound and sold "Choice" steak for
$25.99/pound during the relevant time period - the result of these mislabeling
practices was that customers were being overcharged.  In addition, during the
same time period, employees within the meat departments of some of these AJ's
locations also engaged in mislabeling practices concerning American-style "Kobe"
ground beef, a special breed of beef that was typically sold for $5.99/pound.
Specifically, these AJ's locations followed a practice of adding trimmings from
non-"Kobe" meat products (including "Choice" and "Prime" steaks, cuts of meat
that typically sell for much more than $5.99/pound) to the "Kobe" ground beef
mixture in an effort to improve the consistency of the grind.  As result, the
product being sold by these AJ's locations as "Kobe" ground beef was not, in
fact, composed solely of "Kobe" ground beef.  In total, the offending AJ's
locations sold approximately 17,636 pounds of mislabeled "Prime" tenderloin
steaks and 139,861 pounds of mislabeled "Kobe" ground beef to customers and
generated $1,472,487.20 in total sales therefrom.

The United States Attorney's Office's decision to enter into the Non-Prosecution
Agreement with Bashas' was based on a careful consideration of the factors set
out in the Department of Justice's "Principles of Federal Prosecution of
Business Organizations."  Of particular weight were Bashas' full and ongoing
cooperation with the investigation (which was conducted by the United States
Department of Agriculture); Bashas' willingness to accept full corporate
responsibility for its employees who engaged in misconduct; Bashas' willingness
and agreement to undertake significant remedial measures to ensure that such
misconduct will not recur; Bashas' agreement to disgorge all of the sales it
derived from its misconduct, in the form of restitution payments to area food
banks; the absence of prior instances of misconduct associated with Bashas'; the
absence of proof that Bashas' upper management was aware of, or ratified, the
misconduct; and the USDA's conclusion that the misconduct did not create any
public health risk.

The investigation in this case was conducted by the United States Department of
Agriculture.  The prosecution is being handled by Dominic Lanza and Peter
Sexton, Assistant U.S. Attorneys, District of Arizona, Phoenix.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/az/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 9, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Jersey Officers Named In Assault Indictment

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 192 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Oct. 8


Four Elizabeth police officers have been indicted on charges of misconduct in
connection with the alleged beating of a robbery suspect, Attorney General Irwin
Kimmelman said today.

The indictment charges that the officers were involved in an assault on the
suspect, Kevin Burns, while he was in custody on Aug. 31, 1984, said Donald
Belsole, director of the State Division of Criminal Justice. The victim of the
robbery apparently was related to one of the officers.

The defendants were identified as Raymond Mack, 33 years old; Charles O'Donnell,
50; Joseph Overburger, 33, and Roger Strassburg, 31, all of Elizabeth.

Officers Mack and O'Donnell are charged with misconduct and aggravated assault
for allegedly beating Mr. Burns with a nightstick in the Elizabeth police
garage. The other two were charged with misconduct in failing to stop the
attack.

The officers are to be arraigned Oct. 25, officials said. Each could be
sentenced to 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $100,000 if convicted of
misconduct. Officers Mack and O'Donnell could be sentenced to five years in
prison and given $7,000 fines if guilty of aggravated assault.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            December 26, 2014 Friday

Thomas Peele: Time to rethink California laws on police transparency

BYLINE: By Thomas Peele Bay Area News Group investigative reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 663 words


The old phrase "the truth will set you free" comes from the Bible, a book I have
no relationship with because I'm an atheist. But let's interpret it not in the
context of religious dogma but rather one of larger meaning about America.

How free are we when laws are designed to keep us ignorant? Some would enable
the tearing of scientific facts from school books. Others keep more details
about CIA torture a state secret.

In California, laws allow police to hide misconduct findings behind claims that
revealing what's in their personnel files should never be publicly seen. That
law now needs to be viewed in the context of national outrage about the killings
of unarmed African American men by police in Missouri, New York and elsewhere.

But as the country engages in new debates over police misconduct, California's
special-interest laws protecting cops' personnel records need should be examined
anew.

It's simply bad public policy that serves only cops. Want cops to behave better?
Then require their behavior, and what comes of it, to be disclosed.

Aside from the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner, the killing of
12-year-old Tamir Rice by Cleveland Police Officer Timothy Loehmann last month
is incredibly troubling, especially considering that a video shows the fatal
shot being fired just one and a half to two seconds after Loehmann got out of a
cruiser just feet from Rice.

Yes, police were responding to reports of someone waiving what turned out to be
a toy gun. Cleveland police claimed Loehmann told Rice three times to raise his
hands. The video shows that to be very doubtful. Police also claimed Rice was
near other people and perhaps a threat. The video shows he was alone.

But here's the rub. Ohio has no law blocking the release of police personnel
files. Within days of Rice's killing, it was reported that a suburban department
had dismissed Rice for incompetence, raising immense questions about how
Cleveland Police hired him. Department leaders later admitted they hadn't
checked his record.

Documents about Loehmann's brief stint with the Independence, Ohio, police show
that he became "distracted" and "weepy" during firearms training, Ohio media
reported. "He could not follow simple directions, could not communicate clear
thoughts nor recollections, and his handgun performance was dismal," a deputy
chief wrote. "I do not believe time, nor training, will be able to change or
correct the deficiencies."

But if Loehmann had been a California cop, such truths about him would remain
locked away.

That police demand absolute support no matter the sins of the few plays directly
to the secrecy. There's no gray. Just blue -- or wrong.

We saw this last weekend following the horrid murders of two New York City
officers. Cops turned their backs en masse on Mayor Bill de Blasio because he
supported protesters angry that the cop who choked Garner to death wasn't
indicted.

The head of the police union said the blood of the slain officers was on de
Blassio's hands. Former New York Governor George Pataki said about the same
thing in a tweet and tied in U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, because, he,
too, said he understood those angry about Brown and Garner's deaths.

The same either-you're-with-us-or-against-us mentality is pervasive in policing
everywhere. You saw that in the idiotic tweets of San Jose cop Phillip White,
who blathered into the ether: "Threaten me or my family and I will use my God
given and law appointed right and duty to kill you."

San Jose is in the midst of deciding how to discipline White. Many are calling
for his firing. Even given the national attention scorn he brought upon himself,
what his department does with him will be a secret under California law.

In Ohio it would be public. Here, the truths you don't know cannot set you free.

Thomas Peele is an investigative reporter for this newspaper and teaches a class
on public records at the UC Berkeley Graduate School of Journalism. Follow him
at Twitter.com/thomas_peele .

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 6, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Study: Sex abuse rife in women's prisons

BYLINE: Toni Locy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Female inmates in all but one state have been victims
of sexual misconduct by corrections employees, according to a
report by Amnesty International USA to be released today.

William Schulz, the human rights group's executive director, says
the finding proves that sexual misconduct -- ranging from rape
to consensual sex -- is a systemic problem in the nation's prisons.
The one exception in the two-year study was Minnesota.


"No one can legitimately say . . . this is a minor problem
caused by a few bad apples," he says. "It's not merely an aberration."

Female inmates and the Justice Department, alleging rampant sexual
misconduct in prisons, have filed lawsuits in several states in
recent years. Scandals over sexual relationships between inmates
and officers also have led many corrections departments to institute
stricter policies.

Amnesty International is calling on state lawmakers to impose
harsher penalties on prison workers who engage in sexual activity
with female inmates.

Schulz says sexual misconduct is an important human rights issue
because women are the fastest growing segment of the nation's
prison population. From 1980 to 1998, the incarceration rate for
women jumped 516%. There were 85,000 women in state and federal
prison in 1998, compared with more than 1.2 million men.

In a survey of state and federal prison systems, Amnesty International
found that six states -- Alabama, Minnesota, Oregon, Utah, Vermont
and Wisconsin -- have no laws prohibiting sexual misconduct by
prison staff.

Only Kansas and Oklahoma had "completely sufficient" laws. Thirteen
states failed to meet Amnesty's standards, while the others were
close or moderately close.

Amnesty researchers looked at whether laws punish the inmate for
the sexual activity she reports, cover all forms of sexual contact
and bar use of an inmate's consent as a defense, among other issues.

Sheryl Ramstad Hvass, Minnesota's corrections commissioner, says
the survey's findings in her state were the result of the department's
longstanding policy of barring "interpersonal associations"
between staff and inmates.

"Our close monitoring of the policy and our strict, zero-tolerance
of anything that comes close to violating the policy have kept
us from having the problems like those in the 49 other states,"
she says.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Oakland police employee on leave after new misconduct allegation

BYLINE: By George Kelly, gkelly@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 274 words


OAKLAND -- The Alameda County district attorney will investigate alleged
criminal misconduct by an Oakland police employee, Mayor Libby Schaaf and City
Administrator Sabrina Landreth said Thursday.

According to an evening statement, that misconduct is not connected to the
growing sex scandal that has involved East Bay law enforcement agencies from
Richmond to Livermore, and the officer was placed on administrative leave after
the mayor learned about the alleged misconduct Sunday.

Schaaf and Landreth turned the investigation over to the district attorney's
office, per an executive order Schaaf signed May 13, and asked an outside
investigator to run a parallel internal affairs investigation.

"We are still not at liberty to discuss details of any ongoing investigation
without risking compromise of the investigation and potentially jeopardizing our
efforts to hold wrongdoers accountable," the statement said. "However, given the
current climate we felt it necessary to make this announcement. This is an
effort to reassure the public that we are taking swift action to address every
instance of misconduct. Oakland residents and the good men and women in the
Oakland Police Department who nobly serve this community deserve nothing less."

The statement did not name the employee, citing the city's desire to preserve
confidentiality during the investigations as well as a state law that prohibits
disclosure of most personal information about officers including "details about
internal affairs investigations -- even whether one is open against an officer."

Contact George Kelly at 408-859-5180 or follow him at Twitter.com/allaboutgeorge
.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland
Police Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015.
(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Oakland police employee on leave after new misconduct allegation

BYLINE: By George Kelly, gkelly@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 274 words


OAKLAND -- The Alameda County district attorney will investigate alleged
criminal misconduct by an Oakland police employee, Mayor Libby Schaaf and City
Administrator Sabrina Landreth said Thursday.

According to an evening statement, that misconduct is not connected to the
growing sex scandal that has involved East Bay law enforcement agencies from
Richmond to Livermore, and the officer was placed on administrative leave after
the mayor learned about the alleged misconduct Sunday.

Schaaf and Landreth turned the investigation over to the district attorney's
office, per an executive order Schaaf signed May 13, and asked an outside
investigator to run a parallel internal affairs investigation.

"We are still not at liberty to discuss details of any ongoing investigation
without risking compromise of the investigation and potentially jeopardizing our
efforts to hold wrongdoers accountable," the statement said. "However, given the
current climate we felt it necessary to make this announcement. This is an
effort to reassure the public that we are taking swift action to address every
instance of misconduct. Oakland residents and the good men and women in the
Oakland Police Department who nobly serve this community deserve nothing less."

The statement did not name the employee, citing the city's desire to preserve
confidentiality during the investigations as well as a state law that prohibits
disclosure of most personal information about officers including "details about
internal affairs investigations -- even whether one is open against an officer."

Contact George Kelly at 408-859-5180 or follow him at Twitter.com/allaboutgeorge
.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland
Police Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015.
(Laura A. Oda/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Oakland police employee on leave after new misconduct allegation

BYLINE: By George Kelly, gkelly@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News

LENGTH: 274 words


OAKLAND -- The Alameda County district attorney will investigate alleged
criminal misconduct by an Oakland police employee, Mayor Libby Schaaf and City
Administrator Sabrina Landreth said Thursday.

According to an evening statement, that misconduct is not connected to the
growing sex scandal that has involved East Bay law enforcement agencies from
Richmond to Livermore, and the officer was placed on administrative leave after
the mayor learned about the alleged misconduct Sunday.

Schaaf and Landreth turned the investigation over to the district attorney's
office, per an executive order Schaaf signed May 13, and asked an outside
investigator to run a parallel internal affairs investigation.

"We are still not at liberty to discuss details of any ongoing investigation
without risking compromise of the investigation and potentially jeopardizing our
efforts to hold wrongdoers accountable," the statement said. "However, given the
current climate we felt it necessary to make this announcement. This is an
effort to reassure the public that we are taking swift action to address every
instance of misconduct. Oakland residents and the good men and women in the
Oakland Police Department who nobly serve this community deserve nothing less."

The statement did not name the employee, citing the city's desire to preserve
confidentiality during the investigations as well as a state law that prohibits
disclosure of most personal information about officers including "details about
internal affairs investigations -- even whether one is open against an officer."

Contact George Kelly at 408-859-5180 or follow him at Twitter.com/allaboutgeorge
.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Oakland: Fourth police officer placed on leave in sex misconduct investigation

BYLINE: By David DeBolt, ddebolt@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 361 words


OAKLAND -- A sexual misconduct investigation has ensnared a fourth Oakland
police officer, the department said Monday.

The Oakland Police Department did not name the officer or the three others who
were put on leave over the past weeks. The allegations of sexual misconduct
involving the officers surfaced after the September suicide of Officer Brendan
O'Brien.

"The Oakland Police Department's Internal Affairs Division has placed a fourth
Oakland police officer on administrative leave as a result of our ongoing
investigation into a recent misconduct case," the department said in a statement
Monday. "The Oakland Police Department is committed to transparency. However, a
complete investigative process requires confidentiality in order to maintain the
integrity of the investigation. For this reason, only those preliminary details
that do not compromise the investigation can be released at this time."

O'Brien, 30, left a note naming specific officers who allegedly were involved
with the daughter of a police dispatcher who goes by the name Celeste Guap,
according to a source who read the note.

Oakland police initially investigated but did not take any action. However,
since then, the independent monitor overseeing department reforms learned of the
allegations and raised questions.

Police have reopened the internal affairs and criminal investigations into the
case, including trying to determine if Guap was a minor at the time. And on
Friday, Mayor Libby Schaaf said the Alameda County District Attorney's Office
was going to conduct an independent review of the sex allegations, and deaths of
O'Brien and his wife, Irma Huerta Lopez, who committed suicide a year earlier.
O'Brien, who shot himself inside his Oakland apartment in September, lost his
wife in June 2014 when she shot herself in the same place with his gun,
according to autopsy reports.

Huerta Lopez's death was briefly investigated as suspicious but later ruled a
suicide. Her sister, Paulina Huerta, told this newspaper she still has doubts
about Huerta Lopez's suicide and has blamed O'Brien.

David DeBolt covers Oakland. Contact him at 510-208-6453. Follow him at
Twitter.com/daviddebolt .

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland police Chief Sean Whent, right, listens as Oakland Mayor Libby
Schaaf speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif.,
on Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Oakland police Chief Sean Whent, right, listens as Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf
speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif., on
Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall
in Oakland, Calif., on Friday, May 13, 2016. To the left is Oakland police Lt.
Roland Holmgren, and to the right are Oakland police Chief Sean Whent and City
Administrator Sabrina Landreth. An internal investigation has been launched and
three Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of
sexual misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
A police shield sign hangs above the front entrance to the Oakland Police
Department off Broadway in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday, Dec. 1, 2015. (Laura A.
Oda/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 1, 1982 Thursday

Edmonton 7,   Los Angeles 3

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: Edmonton AB


EDMONTON  (CP) - Dave Lumley and Matti Hagman scored goals 23 seconds
 apart early in the third period and Mark Messier got his 49th and 50th
 goals to propel Edmonton Oilers to a 7-3 win over Los Angeles Kings.

Referee Bruce Hood had his hands full in the game between the two
 first-round Smythe Division playoff rivals. He handed out 165 minutes in
 penalties, including three game misconducts and one match penalty.

Dave Hunter, Lee Fogolin and Risto Siltanen also scored for Edmonton.
 Wayne Gretzky picked up three assists, but his failure to score virtually
 ended any hopes he had of reaching the 100th-goal mark. Gretzky has 92
 goals with only one game left.

Jim Fox scored twice for Los Angeles and Doug Smith added a single.
                                First Period
   1. Los Angeles, Fox 29th 2:02.
    2. Edmonton, Fogolin 4th (Hughes, Hunter) 3:03.
    3. Los Angeles, Smith 16th (Hopkins, Bozek) 5:23.
    4. Los Angeles, Fox 30th (Kelly, Nicholls) 13:38.
    5. Edmonton, Siltanen 14th (Gretzky, Coffey) 18:09.

Penalties - Hughes (E) 3:23; Siltanen (E) 6:04; Taylor (LA), Semenko
 (E) 8:22; Kurri (E) 12:39; Hardy (LA) 17:08; Kelly (LA) (minor), Sims (LA)
 (misconduct), Nicholls (LA) (minor, misconduct), Chartraw (LA)
 (misconduct), Hopkins (LA), (misconduct, game misconduct, match penalty),
 Lowe (E) (major, game misconduct), Fogolin (E) (double misconduct),
 Messier (E) (misconduct), Roulston (E) (misconduct), Hughes (E)
 (misconduct) 19:40.
                                Second Period
   Scoring - None.

Penalties - Lariviere (E) 8:22; Fox (LA) 16:29; Semenko (E) 19:10.
                                Third Period
   6. Edmonton, Messier 49th (Hagman) 2:42.
    7. Edmonton, Lumley 32nd (Messier) 5:45.
    8. Edmonton, Hagman 21st (Lumley, Siltanen) 6:08.
    9. Edmonton, Hunter 16th (Gretzky, Anderson) 8:13.
   10. Edmonton, Messier 50th (Gretzky, Anderson) 19:37.

Penalties - Fogolin (E) (game misconduct) 0:00; Hughes (E) 0:27; Bozak
 (LA), Coffey (E) 2:28; Siltanen (E) 3:08; Edmonton (bench) 19:37.
                                Shots on Goal
 Los Angeles                                                 12  7 13 - 32
 Edmonton                                                     7 13 18 - 38
   Goaltenders - Los Angeles, Lessard; Edmonton, Fuhr.

Attendance - 17,490.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 24, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

PHYSICIAN MISCONDUCT SAID TO BE 'RIFE'

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 357 words


The State Health Commissioner said yesterday that there was an ''overwhelming''
problem of misconduct by physicians in New York. He called on hospitals and
medical societies to fulfill their obligation under the law and report
violations.

The Commissioner, Dr. David Axelrod, said the problem was so serious that state
investigators were forced to perform ''triage'' and prosecute only those cases
that were ''a matter of urgent public concern.'' As a consequence, he said, more
than 1,400 complaints against physicians are awaiting action by the state.

Dr. Axelrod made his comments at a conference on physician misconduct and
discipline at the Westbury Hotel, at 69th Street and Madison Avenue.

Various Practices Cited

Among the practices cited by Dr. Axelrod was the illegal prescription by
physicians in New York City of quaaludes, the common name for the sedative
methaqualone. This practice, he said, is ''more widespread than we thought.''

Other practices that he said were ''rife'' were the misuse of Xrays, Medicaid
fraud and needlessly ''Ping-Ponging'' patients from one specialist to another to
generate fees.

The Commissioner estimated that as many as 10 percent of the state's 45,000
practicing physicians were either mentally or physically impaired or
incompetent. He described the situation as a ''public peril.''

''While most physicians take their responsibilities seriously,'' he said, many
hospitals and local medical societies are reluctant to report any suspected case
of physician misconduct or impairment to the appropriate authorities. Such
complaints are handled by the State Board for Professional Medical Conduct.

State health officials say that the major problem in prosecuting misconduct or
rehabilitating a physician who is an alcoholic or is addicted to drugs is that
hospitals and fellow physicians have traditionally balked at reporting such
cases to the medical conduct board. State health regulations stipulate that
failure to do so constitutes misconduct itself.

Of the 760 cases reported to the state last year, 75 were referred by physicians
or hospitals, according to state officials.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Fix the gaps in system to check on teachers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 561 words


You'd think teachers would undergo the most rigorous background checks of just
about any profession. But you'd be wrong.

The system, run by states and local school districts, is a patchwork of
inconsistent and often porous processes that have allowed thousands of teachers
with misconduct records - including 1,400 whose licenses had been revoked - to
fall through the cracks, and sometimes right into another classroom.

Many disciplined teachers have discovered that getting back into a classroom is
as easy as moving to another state, a USA TODAY Network investigation found. The
year-long probe, led by reporter Steve Reilly, uncovered many troubling
situations, including:

Dallas-area middle school math teacher Stanley Kendall lost his Texas teacher's
license in 2008, after he showed up on NBC's "To Catch a Predator," on which he
allegedly tried to solicit sex from a young boy in one of the program's stings.
Still, Kendall was able to get work as a substitute teacher in Indiana. He lost
the job only after someone saw a rerun of the show and notified his school.
Kendall said Texas did not have the grounds to revoke his license, but that he
lacked the money to fight it.

Alexander Stormer - a teacher with a long string of misconduct allegations in
Georgia, including sending text messages with naked photos to a female student -
also held teacher licenses in North and South Carolina. After leaving Georgia,
he taught in Charlotte, North Carolina, until the Asheville Citizen-Times, part
of the USA TODAY Network, inquired about Stormer's record.

While many flaws exist in teacher credentialing and hiring systems, one of the
most serious gaps is the lack of a mandatory national database of teacher
license suspensions, revocations and other serious misconduct findings. Instead,
states voluntarily turn this data over to a clearinghouse run by the National
Association of State Directors of Teacher Education and Certification, a small
non-profit group.

But some states fail to follow through: Names of about 9,000 educators who were
disciplined were missing from the database in the past year, including 200 whose
licenses were revoked because of allegations of sexual or physical abuse. "We
dropped the ball," a Texas Education Agency spokesman admitted about its missing
information.

Equally problematic, at least three states - Indiana, Nebraska and New Mexico -
do not always check the database when applications for teachers' licenses are
reviewed. The Indiana Department of Education checks if it already has
information about another state's action against an applicant, an absurd way to
run a background investigation. Isn't the point to discover whether an applicant
is withholding negative information? The only way to do that is to check 100
percent of the time.

Other problems plague the systems. While all states require a criminal
background check on applicants, not all serious misconduct rises to a criminal
level. So more is needed. Further, 11 states do not run criminal checks before
granting a license, leaving the task to local districts, where checks can be
less stringent.

Serious misconduct involves just a tiny fraction of the nation's millions of
teachers. But consistent, sensible and strict systems are needed to ensure such
teachers cannot simply move to a different state and new classroom to put more
children at risk.

- USA Today

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: lru


                       Copyright 2016 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Schools, report misconduct

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 621 words


After high school football coach Kip McFarlin was accused of using sexually
suggestive language to students and telling one he'd date her if he were
younger, the Orangefield Independent School District in Texas wanted McFarlin
gone. But the district didn't fire him. Or report him to police. Or inform
teacher licensing officials, despite a state law requiring a report.

In 2005, district officials found a way to give him "a graceful exit," and send
him off with a clean record, which he used to get another teaching job. Six
years later, at a school in Port Arthur, Texas, he had sex with a 16-year-old
student and was later convicted of sexual assault.

A USA TODAY Network investigation found dozens of teachers with hidden histories
of sexual misconduct working at schools or in other jobs with access to
children, where supervisors knew nothing of their pasts. In several cases, there
were tragic results.

Hiding sexual misconduct, enabling perpetrators to move on, is so common among
school systems that there's a name for it: "passing the trash." And yet even
though educators and child advocates have long known about the problem, existing
laws have failed to end the practice. Efforts to pass new laws have been
thwarted or have missed the crux of the problem.

For instance, some congressional lawmakers have pressed for a federal government
database of school personnel fired for sexual misconduct to prevent them from
getting new jobs. Such a database - which could also be maintained by a private
group, such as the one for school superintendents - would help. But it would
work only if other underlying problems are addressed first. Among the most
basic:

Some schools fail to make even the most rudimentary pre-hiring checks. A private
Louisiana high school hired a teacher who was a registered sex offender in
neighboring Texas. Students looking on the Internet stumbled upon the listing.
Even so, the school did not report him and gave him a positive recommendation.
He went on to teach at a public school until a parent accused him of sending
sexually inappropriate emails to a student.

While more than 40 states have laws requiring school personnel to report sexual
abuse, district and school officials either flout them or find ways to sneak
through loopholes. That's what happened with McFarlin.

School districts sometimes go further than just passing the trash, sending
predators along with neutral or good recommendations, or signing agreements to
hide files alleging misconduct. One reason? To avoid the hassle of trying to
fire union-protected teachers, which can cost more than $100,000, even with a
"slam-dunk case," as one administrator told the Government Accountability Office
in 2010.

What's to be done?

States need to broaden definitions of what must be reported to include sexual
misconduct, not just alleged criminal acts. And while more than 40 states
provide penalties for failure to report, the laws are seldom enforced.

A federal law, passed a year ago, requires states to pass a law or regulation to
prohibit allowing educators accused of sexual misconduct to leave without a
record of the allegations. Three states already had such laws, but only two -
Texas and Connecticut - have passed new laws this year.

Certainly, teachers accused of misconduct deserve due process, but no public
employee deserves a free pass on sexual misconduct, much less the opportunity to
strike again. Every state should comply with the federal law.

Finally, laws and regulations aside, nothing will improve until every educator
decides that where sexual misconduct is suspected, failure to report or keeping
secrets is morally unacceptable. Until that happens, laws will not prevent more
children from being hurt.

- USA TODAY

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ldn


                     Copyright 2017 The Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 15, 1995, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF;
Surgeon senator aids stricken man

BYLINE: Compiled by Ernie Freda; contributing: Mike Christensen

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 821 words


Freshman Sen. Bill Frist (R-Tenn.) drew on his skills as a heart surgeon
Thursday and came to the rescue of a man who collapsed while visiting the
Capitol. The man, identified as Graeme Sieber, 60, of Cleveland, Tenn., had
dropped to the floor from an apparent heart attack outside the office of Sen.
John Chafee (R-R.I.).

As Chafee staffer Patricia Parmer, a Girl Scout leader with cardiopulmonary
resuscitation training, began working on the man, Chafee's secretary, Donna
Davis, ran down the hall to Frist's office.

"Dr. Frist responded immediately," said a breathless Chafee, who went to the
Senate floor to praise him and inform others of the emergency action.

"He really knew what he was doing and took complete charge," said Chafee. "And
this gentleman, who was out - his heart truly had stopped to the best of their
knowledge - revived because Dr. Frist responded so quickly."

Capitol emergency rescue workers soon appeared and took Sieber to the hospital,
where he was in critical condition.

ATLANTA PROBE URGED: Twenty-six African-American members of Congress called on
Attorney General Janet Reno to investigate possible racism and corruption in
seven police departments across the country, including Atlanta's, where six
officers were arrested recently on corruption charges. The lawmakers also
complain that congressional Republicans seem more anxious to protect the rights
of "gun-toting white males" than they are to protect blacks. Their letter to
Reno singles out police in Atlanta, Los Angeles, New York, Philadelphia, New
Orleans, Miami and the Washington suburb of Prince George's County, Md. But Rep.
John Lewis (D- Ga.), who signed the letter, doesn't think Atlanta has a serious
problem. "I have not seen overt acts of racism," he said.

VOTING BY MAIL: Oregonians will choose the successor to Sen. Bob Packwood
(R-Ore.) in January in the nation's first vote-by-mail congressional election.
Gov. John Kitzhaber, a Democrat, announced that a primary will be held Dec. 5
and a general election Jan. 30, with the winner sworn in Feb. 2. Packwood's
resignation over sexual and official misconduct charges is effective Oct. 1. In
Washington, the Senate Ethics Committee decided to take no action in connection
with the Packwood diary entry asserting that Sen. Phil Gramm (R-Texas) intended
to send Republican campaign money to Packwood in violation of contribution
limits.

POLITICAL WARS

PRESIDENT CLINTON: Six months into a campaign he has not formally begun, the
president's formidable war chest is swelling. The campaign said it expects to
report Sept. 30 that $ 18.7 million has been raised - establishing Clinton as a
major financial force despite his political woes. The figure is not
unprecedented: President George Bush, whom Clinton defeated in 1992, raised $
23.6 million in his first six months of reporting.

BOB DOLE: In an update to "What It Takes," a book on the 1988 presidential
campaign, author Richard Ben Cramer asked the Kansas senator what would be the
first thing he would do if he became president. "Haven't thought. . . . If I get
elected at my age, you know . . . I'm not goin' anywhere. It's not an agenda.
I'm just gonna serve my country."

- Ronnie Chance has left as district director for Rep. Mac Collins (R-Ga.) in
Jonesboro to become Dole's campaign executive director for Georgia.

ELSEWHERE

Eight FBI snipers, facing tough questioning from Sens. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.) and
Herbert Kohl (D-Wis.), defended the firing of the shot that killed the wife of
white separatist Randy Weaver in Idaho, saying they had feared that members of
the Weaver family would shoot at an FBI helicopter flying overheard. . . .
Long-distance telephone companies, through former Sen. Howard Baker (R-Tenn.),
their lobbyist, admitted that as many as half of the 500,000 messages they
flooded Congress with during a battle in July over a telecommunications bill
were bogus, and they blamed a telemarketing subcontractor. . . . James Brady,
the former White House press secretary wounded in an assassination attempt on
President Ronald Reagan in 1981, injured his leg and lost some teeth in a fall
from his wheelchair in New York, where he and his wife, Sarah, were scheduled to
speak on gun control. . . . President Clinton designated the next four weeks as
National Hispanic Heritage Month, running through Oct. 15. . . . Longtime
Atlanta civic leader Jeanne R. Ferst, with the support of Sen. Paul Coverdell
(R-Ga.), was nominated by Clinton and confirmed by the Senate to the 15-member
National Museum Services Board, which provides policy advice to the Institute of
Museum Services.

SAY IT AGAIN

"The country may well be ready for a black man - or a black person." - Retired
Gen. Colin Powell, on voter interest in him and his presidential prospects.

COMING UP

TODAY: President Clinton meets the Cal State Fullerton NCAA baseball champions.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 394 words

MISSOURI

Suspect charged in highway shootings

Authorities announced charges Friday against a Kansas City-area man suspected in
connection with about a dozen recent highway shootings that have wounded three
people.

Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said that Mohammed Whitaker, 27, of
Grandview has been charged with 18 felony counts and is being held on $1 million
bail. Two of the wounded drivers were shot in the leg, and the third was shot in
the arm. None of their wounds were considered life-threatening.

The last confirmed shooting believed to be connected to the case was reported
April 6, about a month after the shootings began.

Whitaker was taken into custody Thursday. Police also confiscated a dark green
Dodge Neon.

- Associated Press

NATIONAL SECURITY

Navy officer accused of misconduct

A Navy officer was relieved of duty Friday because of unspecified alleged
misconduct while he was commanding officer of the Blue Angels precision flying
team, the service said.

Capt. Gregory McWherter was removed from his post as executive officer of Naval
Base Coronado, where he had served since November, officials. An investigation
continued into recent allegations of an "inappropriate command climate" at the
Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron based at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Fla.,
the officials said.

The allegations refer specifically to the period when McWherter served as Blue
Angels commanding officer, from November 2008 to November 2010 and again from
May 2011 to November 2012.

- Associated Press

Spacecraft crashes into moon:  NASA's robotic moon explorer, LADEE, is no more.
Flight controllers confirmed Friday that the orbiting spacecraft crashed into
the moon as planned, just three days after surviving a full lunar eclipse,
something it was never designed to do. Researchers believe LADEE likely
vaporized when it hit because of its extreme orbiting speed of 3,600 mph.

Easter egg hunt turns up body:  A Tennessee woman says she made a grisly
discovery while hunting for Easter eggs in her back yard with her 3-year-old
son: a dead body. Tara Hanouskova said she had noticed a foul smell but didn't
find the source until Wednesday, when she noticed tennis shoes in the crawl
space under her deck. Knoxville police said the unidentified man had been dead
about two weeks and the death appears to be from  natural causes.

- From news services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

2 Twin Cities priests on leave for misconduct 'many years ago'

BYLINE: By Emily Gurnon egurnon@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Ramsey County; Minnesota-Twin Cities; West Metro; State

LENGTH: 697 words


Two priests of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis are taking voluntary
leaves of absence for misconduct that occurred "many years ago," according to a
statement released Sunday evening.

The misconduct did not involve sexual abuse of minors or members of any parish
where the priests were serving, according to the statement from archdiocese
spokesman James Accurso.

The Rev. Paul Moudry, pastor of St. Margaret Mary in Golden Valley, and David
Barrett of the Church of St. Wenceslaus of New Prague, will not perform any
public ministry during their leaves, Accurso said.

They will cooperate with the Ministerial Standards Board of the archdiocese as
it reviews the cases and makes recommendations, Accurso said.

The priests did not respond Monday to requests seeking comment.

Accurso declined to say what the specific misconduct was, when the priests were
ordained and where they served previously.

Jeff Anderson, a St. Paul attorney who has represented victims of clergy sex
abuse, said the statements illustrate the lack of transparency that has marked
the church's handling of sexual misconduct.

"It's really simple. They need to just tell us why (Moudry and Barrett) have
either taken a leave or been put on leave," Anderson said Monday. If they pose a
risk of harm, the public should be made aware, he said.

Rev. Kevin Clinton, pastor of the Church of St. Wenceslaus in New Prague, said
he has been supervising Barrett for four years.

Barrett most recently served as regional associate pastor for the church,
celebrating Mass and administering sacraments for two small parish communities
to the west of New Prague, Clinton said.

Before that, Barrett, who was ordained in 1997 according to archdiocese records,
was associate pastor at Most Holy Redeemer Church in Montgomery, eight miles
south of New Prague, Clinton said.

Clinton would not divulge the nature of Barrett's misconduct but said he had
been making "progress and growth."

"For the last 12 years, he's been addressing this," Clinton said. "It's not as
if it came out of the blue. It just hasn't been public."

Asked whether the leave of absence was at Barrett's instigation, Clinton said he
believed it was.

"He was aware the Ministerial Standards Board was founded and that they were
going to go through records. Given that information, I think he anticipated he
would be one of the people who would need to be evaluated."

Clinton cautioned the public not to jump to conclusions.

"I think people need to realize that sexual misconduct is on a continuum" from
horrific child abuse to much less serious behavior, he said, implying that
Barrett's conduct fell on the latter end.

Barrett, 49, is listed in the 2013 Official Catholic Directory as being on
"special assignment."

Others given that designation this year include:

-- Mahtomedi priest Jonathan Shelley, whose computer files were turned over by
the archdiocese to St. Paul police and contained adult pornography. Police
reopened their investigation less than a week later after receiving new
information;

-- Michael Krenik, convicted of lewd behavior after he exposed himself in 2010
to a police officer in a St. Paul park; and

-- Christopher Wenthe, convicted in 2011 of criminal sexual conduct with an
adult parishioner. The reversal of that conviction is on appeal.

The announcements of the latest leaves came amid a month of turmoil at the
archdiocese.

Press accounts, spurred in part by a former employee turned whistleblower, have
exposed failures by top archdiocese officials to report possible criminal
activity to police regarding Shelley's computer and to alert law enforcement or
parishioners to a St. Paul priest who exhibited "troublesome" sexual behavior.
The latter, Curtis Wehmeyer, was later convicted of molesting two boys.

Other priests, such as Michael Keating of the University of St. Thomas, have
been sued in recent weeks for child sexual abuse -- lawsuits made possible
because of new legislation that temporarily lifts the civil statute of
limitations for underage sex abuse victims.

Moudry, 64, was ordained in 1987 and has served as pastor at St. Margaret Mary
since 2001.

Emily Gurnon can be reached at 651-228-5522.

Follow her attwitter.com/emilygurnon .

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The sun was spotted shining through the clouds near the dome of the
Cathedral of Saint Paul in St. Paul, Minn. Friday, January 6, 2006 after a
couple of weeks without being seen.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Fewer are behaving badly at work, survey finds. What changed?;
Observed misconduct in US workplaces is at its lowest point in almost two
decades, an achievement that appears to be related to companies' increasing
investment in ethics and compliance initiatives.

BYLINE: Elizabeth Barber Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 819 words


Observed misconduct in American workplaces is at its lowest point in almost two
decades, an achievement that appears to be related to companies' increasing
investment in ethics and compliance initiatives.

A survey of about 6,400 part- and full-time workers in the for-profit sector
found that 41 percent had observed misconduct in their offices last year,
according to The Ethics Resource Center (ERC), a Virginia-based nonprofit that
released its report this month. That's an all-time low for the eight times the
report has been conducted since 1994, down from 45 percent in 2011 and 55
percent at the highest point six years ago.

"More companies have done what they need to do," says Patricia Harned, president
of the ERC.

The report queried respondents about 26 types of misconduct, including
fabricating financial data, sexual harassment, lying to employees, and bribing
public officials.

For the third year now, the decline in bad behavior continued, despite an
economic rebound. That bucks a long-term trend in the survey data suggesting
that when the stock market is up, so, too, are sightings of crooked practices,
as companies or employees angle after even bigger rewards.

"This was very different from what we expected," says Dr. Harned.

So, how to explain the more ethical doings, even as the economy recovers? A
possible explanation is that more companies are implementing ethics and
compliance programs, which monitor a company's ethical behavior and train
employees in good practices.

Some 81 percent of companies now have such programs, according to the report, up
from 74 percent two years earlier.

That uptick could be attributed in part to the federal government's promise that
companies with strong ethics and compliance programs will receive some leniency
if accused of wrongdoing. In 2012, in what was a landmark case for such
programs, investigators declined to charge Morgan Stanley for a managing
director's criminal activities, saying the financial heavyweight had done what
it could to guard against rogue employee misdeeds.

"Smart business people are starting to notice that there is a return on their
investment in ethics and compliance programs," says Tim Mazur, chief operating
officer of the Ethics and Compliance Officer Association, based in Waltham,
Mass.

Of course, just having an ethics and compliance program is not enough - such
programs can be little more than varnish to otherwise seedy operations.

"It takes a little bit more work than an ethics and compliance program," says
David Mayer, a professor at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business
and a researcher at EthicalSystems.Org, an online hub founded last month to help
businesses bolster their ethical performance.

That additional work includes ensuring that such programs are "embedded within
an ethical culture," says Dr. Mayer. To do so, companies must prioritize ethics,
hiring and promoting ethical employees, he says.

The ethics and compliance program's status within the organization can also
weigh into the office's ethics culture.

"The positioning of the office is important," says Lorraine D'Angelo, senior
vice president for ethics and compliance at Dragados USA, a construction
contractor in Costa Mesa, Calif.

Her office, founded in 2008, reports to Dragados's president and has access to
the board of directors. Not all such programs have that leverage, reporting
instead to lower-level departments.

"Once you get that status, and people know it's supported by the management,
then people get the message and things start to change," she says.

Data from the report suggest that positive revisions in office ethics cultures
are both occurring and significant. Some 66 percent of workplace cultures rate
as ethical, versus 60 percent in 2011, the report found. In companies with poor
ethics cultures, 88 percent of workers observed unethical practices, compared
with 20 percent of workers in companies with strong ethical cultures.

The report also found that, of the employees who were aware of just "some" of
their company's ethics and compliance program resources, half had seen
misconduct. But of those who were aware of "all" those resources, that number
dropped to 40 percent.

Still, there is room for improvement. The share of workers who actually reported
the misconduct in their offices to either internal or external officers was just
63 percent, down from 65 percent in 2011.

And, in a possibly related finding, 21 percent of workers say they experienced
retaliation for reporting workplace wrongdoing, barely changed from 22 percent
in 2011.

In addition, some 60 percent of observed misconduct involved someone with
managerial authority, a sign that it may be even harder to root out. One-quarter
of the misconduct was also identified as ongoing, not just a single incident,
according to the report.

"Misconduct isn't happening as much," says Harned, "but, where it is happening,
it's very worrisome."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 18, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Two Atlantic City police officers plead guilty to misconduct

BYLINE: Anjalee Khemlani, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 159 words


Nov. 18--MAYS LANDING -- Two former Atlantic City police officers pleaded guilty
to charges of official misconduct in Atlantic County Superior Court today.

Sgt. Richard Halvorson and Officer Troy Maven both pleaded guilty to
third-degree official misconduct. As a result, they forfeit any future public
employment.

Halvorson, 42, who joined the department in 1989, pleaded guilty being in
possession and using a controlled danger substance while in uniform Feb. 28.

At the time, Halvorson was a member of the city's Bomb Squad.

Officer Troy Maven, 32, admitted to paying a woman for sex while on duty Aug.
17.

Maven, 32, told superior judge Michael Donio he was in uniform when he "offered
$60 in exchange for sexual activity to a female."

Both men will be sentenced on Jan. 10.

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131118-1AC-BRF-Two-Atlantic-City-police-officers-plead-guilty-to-
misconduct-1118-20131118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: Probation officer pleads guilty to misconduct charge

BYLINE: Kay Fate, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 214 words


Sept. 19--An Olmsted County probation officer accused of having a relationship
with a man who was on probation has been sentenced to probation and community
work service.

Stephanie Ann Prose, 37, of Pine Island, was charged in April with third-degree
criminal sexual conduct-correctional/secure treatment or other treatment
employee, a felony; and misconduct of a public officer, a gross misdemeanor.

Prose pleaded guilty Sept. 10 to the misconduct charge; in exchange for the
plea, the felony was dismissed.

Olmsted County District Court Judge Robert Birnbaum sentenced her that day to
two years of court probation and 90 hours of community work service.

According to the criminal complaint, a Rochester police detective interviewed
the alleged victim, who said that Prose knew he was on probation. The
relationship lasted from about March to July of last year, according to the
criminal complaint, and included multiple occasions of consensual sex.

The complaint says that Prose, a juvenile probation agent, admitted to the
relationship, knew the man was on adult probation and said it was a reason she
ended the relationship.

Prose is no longer employed with the county.

___ (c)2013 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130919-RC-BRF-Probation-officer-pleads-guilty-to-misconduct
-charge-0919-20130919

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2013 Post-Bulletin


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 17, 2008 Sunday
                         The New York Times on the Web

A Closer Eye on the Police

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTER; Pg.

LENGTH: 230 words


To the Editor:

Kudos to The New York Times for supporting fair hearings in police misconduct
cases (''Fair Hearings on Police Misconduct,'' editorial, Aug. 11).

To stop the New York City Police Department from ignoring clear cases of officer
misconduct, control over the prosecution of these cases must be shifted away
from the department to the independent Civilian Complaint Review Board. Even the
notoriously pro-police Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani endorsed this idea in 2001, and
the New York Civil Liberties Union has called for the same reform for years.

The editorial unduly absolves Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly of responsibility,
however. Under his watch, the discipline of officers guilty of misconduct has
deteriorated dramatically, and many misconduct cases have been closed without
any action whatsoever. This in turn has sent a clear message to officers that
they can mistreat New Yorkers and get away with it.

Real reform of police oversight needs to go well beyond a simple shift of
prosecutorial responsibility. The police department and Commissioner Kelly have
sabotaged independent scrutiny of officer practices, creating an atmosphere in
which even the most egregious misconduct goes unpunished -- unless, of course, a
YouTube video puts the lie to the official truth.  Donna Lieberman Executive
Director  New York Civil Liberties Union New York Aug. 12, 2008

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Carcillo dropped as punishment;
WILKES-BARRE/SCRANTON PENGUINS

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 499 words


WILKES-BARRE TWP.   If Daniel Carcillo learns anything during his stay in
Wheeling with the ECHL's Nailers, Penguins head coach Joey Mullen hopes it will
be to keep his mouth shut.

Mullen confirmed Friday that Carcillo was shipped to the ECHL for disciplinary
reasons after taking 28 minutes in penalties in two losses to Bridgeport.

Carcillo, third in the AHL with 232 penalty minutes, was assessed a 10-minute
misconduct in the final minute of Wednesday's loss to Bridgeport for arguing a
call. In last Saturday's 7-0 blowout loss, Carcillo was tagged with a double
minor when he argued a roughing call. Then, 1:08 seconds into serving his
roughing minor, he was hit with a 10-minute misconduct for yelling at the
referee from the penalty box.

"Danny needs to learn the lesson," Mullen said. "Keep your mouth shut. And if he
doesn't, he's going to find himself in Wheeling. He's a great kid and he's a
good hockey player. It hurts the team (demoting him), but in the long run, we're
looking at the big picture here. It's (the misconducts) plus other ones that
he's taken."

The misconduct he took Wednesday, with 50 seconds to play, left him unavailable
for the overtime and shootout.

"He's been playing power play, penalty killing, his regular shift   he's a guy I
can throw four-on-four in overtime," Mullen said. "And he's effective when he
plays."

Mullen also denied Andy Chiodo's demotion is a sign the popular playoff hero has
worn out his welcome in Wilkes-Barre/Scranton.

Mullen said he had planned to use starter Dany Sabourin in this weekend's games
with Norfolk and Binghamtom and wanted Chiodo to remain sharp.

"We want him to play," Mullen said. "Andy needs to play. If I didn't play him
this weekend, then he would have gone two weeks without playing again. We need
to get him some ice."

Chiodo was expected to play Friday, today and tomorrow against Trenton,
Johnstown and Dayton.

Collins adds offense

Sean Collins is proof that good things come in small packages.

Collins, who's generously listed at 5-foot-9, 178 pounds on
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton's roster, has put up big numbers wherever he's played.

At the University of New Hampshire, Collins was able to use speed and smarts to
take advantage of the Olympic-sized ice sheet at UNH's Whittemore Center. In 164
games he posted 77 goals and 173 points.

"In college it was kind of a smaller man's game," said Collins, who practiced
with Wilkes-Barre/Scranton for the first time Friday. "It was a wide-open game.
Up until last year, the professional game was more a defensive style of play   a
lot of hooking and grabbing. Obviously they opened it up this year.

"You see a lot of guys like myself and (Kurtis) McLean having success because
we're used to that kind of game from college. It's an easier adjustment than I
would have expected."

Collins is the Nailers' leading scorer this season with 50 points in 39 games.

Norfolk at Penguins

7:05 p.m. today

Wachovia Arena

Radio:92.1 WQFM

ON THE WEB

Ask Kelly Tomlinson a question

at  www.timesleader.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 20, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Police Misconduct Panel

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 192 words



To the Editor:

The New York City Police Department has proved that it has the talent, expertise
and determination to reduce violent crime dramatically. Why, then, has the
department been unable to achieve the same results in reducing criminal behavior
in its own ranks (editorial, May 12)?

The case of John Wrynn, a police detective alleged to have passed information
about investigations to criminals, reflects an ongoing problem. On the one hand,
police officers who wish to report misconduct are reluctant to do so for fear of
professional repercussions. On the other hand, there is a "circle the wagons"
mentality in the department and a reluctance to pursue cases against officers.

That the department often fails to investigate cases aggressively when an
officer mistreats a citizen is a tragedy. That the department is equally remiss
in acting against officers who jeopardize the lives of other officers is
incomprehensible. It is past time for Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani to allow the
formation of an independent body to investigate police misconduct.

C. VIRGINIA FIELDS
Manhattan Borough President
New York, May 14, 1998

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 20, 2007 Tuesday

Police reviews should be closed, judge says;
Court rules that public misconduct hearings for officers violate confidentality
rights

BYLINE: Thomas Peele, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 536 words


Public hearings of misconduct complaints against police officers violate their
rights to confidentiality in personnel matters, an Alameda County Superior Court
Judge has ruled.

In a 17-page decision released Feb. 9, Superior Court Judge Winifred Smith,
decided in favor of the Berkeley Police Association, which for years has tried
to close to the public meetings of the city's Police Review Commission.

"This confirms that there are no further public hearings," said Alison Berry
Wilkinson, a Pleasant Hill attorney who represents Berkeley officers.

"This is a sad day for public accountability," Berkeley City Attorney Manuela
Albuquerque said in a statement. "The decision shields police conduct from
public scrutiny, even though police officers wield awesome and intrusive
powers."

Albuquerque said she will meet with the City Council next week to discuss
whether to appeal.

Smith's decision follows a California Supreme Court decision last year that
ruled all personnel matters involving police, including misconduct cases, are
not public. That case involved a fired San Diego County sheriff's deputy who
argued that records of the deputy's appeal to the county Civil Service
Commission were confidential.

Wilkinson said there is "no doubt that the (Berkeley) case turned on" the San
Diego ruling.

On Monday, the California Newspaper Publishers Association's general counsel
said his group and the ACLU are co-sponsoring legislation aimed at overturning
the impact of the San Diego case.

Assembly member Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Gloria Romero, D-Los
Angeles, each will introduce such legislation later this month, said the
publishers association lawyer, Tom Newton.

"The only hope is for the Legislature to act and recreate an environment in
which cities can decide for themselves if they want to allow public
accountability," Newton said.

The bill would allow cities to hold public hearings on misconduct allegations.
Prior to the San Diego decision, Oakland, Berkeley, San Francisco and Los
Angeles conducted at least some police disciplinary decision-making in public.
Other than Berkeley, the cities stopped public hearings after the Supreme Court
ruling involving the San Diego deputy.

The bills would also allow disclosure under the California Public Records Act of
what Newton called "the basic facts" in cases where serious discipline is meted
out against police officers. Unproved allegations and what Newton called trivial
disciplinary matters would be exempt.

Wilkinson said police officers' reputations can be easily ruined by false
allegations, and the basic nature of their jobs requires their reputations be
protected, she said. Those protections, she added, deserve to be extended to
cases even where allegations are found to be true, because if "the decisions can
reversed, the bell cannot be unrung. You can't go back."

Other government employees enjoy no such protections. When allegations against
them are found to be true and discipline is imposed, the details of the case are
disclosable under state law.

Newton and other advocates of open government say the taxpayers need and have a
right to apply the same scrutiny to police.

Reach Thomas Peele at tpeele@cctimes.com or 925-977-8463.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

Chicago releases video of police killing black teen

LENGTH: 484  words


File photo of Cedrick Chatman who was killed in 2013 by Chicago police.

Newly-released video footage shows a black teen running away from police in the
US city of Chicago before being fatally shot by an officer.

The footage captured two years ago by surveillance cameras shows 17-year-old
Cedrick Chatman fleeing after he stole a car.

Authorities had fought for months to keep the video from being released.

Lawyers of the family and community activists have criticized Chicago's police
department, saying they have seen no change come about as a result of the police
misconduct.

Lawyer Mark Smolens said he hoped the release would initiate "system wide change
in the way police misconduct is treated in the city of Chicago," and added
"that's what this fight is about in the bigger picture."

Brian Coffman, also representing the Chatmans criticized the city for "keeping
quiet" on the topic before going on to express concern that how change will be
implemented is still unclear from the side of the law enforcement officials.

"They are still not being transparent and we are still not hearing details of
how they are going to change," said Coffman.

It was officer Kevin Fry who shot and killed Chatman in January of 2013 in broad
daylight but was never charged.

The video appears to contradict Fry's accounts claiming his life was in danger
at the time of the deadly encounter.

Fry fired four shots at the teenager, striking him with two bullets after
allegedly seeing Chatman point an object at the officers. Coffman and Smolens
say the newly released footage negates Fry's claim.

Now political commentator Steven D. Kelley says this individual may "have been
guilty of a crime; however, he was executed on the street."

"There's no reason when a suspect like this is running away for them to be shot
in the back at the distance when they pose no danger," Kelley told Press TV on
Friday.

He added that the solution to such violent episodes would clearly be a change in
policy.

The shooting sparked a flurry of criticism with protesters demanding the
resignation of Chicago Mayor Rahm Emmanuel.

The US city has been in turmoil since last November, when another police officer
was indicted for first-degree murder in the fatal October 2014 shooting of
another black teenager.

Police brutality in the United States has raised nationwide debates amid a
string of police killings of unarmed black men that has resulted in creating the
Black Lives Matter movement.

Large-scale demonstrations were held across the country in 2014 after a series
of high-profile incidents of white police officers killing unarmed
African-American men, including Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri; Tamir Rice
in Cleveland, Ohio; Eric Garner in Staten Island, New York and Walter Scott in
North Charleston, South Carolina.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/73/145285252752.jpg

File photo of Cedrick Chatman who was killed in 2013 by Chicago police.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 April 21, 2008

'Dissipation of assets' requires financial misconduct, Connecticut Supreme Court
rules

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 365  words


A spouse can't be found to have dissipated marital assets in the absence of
evidence that he engaged in financial misconduct for a non-marital purpose, the
Connecticut Supreme Court has ruled. During an 18-year marriage, a husband
invested $123,000 in a business development opportunity. He also was primarily
responsible for the building of the couple's home, which ran considerably over
budget.

When the couple divorced, the wife alleged that these acts constituted
dissipation of marital assets, as the husband's investment had a current value
of $31,074 and the parties lost over $200,000 on the sale of their home.

The husband argued that his conduct did not constitute dissipation because the
court did not find that he engaged in financial misconduct - such as intentional
waste or selfish financial impropriety - nor did it find that his conduct was
motivated by a purpose unrelated to the marriage.

The court agreed, reversing a trial court's finding of dissipation and remanding
for a new trial.

"Generally, dissipation is intended to address the situation in which one spouse
conceals, conveys or wastes marital assets in anticipation of a divorce. Thus,
courts have traditionally recognized dissipation in the following paradigmatic
contexts: gambling, support of a paramour, or the transfer of an asset to a
third party for little or no consideration. ... Poor investment decisions,
without more, generally do not give rise to a finding of dissipation. ...

"[A] harmful or selfish expenditure of marital assets undertaken for a
non-marital purpose is required before one spouse can be found to have
dissipated martial assets. We conclude that, at a minimum, dissipation in the
marital dissolution context requires financial misconduct involving marital
assets, such as intentional waste or a selfish financial impropriety, coupled
with a purpose unrelated to the marriage," the court said.

It cited similar decisions from Florida, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota,
Missouri, North Dakota, Nebraska, New York, Ohio and South Carolina.

Connecticut Supreme Court. Gershman v. Gershman, No. SC 17924. April 8, 2008.
Lawyers USA No. 9939661. Click here for the full text of this opinion.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                             May 6, 2004, Thursday

Federal Judge Not Subject to Discipline on Charge of Mishandling Personnel
Matter, Panel RulesBy a MetNews Staff Writer

BYLINE:  By a MetNews Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 551 words


The federal judicial discipline statute does not apply to a judge's alleged
mishandling of a purely administrative matter such as a personnel grievance, the
Ninth Circuit Judicial Council ruled yesterday.

The council, on a 7-0 vote, upheld Ninth Circuit Chief Judge Mary M. Schroeder's
dismissal of a complaint against two district judges by an unnamed complainant.
While the district judges were unnamed, the council noted that Chief Judge
Marilyn Hall Patel of the Northern District of California, a member of the
council, was recused in the matter, suggesting that she may have been one of the
subjects of the complaint.

The complainant, the council explained in its decision, is a former provisional
employee of a district court's probation office who was terminated by her
superiors. She unsuccessfully appealed her termination, first to the chief judge
of the district, and then to a court committee.

She then filed a misconduct complaint against the chief judge and the review
committee chair, alleging they had abused their authority, denied her due
process, and had a conflict of interest, the council explained.

Pursuant to the Judicial Councils Reform and Judicial Conduct and Disability Act
of 1980 and the Ninth Circuit Judicial Council rules, the complaint was referred
to the chief judge for review. Schroeder concluded that the complaint neither
alleged judicial misconduct nor offered evidence to support a finding of
misconduct.

The statute provides for discipline of a judge who has committed misconduct,
including one who "has engaged in conduct prejudicial to the effective and
expeditious administration of the business of the courts." Had the chief judge
found that there was evidence to support such a complaint, she would have been
required to refer it to a panel of judges for investigation.

In its order denying review of the dismissal, the council rejected the argument
that the "effective and expeditious administration" language may be construed to
include the handling of personnel discipline. "Despite the imprecision of the
language....it is clear that it is intended to deal with misconduct relating to
the judicial office or judicial conduct."

The council analogized to cases determining whether conduct is judicial or
non-judicial for purposes of judicial immunity. "Similar to the judicial
immunity context, we conclude that Complainant cannot pursue her personnel
matter through the judicial misconduct procedure because routine personnel
decisions involving court employees are the kind of administrative function that
does not directly implicate the 'effective and expeditious administration of the
business of the courts,'" the panel wrote.

The decision was signed by Circuit Judges Alex Kozinski, A. Wallace Tashima, and
William A. Fletcher and District Judges John C. Coughenour of the Western
District of Washington, David A. Ezra of the District of Hawaii, and Jack D.
Shanstrom of the District of Montana.

Judge Andrew J. Kleinfeld concurred in the result, saying he favored upholding
Schroeder's decision but would not have decided the issue as a general matter.
Two council members besides Patel, Circuit Judge Arthur Alarcon and District
Judge David Levi of the Eastern District of California, did not participate.



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Metropolitan News Company


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 9, 2014 Monday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

Alaska: Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance in the 2nd Degree (X3),
Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance 3rd Degree (X1), Misconduct
Involving a Controlled Substance

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Juneau


Department of Public Safety, The State of Alaska has issued the following news
release:

On 06/01/2014 at approximately 0057 hours AST conducted a traffic stop near
Iliamna Drive in Wasilla on a 2003 Hyundai Accent driven by Michael Yunker, (age
25) of Wasilla, for multiple moving and equipment violations. Investigation
revealed that Yunker was on felony probation for a previous Misconduct Involving
a Controlled Substance conviction. A probation search of the vehicle revealed
approximately 15 grams of  powdered cocaine, 5 grams of crystal methamphetamine,
3 grams of black tar heroin, 15 grams of psilocybin mushrooms, 15 grams of
marijuana and numerous items related to illegal narcotics distribution. Yunker
was subsequently arrested for three counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance in the 2nd Degree, one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled
Substance 3rd Degree, four counts of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 4th Degree and one count of Misconduct Involving a Controlled Substance
in the 5th Degree.  Yunker was remanded into the Custody of Matsu Pretrial
Facility where he was held without bail.

For further information  please visit: http://www.dps.state.ak.us

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 20, 2014 Monday

LENGTH: 874 words


Sunday's games

Blackhawks  3, Bruins  2  (SO)

Boston 1 1 0 0 "" 2

Chicago 1 1 0 0 "" 3

Chicago won shootout, 2-1

First Period""1, Chicago, Hossa 20 (Sharp, Hjalmarsson), 4:13. 2, Boston,
Marchand 13 (Bergeron, McQuaid), 19:41. Penalties""None.

Second Period""3, Boston, Marchand 14 (R.Smith, Boychuk), :50. 4, Chicago,
Bollig 5 (Kruger, Keith), 9:44. Penalties""Toews, Chi, misconduct, 5:50; Saad,
Chi (hooking), 11:32; Bartkowski, Bos (holding), 16:07.

Third Period""None. Penalties""Seabrook, Chi (slashing), 1:24; Oduya, Chi (delay
of game), 9:58; Bartkowski, Bos (cross-checking), 19:55.

Overtime""None. Penalties""None.

Shootout""Boston 1 (Spooner NG, Bergeron NG, Marchand G), Chicago 2 (Toews G,
Sharp NG, Kane G).

Shots on goal""Boston 12-9-14-1""36. Chicago 15-12-7-3""37.

Power-play opportunities""Boston 0 of 3; Chicago 0 of 2.

Goalies""Boston, Rask 22-12-3 (37 shots-35 saves). Chicago, Crawford 19-7-7
(36-34).

A""22,197 (19,717). T""2:35. Referees""Brad Meier, Don Van Massenhoven.
Linesmen""Ryan Galloway, Andy McElman.

Lightning  5, Hurricanes  3

Tampa Bay  3 2 0 "" 5

Carolina  0 2 1 "" 3

First Period""1, Tampa Bay, Barberio 1 (Killorn, Palat), 6:09 (pp). 2, Tampa
Bay, Palat 10 (St. Louis, Johnson), 7:32. 3, Tampa Bay, Kucherov 8 (Pyatt,
Malone), 15:07. Penalties""Nash, Car (tripping), 4:42; Brewer, TB
(cross-checking), 10:27; Tampa Bay bench, served by Purcell (too many men),
16:49.

Second Period""4, Tampa Bay, Purcell 10 (Gudas, Carle), :24. 5, Carolina, Semin
9 (E.Staal), 1:46 (pp). 6, Carolina, E.Staal 11, 5:40. 7, Tampa Bay, Barberio 2
(Brewer, Palat), 8:12. Penalties""Barberio, TB (slashing), 1:15; Sekera, Car
(hooking), 16:07.

Third Period""8, Carolina, Hainsey 4 (Liles, Tlusty), 6:14. Penalties""Brewer,
TB (hooking), 2:23; St. Louis, TB (hooking), 19:34.

Shots on goal""Tampa Bay 8-11-5""24. Carolina 17-17-17""51.

Power-play opportunities""Tampa Bay 1 of 2; Carolina 1 of 5.

Goalies""Tampa Bay, Bishop 24-6-4 (51 shots-48 saves). Carolina, Peters 7-10-4
(7-4), Khudobin (15:07 first, 17-15).

A""16,760 (18,680). T""2:30. Referees""Chris Rooney, Ghislain Hebert.
Linesmen""Jay Sharrers, Anthony Sericolo.

Rangers  4, Capitals  1

Washington  0 1 0 "" 1

N.Y. Rangers  3 1 0 "" 4

First Period""1, N.Y. Rangers, Nash 13, 1:10. 2, N.Y. Rangers, Nash 14
(Richards, McDonagh), 16:06 (pp). 3, N.Y. Rangers, Stepan 9 (Del Zotto,
Girardi), 17:49. Penalties""Brassard, NYR (hooking), 10:26; Erat, Was (hooking),
15:24; Alzner, Was (hooking), 15:47; Kreider, NYR (slashing), 19:26.

Second Period""4, Washington, Ovechkin 35 (Green, Backstrom), :59 (pp). 5, N.Y.
Rangers, Callahan 9 (D.Moore, Girardi), 2:25 (sh). Penalties""Hagelin, NYR
(slashing), :30; Wilson, Was (roughing), 9:22; Carcillo, NYR (roughing), 9:22;
Erat, Was (interference), 10:21; Erskine, Was (roughing), 13:39; Erat, Was
(slashing), 16:49.

Third Period""None. Penalties""Staal, NYR (hooking), 12:03.

Shots on goal""Washington 10-8-7""25. N.Y. Rangers 9-11-6""26.

Power-play opportunities""Washington 1 of 4; N.Y. Rangers 1 of 5.

Goalies""Washington, Grubauer 6-4-5 (8 shots-5 saves), Holtby (17:49 first,
18-17). N.Y. Rangers, Lundqvist 17-17-3 (25-24).

A""18,006 (18,006). T""2:24. Referees""Frederick L'Ecuyer, Ian Walsh.
Linesmen""Scott Cherrey, Shane Heyer.

Saturday's late game

Canucks  3, Flames  2  (SO)

Calgary 0 1 1 0 "" 2

Vancouver 0 1 1 0 "" 3

Vancouver won shootout, 2-1

First Period""None. Penalties""McGrattan, Cal, major-misconduct (fighting), :02;
Smid, Cal, major-game misconduct (fighting), :02; B.Jones, Cal, major-game
misconduct (fighting), :02; Westgarth, Cal, served by Colborne, minor-major-game
misconduct (roughing, fighting), :02; Butler, Cal, major-game misconduct
(fighting), :02; Bieksa, Van, major-game misconduct (fighting), :02; Sestito,
Van, major-misconduct (fighting), :02; Weise, Van, major-game misconduct
(fighting), :02; Garrison, Van, major-game misconduct (fighting), :02; Lain,
Van, major-game misconduct (fighting), :02; Giordano, Cal (hooking), 4:26;
Bouma, Cal (roughing), 4:26; Kassian, Van, double minor (roughing), 4:26;
Richardson, Van (holding), 7:02; O'Brien, Cal, misconduct, 11:27; Stempniak, Cal
(roughing), 11:27; Burrows, Van (unsportsmanlike conduct, roughing), 11:27;
Kassian, Van, misconduct, 11:27.

Second Period""1, Calgary, Giordano 7 (Stempniak), 1:37 (pp). 2, Vancouver,
Kesler 18 (Kassian, Higgins), 3:50. Penalties""Kesler, Van (holding), 1:32;
Stajan, Cal (roughing), 20:00; Richardson, Van (roughing), 20:00.

Third Period""3, Calgary, Stajan 7 (Bouma), 4:01. 4, Vancouver, Weber 2 (Edler,
Kesler), 11:48 (pp). Penalties""Weber, Van (hooking), 1:05; Giordano, Cal
(tripping), 6:54; Giordano, Cal (slashing), 11:44; Giordano, Cal (holding
stick), 16:41; Kassian, Van (hooking), 16:41.

Overtime""None. Penalties""None.

Shootout""Calgary 1 (Colborne G, Hudler NG, Stempniak NG, Monahan NG, Backlund
NG), Vancouver 2 (Burrows NG, Weber G, Kesler NG, Kassian NG, Higgins G).

Shots on goal""Calgary 11-11-8-3""33. Vancouver 9-9-10-5""33.

Power-play opportunities""Calgary 1 of 4; Vancouver 1 of 3.

Goalies""Calgary, Ramo 8-9-4 (33 shots-31 saves). Vancouver, Luongo 17-10-6
(33-31).

A""18,910 (18,910). T""2:56. Referees""Dave Jackson, Kyle Rehman.
Linesmen""Lonnie Cameron, John Grandt.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               KSWB-TV, San Diego

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday

Chief vows to address cop-misconduct

BYLINE: KSWB-TV, San Diego

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 851 words


May 11--SAN DIEGO -- Police Chief William Lansdowne apologized Tuesday on behalf
of his department for a recent spate of officer-misconduct cases and pledged to
do everything possible to regain the public's confidence and "repair the damage
done."

"I want to personally apologize to every citizen of the city of San Diego, as
this behavior is not expected, nor condoned by me or anyone in the San Diego
Police Department," Lansdowne said.

In response to what he called an "unprecedented number" of accusations against
SDPD personnel surfacing over the last three months -- nine cases total, five of
which have resulted in arrests of officers -- Lansdowne outlined a seven-step
program with a goal of "greatly reducing future incidents" of wrongdoing.

--Related

VIDEO: Police chief apologies for cop mis-conduct

Chief William Lansdowne Apologizes for Police Misconduct Chief William Lansdowne
Apologizes for Police Misconduct

The revised strategies include increased internal-affairs staffing by about four
officers, more ethics training, an around-the-clock complaint "hot line," a
review of the department's discipline manual and use-of-force tactics,
psychological "wellness" assessments during officers' annual evaluations and a
series of meetings with all employees.

"At the end of the day, there is no excuse, at all for the conduct of the
officers that you're talking about," said Lansdowne.

The SDPD's command staff believes the plan will help restore the agency's
reputation, according to Lansdowne.

"I clearly understand that this activity, conduct ... (of the) officers involved
in these cases has tarnished the image of this police department," the chief
said outside downtown SDPD headquarters. "And we'll work hard to repair that,
but it'll take years to rebuild that relationship, I believe, between us and the
community of San Diego."

The latest allegations against an SDPD officer came to light Monday, when the
department acknowledged the arrest of William Johnson, a 12-year department
veteran, on suspicion of driving while intoxicated in the South Bay.

Johnson was off-duty when he was taken into custody by Chula Vista police about
midnight Saturday, following a collision that left another motorist with minor
injuries. He will work a desk assignment pending the outcome of the case.

Last week, SDPD officials announced that an internal investigation was under way
into whether a patrolman used excessive force while arresting an allegedly drunk
and combative man outside a North Park nightspot.

The officer, whose name has been withheld, was one of three San Diego police
officers who struggled to subdue 38-year-old Shawn Allen McPherren in front of
the Alibi bar late on the night of May 1, SDPD Executive Assistant Chief David
Ramirez said.

A witness captured the arrest with his cellphone camera and later contacted
television stations, which aired the images.

The footage shows the uniformed personnel crouching around McPherren, who was
prone on a sidewalk, grappling with him while one of the officers punched him in
the midsection or arms a half-dozen times.

The following day, an SDPD motorcycle patrolman pleaded not guilty to driving
under the influence and hit-and-run allegations in connection with an off-duty
Feb. 22 traffic accident on Murray Ridge Road in Serra Mesa. Officer David Hall,
41, faces up to three years and eight months in prison if convicted of the
charges.

In late April, a judge ordered San Diego police Sgt. Kenneth H. Davis, 47, to
stand trial on one count of stalking a fellow officer he had dated and three
counts of making harassing telephone calls to her. Davis, a 23-year department
veteran, could serve up to three years in prison if found guilty of the
allegations, which came to light in February.

On April 11, an SDPD patrolman was involved in an off-duty dispute during which
he allegedly assaulted a 17-year-old neighbor boy he caught smoking marijuana.
The officer, a Mira Mesa resident whose name has not been released, has been
transferred to desk duty pending the outcome of an internal investigation and a
concurrent review by the District Attorney's Office, said SDPD Lt. Andra Brown,
a department spokeswoman.

In March, 42-year-old Art Perea, a vice officer with the department, resigned
amid accusations of raping a Point Loma Nazarene University student at an El
Cajon home. He has not been charged in the case, which remains under
investigation.

On March 11, San Diego police Officer Anthony Arevalos, 40, was arrested after a
woman accused him of sexually assaulting her following a traffic stop in the
Gaslamp Quarter.

Four other women subsequently came forward and made similar allegations against
Arevalos, who has pleaded not guilty to 18 felony counts, including sexual
battery, false imprisonment, assault under color of authority and receiving a
bribe.

To see more of KSWB-TV, go to http://www.fox5sandiego.com/. Copyright (c) 2011,
KSWB-TV, San Diego Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110511-5KS-Chief-vows-to-address-cop-misconduct-0511-20110511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KS


                                 Copyright 2011


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Mosby proposes reforms in probing police misconduct

BYLINE: Kevin Rector

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 544  words



HIGHLIGHT: Baltimore City State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby speaks Thursday at
Coppin State University about her policy reform proposals for investigating and
prosecuting police misconduct.Kevin Richardson/Baltimore Sun


Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby proposed a slate of reforms Thursday
for investigating and prosecuting police officers accused of misconduct, citing
her failure to convict a single officer in the Freddie Gray case as her
motivation.

"Equality must be a felt reality" in Baltimore, said Mosby, adding that her
proposed reforms - including giving investigators in her office police powers
and prosecutors the right to reject a criminal defendant's request for a bench
trial - would go a long way toward leveling the playing field between regular
citizens and police officers accused of similar offenses.

Mosby said she had challenged a "long-standing protective norm" in charging the
six Baltimore officers in Gray's arrest and death, and ended up learning "hard,
valuable and challenging lessons" about the need for institutional change.

Gray, 25, died a week after suffering spinal injuries in the back of a police
transport van in April 2015. Three officers were acquitted of charges including
misconduct in office, manslaughter and murder, and charges were dropped against
the other three.

Mosby said her proposals, produced after "convening and consulting prosecutors
around the country," were aimed at "opening a dialogue about the role that
prosecutors, police and community members play when citizens are seriously
injured or killed during interactions with police departments."

"Having learned the hard way through firsthand experience, when allegations of
police misconduct arise, prosecutors are seen too often as protective of police
and unlikely to prosecute cases of wrongdoing," Mosby said during an
announcement at Coppin State University.

The first of Mosby's proposals calls for replacing the Police Department's
Special Investigation Response Team, which responds to all incidents in which
officers use significant force, with a "collaborative investigative team" made
up of a police investigator, an investigator from her office, a Maryland State
Police investigator and a Civilian Review Board investigator.

Another proposal calls for the cross-designation of federal prosecutors as
potential partners in bringing state charges against police officers, while
another calls for the immediate inclusion of at least two citizens on trial
boards that hear officer misconduct charges at the administrative level. The
latter has been a top priority of activists in Baltimore but opposed by the
police union.

In response to the proposals, Police Commissioner Kevin Davis said in a
statement that his department "will consider all recommendations that serve to
improve our processes and enhance our reputation in the community."

The likelihood of Mosby's proposals being adopted or turned into law is unclear,
though some would face an uphill battle in Annapolis.

Attorneys for the officers charged in the Gray case have previously bristled at
Mosby's suggestionthat the outcome of the cases may have been different if
federal prosecutors were in charge and could force a jury trial rather than a
bench trial.

"Quite honestly, I think all of us would have welcomed the opportunity to try
this case in front of a federal jury," said Catherine Flynn, an attorney for
Officer Garrett Miller, whose charges were dropped.

krector@baltsun.com

twitter.com/rectorsun

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 16, 1993 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BLACKHAWKS' CHELIOS (51 PENALTY MINUTES) SUSPENDED

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Chris Chelios, who set two Chicago Blackhawks team records for penalty minutes
in a game Thursday night against Hartford, has been suspended, the NHL announced
Friday.

Terms of the suspension will be finalized after the league completes its
investigation into the matter and conducts a hearing with Chelios.

The Blackhawks play at Winnipeg tonight.

``Our main concern in all our supplementary discipline is getting an answer
before the player is scheduled to play his next game,'' league spokesman Arthur
Pincus said.

Brian Burke, the league's senior vice president and director of hockey
operations, invoked Rule 34a (supplementary discipline) concerning Chelios'
involvement in a third-period incident in a 6-2 loss to the Whalers.

Chelios was assessed eight penalties during the game, tying a club record, and
he set two team records for penalty minutes - 51 for the game and 37 for one
third-period brawl.

He was cited for slashing and high-sticking in the first period and for
misconduct in the second.At 3:19 of the third, the 6-foot-1, 186-pound
defenseman knocked down Brian Propp. Moments later, he became the third man
involved in a fight between teammate Brian Noonan and Adam Burt.

Chelios, ejected along with Noonan and Burt, received a 10-minute misconduct,
two game misconducts, two minutes for instigating and five minutes for fighting.

The brawl started after Noonan knocked down Brad McCrimmon.

Chicago coach Darryl Sutter offered no excuses for Chelios.

``It was a total lack of preparation on his part,'' Sutter said. ``He took bad
penalties, and they were bad ones. He was completely frustrated out there.''

The previous team marks, set by Reg Fleming against the New York Rangers on Oct.
19, 1960, were 37 minutes for a game and 32 minutes in one altercation.

While Chelios' outburst produced club records, they were far shy of the league
mark.

On March 11, 1979, Randy Holt of Los Angeles, playing against Philadelphia, was
assessed nine penalties, drawing 67 minutes, in one altercation. Holt was handed
one minor, three majors, two 10-minute misconducts and three game misconducts.

Propp, sporting a deep bruise above his right eye, sharply criticized Chelios.

``Naturally, he picked on one of the smallest players on the team,'' the 5-9
Propp said. ``I don't think he'd do that to (6-4) Jim McKenzie. No way.

``He's a terrible person. He's the kind of a guy who would stick your eye out.''

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W mug / Chelios, Chris)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

OPRF officials, Oak Park police investigating 'incident of misconduct' from
off-campus party

BYLINE: Steve Schering, Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


Nov. 21--Oak Park and River Forest High School officials said the school is
investigating an off-campus incident involving students.

In a letter sent to parents by interim Superintendent Joylynn Pruitt, the school
said only that it was investigating an "alleged incident of misconduct." The
statement did not detail the nature of the purported misconduct, nor did it name
the students involved or say exactly when or where the incident took place.

According to Pruitt, the alleged misconduct took place at an off-campus party in
late August. According to the letter, after learning about the incident, the
district referred the matter to the Oak Park Police Department.

Oak Park police officials would not comment on the matter, saying the department
does not "comment on speculations" about whether an investigation is underway.

"That would be a breach of law enforcement protocol that is a cornerstone of
policing in a free society," police said in a statement. "But we also would
never intentionally withhold or delay the release of information related to an
investigation if findings warranted action."

While Oak Park police would not comment, Pruitt said a police department
investigation is "ongoing."

School officials said increasing concerns related to the alleged incident caused
OPRF to open its own investigation as well.

"In light of the district's ongoing investigation and because this matter
pertains to individual students and personnel, the district is unable to release
more specific information," Pruitt wrote. "Based on the district's investigation
findings, appropriate actions will be taken."

sschering@pioneerlocal.com

___ (c)2016 Pioneer Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) Visit Pioneer
Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161121-PIO-OPRF-officials-Oak-Park-police-investigating-incident-of-
misconduct-from-off-campus-party-1121-20161121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PIO


                          Copyright 2016 Pioneer Press


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday

21 officers are disciplined for misconduct

BYLINE: Ben Winslow Deseret News

LENGTH: 538 words


SANDY -- The group that certifies and disciplines police officers is making more
changes to its guidelines for officers' bad behavior.

During the Utah Peace Officer Standards and Training Council's quarterly meeting
on Monday, council members voted to make consensual sexual misconduct on duty
and lying to POST or internal affairs investigators offenses that could merit a
three-year certification suspension.

That same day, 21 officers were disciplined for various forms of misconduct,
ranging from drug use and DUI to sexual misconduct, both on and off duty. Some
received suspensions, others had their peace officer certifications revoked.

A few officers challenged the decisions made by POST Council. Former Helper
Police Chief George Zamantakis asked the council to reconsider a decision to
revoke his peace officer certification. The former police chief acknowledged
having an affair with a former secretary and initially lied to POST
investigators about it. He did it to protect her privacy, Zamantakis' attorney
said.

"I made a mistake and I'm wrong," Zamantakis told the council. "There's a lot of
things I wish I'd have done differently."

Zamantakis had the support of his wife, who held his hand as he sat throughout
the meeting.

"He is not only a wonderful man, he is a wonderful officer with lots to offer
the whole community," she said tearfully. "If I can forgive him, I hope that
somewhere you guys can give him a second chance."

The ex-husband of the woman involved in the affair stood and told the POST
Council to hold the chief accountable. Ultimately, the council upheld the
decision to revoke Zamantakis' certification.

The council also handed down a two-year suspension to Blanding Police Chief
Michael Halliday, who was accused of giving POST false information indicating he
had reserve officers on his department who weren't actually there. One reserve
officer was actually in Iraq, another was living in Arizona.

"There was a total of four officers," said POST investigative Lt. Steve Winward.

Halliday initially sought to challenge the suspension, but decided against it
because of health issues, POST attorney Bob Morton told the council.

The council did give a break to Cortney Haggerty, a Salt Lake City police
dispatcher who admitted to once using the drug ecstacy at a New Year's Eve party
7 1/2 years ago.

"I made a mistake," he said. "It turns out it was the biggest mistake of my
life."

Haggerty admitted the one-time drug use in an application to become a police
officer, which sparked the investigation and resulted in his being placed on
administrative leave. His application was denied until 2012, and he asked the
council to reconsider.

Haggerty had the support of Salt Lake police administration and his union, who
noted that he volunteered the information.

"There's probably a lot of people on the police force who have made mistakes,"
said union attorney April Hollingsworth. "To punish people for coming forward
with those mistakes, even if they do violate those policies, what you do is
discourage honesty."

In the end, the council voted to back-date his suspension from the time of drug
use. It will allow him to continue to work toward a career as a police officer.
E-mail: bwinslow@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    December 17, 2005 Saturday Metro Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 243 words


SOUTH BEND

Officer arrested in teen sex case

 An Osceola police officer was arrested Thursday night in connection with
allegations involving a teenage girl.

The St. Joseph County Prosecutor's Office is planning to file charges today
against Ronald Lusk, 50, who remains in the county jail without bond, Prosecutor
Michael Dvorak said.

He said charges being sought are two felony counts of sexual misconduct with a
minor and a misdemeanor charge of furnishing alcohol to a minor.

A Class B felony sexual misconduct charge will allege that between June and
September, Lusk engaged in sexual acts with the girl, then 15, according to
Dvorak.

A Class C felony sexual misconduct count will allege the officer fondled or
touched the girl between May and September, Dvorak said.

Lusk is expected to make his initial court appearance Monday.

SOUTH BEND

Consortium hires new Head Start leader

 Kathy Guajardo, of Hobart, Ind., has been hired as the new director of the Head
Start Consortium of Elkhart and St. Joseph counties.

Guajardo had been deputy director of Geminus Head Start XXI in Merrillville,
Ind., since 2001.

The consortium board approved Guajardo's hiring during its meeting Wednesday.

Guajardo, who has a master's degree in early childhood development from Governor
State University in Illinois, replaces Chris Isaacson, who resigned in
September. Alma Powell has served as interim director since Isaacson's
departure.


LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Where Ethnicity Was Fluid

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; BOOKSHELF; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 570 words


IN ''Bengali Harlem and the Lost Histories of South Asian America'' (Harvard
University Press, $35), Vivek Bald, who teaches writing and digital media at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has produced an engaging account of a
largely untold wave of immigration: Muslims from British India who arrived in
the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Originally, he explains, his title was literal: the focus was on families of
former Bengali seamen who had settled in Upper Manhattan and intermarried. But
the clandestine networks that later evaded restrictions on Asian immigration
spread beyond Harlem. And so did Professor Bald's archival and
boots-on-the-ground research.

''Collectively they used Americans' confusion over their 'race' to their
advantage, developing a fluid and contextual approach to their identity,'' he
writes. ''They were 'white' when they attempted to claim citizenship, 'Hindoo'
when selling exotic goods, 'black' or 'Porto Rican' when disappearing into U.S.
cities or actively attempting to evade the immigration authorities.''
Ultimately, as an epigraph quote from the poet Edouard Glissant elegantly puts
it: ''Each and every identity is extended through a relationship with the
Other.''

Who becomes a rogue cop? Professors Robert J. Kane (Drexel University) and
Michael D. White (Arizona State University) explore the who and why in ''Jammed
Up: Bad Cops, Police Misconduct and the New York City Police Department'' (New
York University Press, $35). Their book is billed as a definitive study of 1,543
officers who committed ''career ending misconduct'' from 1975 to 1996.

They conclude, as Professor Candace McCoy of John Jay College of Criminal
Justice explains in the preface, that misconduct has both individual and
systemic roots. ''Sometimes the barrel itself is rotten and induces good apples
to do bad things,'' she writes.

''Jammed Up'' draws on confidential New York Police Department files, with the
officers described pseudonymously. The authors examined what they call ''a
single cycle of scandal and reform,'' picking up in the wake of the Knapp
Commission on police corruption and ending shortly after the Mollen Commission
report.

The authors found that officers who joined the force when they were older, came
armed with a college degree, generated few official complaints and were promoted
to sergeant were less likely to get ''jammed up'' by the police disciplinary
bureaucracy.

This inside, if somewhat wonky, look at bad cops comes with a powerful corollary
that demands further exploration: ''Good policing is not the absence of police
misconduct.''

Kevin Ryan, the president of Covenant House International, celebrates his
organization's centers for homeless and runaway youths in ''Almost Home: Helping
Kids Move From Homelessness to Hope'' (Wiley, $16.95). Written with Tina Kelley,
a former New York Times reporter, the book vividly tells the stories of several
youths helped by the New York-based organization's shelters, from Alaska to
Newark.

''What is lost as these young people have gone unnoticed?'' Ms. Kelley asks in a
preface. ''It's hard to help someone if you don't know he or she exists. It's
hard for these kids to exist, literally, if more people don't help. And with a
little help and hope received in times of crisis, they can have the independent
and healthy lives they deserve.'' In ''Almost Home,'' the authors bring six of
those young people to life.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/30/nyregion/books-on-bengali-immigrants-rogue-pol
ice-officers-and-homeless-youths.html

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: 'ALMOST HOME': A child and her mother, who received assistance
from Covenant House. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TIMOTHY IVY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 19, 2012 Wednesday

Jail guard faces misconduct trial

BYLINE: Susan Robertson, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 261 words


Dec. 19--WILLIAMSBURG -- A former corrections officer accused of sexual
misconduct with inmates at Virginia Peninsula Regional Jail will face trial
Wednesday in Circuit Court.

Two female inmates at the jail accused Kelly Willhoite, 47, of asking them to
masturbate in front of him, and in one case he allegedly reciprocated. The first
incident reportedly occurred in August 2011, and the victim alleged that
Willhoite touched her inappropriately. The second was reported to the jail in
February and brought the suspected misconduct to light.

Willhoite was arrested in late March and was subsequently fired.

He was charged with misdemeanor indecent exposure for the March incident and
carnal knowledge of a prisoner by a corrections officer for the August incident.
The indecent exposure charge was dropped at a preliminary hearing in June, but
brought back by a grand jury.

At that hearing, the 21-year-old victim in the August incident testified that
she was in the medical cells at the jail when Willhoite allegedly touched her.
She said Willhoite, who was guarding her at the time, persisted in asking her to
masturbate and flash him.

She said she told him no several times, but he reportedly went and
gotfoodtypically unavailable to inmates and tried to bribe her to flash him. She
also accused Willhoite of reaching through the door in the cell used to
passfoodthrough and touching her breasts and privates.

___ (c)2012 The Virginia Gazette (Williamsburg, Va.) Visit The Virginia Gazette
(Williamsburg, Va.) at www.vagazette.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121219-1VG-Jail-guard-faces-misconduct-trial-1219-20121219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2012 The Virginia Gazette


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Virginia: City concluding probe into employee misconduct

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Danville, The State of Virginia has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Danville city officials announced that they are wrapping up their work
in response to misconduct by a small group of employees in one city division.
The process began in 2013, when Danville police uncovered evidence of the
misconduct and conducted a 19-month investigation with assistance from the
Virginia State Police and the Danville Commonwealth's Attorney.





 As the investigation continued, six employees were convicted, and now concludes
with officials instituting several new safeguards to ensure that such problems
will not occur again.



 "The misconduct uncovered fell well short of how we expect our employees to
conduct themselves," Interim Danville City Manager Ken Larking said. "Taxpayers
deserve better than this and, as city leaders, we felt strongly and acted
quickly."



 City senior staff, law enforcement, and outside contractors devoted a great
deal of time to the investigation, including more than 200 hours of interviews,
200 hours reviewing time sheets, 150 hours spent reviewing contracts, and 100
hours reviewing credit card statements. The investigation led to the convictions
of the six employees, all of whom either resigned or were terminated.



 Early in the process, the City brought in the respected accounting firm Brown
Edwards to conduct an audit. Its work and that of City leaders led to new, more
stringent fiscal and oversight procedures to help prevent illegal and improper
activity in the future.



 One such safeguard is a new automatic vehicle location (AVL) system, which
enables City supervisors to monitor in real time where City vehicles are located
and how they are being operated. The system can be set up to send an alert to
supervisors if a vehicle goes outside a specific geographic area or if the
vehicle is not being operating safely. The City is also working to implement an
electronic time and attendance system that would integrate with the AVL system
and the City's financial software package.

 Another protection is the introduction of a whistleblower policy, which allows
employees to immediately and anonymously report wrongdoing by other City workers
or contractors. City officials will receive the tips and take immediate steps to
review all information and make appropriate referrals.



 Today's announcement indicates that much of what needs to be done to properly
respond to these problems, which were uncovered in 2013, is over. City leaders
stressed that they will continue to be vigilant and on the lookout for issues
that could emerge. They are particularly focused on making sure that City
employees put the interests of Danville residents first.



 "The vast majority of Danville employees believe that working for the City is a
public trust," Larking said. "We simply will not tolerate employees who take
advantage of taxpayers by engaging in unethical or illegal behavior that
violates that trust."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Virginia: City concluding probe into employee misconduct

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Danville, The State of Virginia has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Danville city officials announced that they are wrapping up their work
in response to misconduct by a small group of employees in one city division.
The process began in 2013, when Danville police uncovered evidence of the
misconduct and conducted a 19-month investigation with assistance from the
Virginia State Police and the Danville Commonwealth's Attorney.





 As the investigation continued, six employees were convicted, and now concludes
with officials instituting several new safeguards to ensure that such problems
will not occur again.



 "The misconduct uncovered fell well short of how we expect our employees to
conduct themselves," Interim Danville City Manager Ken Larking said. "Taxpayers
deserve better than this and, as city leaders, we felt strongly and acted
quickly."



 City senior staff, law enforcement, and outside contractors devoted a great
deal of time to the investigation, including more than 200 hours of interviews,
200 hours reviewing time sheets, 150 hours spent reviewing contracts, and 100
hours reviewing credit card statements. The investigation led to the convictions
of the six employees, all of whom either resigned or were terminated.



 Early in the process, the City brought in the respected accounting firm Brown
Edwards to conduct an audit. Its work and that of City leaders led to new, more
stringent fiscal and oversight procedures to help prevent illegal and improper
activity in the future.



 One such safeguard is a new automatic vehicle location (AVL) system, which
enables City supervisors to monitor in real time where City vehicles are located
and how they are being operated. The system can be set up to send an alert to
supervisors if a vehicle goes outside a specific geographic area or if the
vehicle is not being operating safely. The City is also working to implement an
electronic time and attendance system that would integrate with the AVL system
and the City's financial software package.

 Another protection is the introduction of a whistleblower policy, which allows
employees to immediately and anonymously report wrongdoing by other City workers
or contractors. City officials will receive the tips and take immediate steps to
review all information and make appropriate referrals.



 Today's announcement indicates that much of what needs to be done to properly
respond to these problems, which were uncovered in 2013, is over. City leaders
stressed that they will continue to be vigilant and on the lookout for issues
that could emerge. They are particularly focused on making sure that City
employees put the interests of Danville residents first.



 "The vast majority of Danville employees believe that working for the City is a
public trust," Larking said. "We simply will not tolerate employees who take
advantage of taxpayers by engaging in unethical or illegal behavior that
violates that trust."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    December 28, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

NHL Notebook

BYLINE: HERALD NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 395 words


League Rescinds Lindros Penalty

Philadelphia Flyers captain Eric Lindros will be on the ice tonight against the
San Jose Sharks.

Sunday morning, National Hockey League disciplinarian Colin Campbell phoned
Flyers coach Roger Neilson in Chicago to say he was rescinding the game-
misconduct penalty charged to Lindros in the Flyers' 3-2 victory Saturday night
against the Blackhawks.

"They've cleared him to play," Neilson said. "They looked at a tape Saturday
night, so we didn't have to send them one. They said they're sending a fax to
confirm that Eric can play."

Late in the second period, Lindros and Chris Chelios raced into the Hawks' end
chasing a loose puck. Lindros, trying to avoid an icing call, swung his stick to
cross over Chelios's stick to get to the puck first, which he did. Chelios went
hard into the backboards and crumbled to the ice, clutching his right wrist.
Referee Dave Jackson did not signal a penalty, but when Bob Probert attacked
Lindros from behind and play stopped, Jackson conferred with his linesmen and
assessed Lindros a five-minute major and game misconduct for slashing.

This would have been Lindros's second stick-related game misconduct, so he would
have had to sit tonight under Rule 28, Section G on game misconducts. However,
the videotape clearly shows Lindros never touched Chelios with his stick.

Chelios himself defended Lindros after the game, saying, "I fell into the boards
and jammed my hand."

Meanwhile, Neilson said Mikael Renberg could miss two to four weeks with a
separated left shoulder.

Injured Tkachuk Gets Healthy News

The Phoenix Coyotes were relieved to learn the injury to captain Keith Tkachuk's
right knee was not as serious as originally suspected.

An MRI revealed a sprained medial collateral ligament. Tkachuk could return
either today against the Los Angeles Kings or Wednesday against the New York
Rangers.

"I guess it's good news," Tkachuk told the Arizona Republic. "I mean, I'm happy
it's not worse, but I'm not happy about having to miss any games. But I thought
it was going to be a lot worse. I really did."

Tkachuk, who leads the team with 17 goals, said he was worried he tore his MCL
after being hit by Detroit Red Wings forward Kris Draper. Yet Tkachuk stayed in
the game and scored a goal and assisted on another in a 6-2 victory over the Red
Wings.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Eric Lindros

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Oregon: Press Releases from the City of Newberg

LENGTH: 3270  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Salem: The City of Newberg, Oregon has issued the following news release:


 The City of Newberg has concluded its review into whether the Police
Department, and in particular, Chief Brian Casey, had engaged in any misconduct.
The City has found no misconduct by the Police Department or by Chief Casey. The
alleged misconduct brought forward by former City Manager, Jacque Betz, was the
basis for placing Chief Casey on administrative leave pending an assessment of
the Police Department. The allegations included:




  Hostile work environment

  Verbal abuse

  Firearms qualifications deficiencies

  Excessive force

  Modification of use of force forms

  Modification of a shotgun for personal use

 The City determined there was no misconduct concerning the above allegations.
The review did highlight the need for clear City policies regarding Department
Head&rsquo;s use of City equipment. That is an issue that will be explored more
and addressed in the future. City Manager Pro Tem, Steve Rhodes, said, &ldquo;We
are glad to put these issues to rest and are confident Chief Casey will continue
his great work for the City of Newberg.&rdquo; Chief Casey responded similarly,
&ldquo;I am relieved these lingering issues have been concluded. While I knew
that there was no merit to these allegations, having them finally resolved is
like a weight being lifted.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;The City Council realizes that this has been a difficult time for the
Chief and his family and wish to express our support of Chief Casey,&rdquo;
Mayor Bob Andrews said. &ldquo;The Chief&rsquo;s twenty plus years of service to
the community has been outstanding and greatly appreciated by the Council and
residents of Newberg and we look forward to the continued dedicated service of
Chief Casey&rdquo;.
 The City is awaiting the results of an assessment of the Police Department
which was supported by the Police union as well as the Police Administration.
&ldquo;The assessment is a valuable tool to determine what things the Police
Department is doing well and areas where it may improve,&rdquo; said Rhodes.
Chief Casey added, &ldquo;I am excited about seeing the assessment results and
look forward to the opportunity to improve the Police Department in any way I
can. We do great work for the City and want to make sure Police Department
employees feel the same about coming to work&rdquo;.
 ***
 Press Release 15: Newberg-Dundee Police Department Assessment

 Date: August 31, 2015
 The City of Newberg has chosen Strategic Policy Partnership, LLC to perform the
assessment of the Newberg-Dundee Police Department, beginning in late September
2015. The study is expected to be concluded by mid-November.
 The Strategic Policy Partnership, LLC is a nationally prominent,
Massachusetts-based, firm providing managerial assistance to Federal, state and
local governments, with a particular emphasis on policing strategy, operations
and costs. The firm provides a wide range of services, including agency audits
and reviews, performance management systems design, executive recruitment and
selection, resource allocation analyses, policy development, strategic planning
and organizational design, management training and transition coordination. Much
of the firm&rsquo;s work focuses on providing assistance to communities and
their governments (and police agencies) in addressing challenging situations. As
well as, undertaking reviews and audits of police agencies to assist them in
identifying best practices they should consider in improving their
organizational effectiveness.
 Dr. Craig Fraser and Mr. William Tegeler will be the consultants doing the
study. Dr. Fraser has conducted over 250 studies of police agencies, across the
country, of both large and small departments. Fraser has conducted studies in
Corvallis, Eugene, Medford and Ashland. Mr. Tegeler after a long career in
Southern California law enforcement, retiring as commander with the Santa Ana
police department has been consulting and training with departments for more
than 10 years. (Dr. Fraser&rsquo;s and Mr. Tegeler&rsquo;s resumes are attached
below)
 Each member of the department will be given an opportunity to have a private,
confidential interview. The interviews will focus on both the strengths of the
Newberg Police Department and areas where improvements might be made to enhance
organizational effectiveness.
  *  *  *
 Press Release 14: The City and Ms. Betz reached an agreement of separation
 Date: August 28, 2015
 The City of Newberg and Ms. Jacque Betz have reached an agreement of
separation. Ms. Betz resigned as City Manager to allow the City to focus on
other issues. She was appointed as City Manager in June 2014 after a national
search for a new city manager. Ms. Betz was serving as City Manager of the City
of Florence, Oregon.
 From the beginning, Ms. Betz worked very hard for the city and the community.
She was successful in steering the finances of City to overcome the recent
recession. Ms. Betz was implementing a salary survey to bring equity throughout
the organization to unrepresented employees. She recruited and hired a new
finance director, community development director, and interim human resource
director.
 Ms. Betz reached out to the business community and the Chamber of Commerce. She
was interested in economic development as well as downtown revitalization. Ms.
Betz initiated a goal setting process for the City Council by which the City
could focus on the future.
 Some of Ms. Betz&rsquo;s first year accomplishments with the City have been
highlighted below.


  Working with the finance director, she presented a simplified balanced budget
and internally audited fund balances so the city had a true picture of city
finances.

  Through her stewardship, the city received a clean audit, financial statements
were prepared and presented in a timely manner, and a simplified balanced budget
was approved by the budget committee and adopted by the council.

  The city through her guidance was successful in refunding bonds, which
provided a considerable amount of savings (over $800,000) for the city&rsquo;s
taxpayers.

 Ms. Betz&rsquo;s success as city manager is reflected in her first year
performance evaluation, which was ready to be approved by the City Council in
late July. The City Council met with Ms. Betz in Executive Session to discuss
her performance. As a result, the City Council published its findings in an
annual evaluation finding her performance &ldquo;between above standard and
outstanding.&rdquo; The complete evaluation can be found on the city&rsquo;s web
page under City Council Agenda items for the July 20th, 2015 council meeting.
 The City thanks Ms. Betz for her service and dedication to the Newberg
community. Ms. Jacque Betz resigned as City Manager effective August 20, 2015.
  * * *
 Press Release 13: City of Newberg announces status of city manager
 Date: August 17, 2015
 Newberg's city manager announced her willingness to resign, conditioned upon
the Council's approval of the separation agreement.
 During the meeting tonight, the council did approve the separation agreement
and it will be finalized over the next few days. The effective date of the
resignation and other specific details will be released by the city no later
than mid-week.
 We all look forward to getting back to the business of meeting the needs of the
citizens of Newberg.
 Please see the attachments below for Resolution No. 2015-3221.
 * * *
 Press Release 12: City of Newberg Received Oregon State Police Report
 DATE:  August 10, 2015
 Late this afternoon the City of Newberg received the Oregon State Police (OSP)
report. We have forward this information onto our City Councilors for their
review. We &ldquo;The City&rdquo; will not be making any comments on this
document. The council will discuss the report at the August 17th Council
Meeting.
 Following the OSP report (below) is a statement from Police Chief Casey.
 * * *
 August 5, 2015 City of Newberg Press Conference
 If you missed out on today's press conference and would like to listen to it,
go to YLYC for full coverage
http://klycradio.podbean.com/e/080515-newberg-city-hall-press-conference-on-city
-manager-jacque-betz/
 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 11: City of Newberg to Hold Press Conference
 Mayor Bob Andrews, Council President Denise Bacon, City Attorney Truman Stone
and Pro Tem City Manager Terrence Mahr will conduct a press conference
Wednesday, August 5th at 10:00 am at the Public Safety Building 401 E. Third
Street.
 * * *
 Press Release 10: Update
 DATE:  August 3, 2015
 The City of Newberg has received the criminal complaint filed with Yamhill &
Marion County District Attorney&rsquo;s Office. It is a lengthy document. The
City Manager Pro Tem Terrence Mahr has provided a copy to the City Council.
Under Oregon Public Meeting Law, the Council can take no action or discuss
matters as a Council, except in a public meeting.  The City Manager reports
directly to the City Council and only the Council can authorize further
investigation or take employment action.
 The August 3, 2015 Council meeting was canceled several months ago to
accommodate vacation schedules and the cancelation has no relation to any of the
recent issues in the City. The next scheduled council meeting is on August 17,
2015.  It is anticipated that issued related to this new information would be
discussed at that meeting.  Should there be additional developments, the Council
could consider a special meeting at an earlier date.
 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 9: Marion County District Attorney&rsquo;s Office release: No
Criminal Charges for Newberg Manager
 Date: July 31, 2015
 Earlier this morning the Newberg City Attorney received the Marion County
District Attorney&rsquo;s press release via Flash Alert
http://www.flashalertnewswire.net/images/news/2015-07/1416/86604/Declination_Let
ter.pdf. The City did not receive this release prior to it being distributed and
does not have any additional information other than what was included in the
release. The City has requested police reports in an effort to gain insight into
what led to the investigation and to understand how best to move forward.
 &ldquo;We understand the frustration of our citizens in not knowing what is
going on, and frankly we share that frustration&rdquo;, said City Manager Pro
Tem Terry Mahr. &ldquo;We pledge to share as much as we legally can as soon as
we have any information&rdquo;.
 The City Council will hold a council meeting and executive session on August
17th, the earliest possible date due to scheduling issues to discuss next steps.

 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 8: Update
 Date: July 29, 2015
 Criminal Investigation of the City Manager

 The City has no information on the investigation. Please contact the Marion
County District Attorney&rsquo;s Office for all inquiry.
 Police Department Assessment

 We are working hard to get an assessment started. The City has not chosen an
assessor yet. We are working with the Police Chief and Union representatives to
select an appropriate assessor and ensure all stakeholders concerns are
addressed in the process. The City hopes to have more information by Friday,
July 31, 2015, when we have an update on the process we will share that
information.
 Council Meeting/Executive Session

 Executive Session is tentatively scheduled for August 17, 2015, which is the
next regular council meeting.
  * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 7: Chief Casey taken off administrative leave
 DATE:   July 24, 2015
 FROM: The Mayor and City Manager Pro Tem,

 With the concurrence of the Newberg City Council, and The Newberg-Dundee Police
Association
 The past week has been difficult for the City of Newberg and the broader
community.  We have seen the best in citizens who respectfully participated in
the democratic process and expressed their concerns to their elected officials.
We understand the citizen&rsquo;s desire and need for information. Rest assured,
your voices have been heard.
 The Newberg City Charter is the equivalent of a city constitution.  Voters in
the 2006 General Election adopted the current version.  Voters adopted a City
Manager form of government, in which the Council hires and supervises three
positions: City Manager, City Attorney and Municipal Judge.  Only the City
Manager may appoint, supervise and remove city employees.  The Council may
discuss or suggest city business with the City Manager in council meetings, but
the Charter prohibits the Council from making employment decisions regarding
city employees or in any way coercing such decisions.
 Within this framework, the City Manager is not required to notify the Council
before placing an employee on leave.  The Council was surprised as many of you
were when informed by the City Manager she was placing Chief Casey on
administrative leave without explanation.  Although it is impossible to know for
certain, had the Council been consulted earlier in the process, a different
course of action may have occurred.  This has been stressful on all involved,
including Chief Casey and his extended family.
 Today, the City Manager Pro Tem has taken Police Chief Brian Casey off
administrative leave.  With the cooperation and support of Chief Casey, a new
and different approach will be taken under the direction of outside legal
counsel.  The purpose will be to assess indications that there may be room for
improvement in the communications and relationships within our Police
Department.  The assessments made will serve to reinforce what is working well
in the police department and where improvements may be made, if any.  This
process is one in which the Police Chief does not need to be on administrative
leave.  Both Chief Casey and City Manager Pro Tem Terry Mahr look forward to
working collaboratively and cooperatively to ensure the Police Department is a
rewarding place to work and thrive for all.
 Drew Boggs, spokesperson for the Newberg-Dundee Safety Public Association
stated that the Association &ldquo;supports moving quickly and believes a fair
and impartial assessment is necessary and warranted.  The Association is
dedicated to providing the best police services to the community."
 The City of Newberg strives to provide its citizens the best service possible,
while retaining those special qualities that make Newberg a unique community and
special place for City employees to work.
 City Manager Betz will remain on administrative leave until the City knows more
about the criminal investigation conducted by the Marion County District
Attorney&rsquo;s office.  All questions regarding this investigation should be
directed to the office of the Marion County District Attorney.
 * * *
 Press Release 6: Mahr appointment by City Council
 The Newberg City Council met Thursday, July 23 and approved the appointment of
Terry Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 Mr. Mahr worked previously as the City Attorney for Newberg for 26 years and
retired in 2013. During his employment with the City of Newberg, Mr. Mahr also
served in the capacity of City Manager Pro Tem on a number of occasions.
 The appointment was made at the recommendation of City Attorney Truman Stone
who advised the Council that he could not serve as both a City Manager and City
Attorney due to irreconcilable conflicts between the duties of each office. He
recommended the Council appoint a City Manager Pro Tem.
 Mr. Mahr begins work on Friday, July 24, 2015.
 * * *
 Press Release 5: Correction - City will consider appointing Terrence D. Mahr as
City Manager Pro Tem
 The City Council of Newberg will meet in Special Session on Thursday, July 23rd
at 7:00 p.m. at the City&rsquo;s Public Safety Building, 401 E. Third Street,
Newberg to consider appointing Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 The Agenda for the meeting is available on the City of Newberg&rsquo;s website
at http://www.newbergoregon.gov/meetings.
 * * *
 Press Release 5: City will appoint Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem
 The City Council of Newberg will meet in Special Session on Thursday, July 23rd
at 7:00 p.m. at the City&rsquo;s Public Safety Building, 401 E. First Street,
Newberg to appoint Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 The Agenda for the meeting is available on the City of Newberg&rsquo;s website
at http://www.newbergoregon.gov/meetings.
 * * *
 Press Release 4: Attorney Lyon assumes responsibility for Newberg-Dundee Police
Department Assessment
 Tuesday, July 21, 2015 Todd A. Lyon, an attorney with Fisher & Phillips, LLC,
assumed responsibility for the Newberg-Dundee Police Department assessment. Mr.
Lyon brings both substantial experience and an independent perspective to this
matter. The City of Newberg will continue to ensure that all employees are
treated fairly in this process. Once the assessment has been complete Lyon will
prepare a report for the City&rsquo;s review.
 Todd Lyon has been a labor lawyer for nearly 20 years, representing public and
private sector employers in labor negotiations, labor arbitrations, and
employment litigation.
 To find out more information on Todd Lyon go to:
https://www.laborlawyers.com/tlyon
 * * *
 Press Release 3: Update City Manager Betz Investigation
 This afternoon Nancy McDonald, Interim Human Resource Director, Mayor Bob
Andrews and Truman Stone, City Attorney &ndash; Interim Pro-Tem City Manager met
with the Oregon State Police to discuss the City Manager investigation. Further
information will be provided through the Marion County District Attorney&rsquo;s
Office.
 July 20, 2015[#x200b]
 * * *
 Press Release 2: Update on Paid Administrative leave for both Police Chief
Casey and City Manager Betz
 July 20, 2015
 12:15 pm
 The City of Newberg is conducting an assessment of its Police Department and
has hired an independent consultant to perform the assessment. This assessment
is administrative. This is not a criminal investigation. Consultants are not
able to conduct criminal investigations, only law enforcement.  Had this been a
criminal investigation, it would have been turned over to the Oregon State
Police.
 During this assessment, the Police Chief has been put on routine, paid
administrative leave. Captain Chris Bolek will be Acting in Command for the
Newberg-Dundee Police Department. Capt. Bolek is a 30 year veteran of the
Newberg-Dundee Police force.
 This morning the City Council placed City Manager Betz on paid administrative
leave.  Under the succession plan, the City Attorney, Truman Stone will serve as
City Manager Pro Tem. Stone has been an attorney since 1992 and was hired as the
City Attorney in October 2013. &ldquo;The District Attorney has not contacted
the City Attorney&rsquo;s office.  The only information I have about this
situation is the press release issued by DA Berry&rdquo; says City Attorney
Stone - City Manager Pro Tem.
 * * *
 Press Release 1
 July 20, 2015
 This morning the City Council held an emergency meeting to discuss the status
of the City Manager in light of the investigation by the District
Attorney&rsquo;s office.  Jacque Betz was placed on paid, administrative leave,
which is the standard protocol for such situations.
 Under the succession plan, the City Attorney, Truman Stone will serve as City
Manager Pro Tem. Stone has been an attorney since 1992, and practiced in Newberg
and before being hired as the City Attorney in October 2013.
 Captain Chris Bolek will be Acting in Command for the Newberg-Dundee Police
Department. Capt. Bolek is a 30 year veteran of the Newberg-Dundee Police force.

 The City will remain open for business.
 Another press release will sent out at 11:30 am.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Oregon: Press Releases from the City of Newberg

LENGTH: 3270  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Salem: The City of Newberg, Oregon has issued the following news release:


 The City of Newberg has concluded its review into whether the Police
Department, and in particular, Chief Brian Casey, had engaged in any misconduct.
The City has found no misconduct by the Police Department or by Chief Casey. The
alleged misconduct brought forward by former City Manager, Jacque Betz, was the
basis for placing Chief Casey on administrative leave pending an assessment of
the Police Department. The allegations included:




  Hostile work environment

  Verbal abuse

  Firearms qualifications deficiencies

  Excessive force

  Modification of use of force forms

  Modification of a shotgun for personal use

 The City determined there was no misconduct concerning the above allegations.
The review did highlight the need for clear City policies regarding Department
Head&rsquo;s use of City equipment. That is an issue that will be explored more
and addressed in the future. City Manager Pro Tem, Steve Rhodes, said, &ldquo;We
are glad to put these issues to rest and are confident Chief Casey will continue
his great work for the City of Newberg.&rdquo; Chief Casey responded similarly,
&ldquo;I am relieved these lingering issues have been concluded. While I knew
that there was no merit to these allegations, having them finally resolved is
like a weight being lifted.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;The City Council realizes that this has been a difficult time for the
Chief and his family and wish to express our support of Chief Casey,&rdquo;
Mayor Bob Andrews said. &ldquo;The Chief&rsquo;s twenty plus years of service to
the community has been outstanding and greatly appreciated by the Council and
residents of Newberg and we look forward to the continued dedicated service of
Chief Casey&rdquo;.
 The City is awaiting the results of an assessment of the Police Department
which was supported by the Police union as well as the Police Administration.
&ldquo;The assessment is a valuable tool to determine what things the Police
Department is doing well and areas where it may improve,&rdquo; said Rhodes.
Chief Casey added, &ldquo;I am excited about seeing the assessment results and
look forward to the opportunity to improve the Police Department in any way I
can. We do great work for the City and want to make sure Police Department
employees feel the same about coming to work&rdquo;.
 ***
 Press Release 15: Newberg-Dundee Police Department Assessment

 Date: August 31, 2015
 The City of Newberg has chosen Strategic Policy Partnership, LLC to perform the
assessment of the Newberg-Dundee Police Department, beginning in late September
2015. The study is expected to be concluded by mid-November.
 The Strategic Policy Partnership, LLC is a nationally prominent,
Massachusetts-based, firm providing managerial assistance to Federal, state and
local governments, with a particular emphasis on policing strategy, operations
and costs. The firm provides a wide range of services, including agency audits
and reviews, performance management systems design, executive recruitment and
selection, resource allocation analyses, policy development, strategic planning
and organizational design, management training and transition coordination. Much
of the firm&rsquo;s work focuses on providing assistance to communities and
their governments (and police agencies) in addressing challenging situations. As
well as, undertaking reviews and audits of police agencies to assist them in
identifying best practices they should consider in improving their
organizational effectiveness.
 Dr. Craig Fraser and Mr. William Tegeler will be the consultants doing the
study. Dr. Fraser has conducted over 250 studies of police agencies, across the
country, of both large and small departments. Fraser has conducted studies in
Corvallis, Eugene, Medford and Ashland. Mr. Tegeler after a long career in
Southern California law enforcement, retiring as commander with the Santa Ana
police department has been consulting and training with departments for more
than 10 years. (Dr. Fraser&rsquo;s and Mr. Tegeler&rsquo;s resumes are attached
below)
 Each member of the department will be given an opportunity to have a private,
confidential interview. The interviews will focus on both the strengths of the
Newberg Police Department and areas where improvements might be made to enhance
organizational effectiveness.
  *  *  *
 Press Release 14: The City and Ms. Betz reached an agreement of separation
 Date: August 28, 2015
 The City of Newberg and Ms. Jacque Betz have reached an agreement of
separation. Ms. Betz resigned as City Manager to allow the City to focus on
other issues. She was appointed as City Manager in June 2014 after a national
search for a new city manager. Ms. Betz was serving as City Manager of the City
of Florence, Oregon.
 From the beginning, Ms. Betz worked very hard for the city and the community.
She was successful in steering the finances of City to overcome the recent
recession. Ms. Betz was implementing a salary survey to bring equity throughout
the organization to unrepresented employees. She recruited and hired a new
finance director, community development director, and interim human resource
director.
 Ms. Betz reached out to the business community and the Chamber of Commerce. She
was interested in economic development as well as downtown revitalization. Ms.
Betz initiated a goal setting process for the City Council by which the City
could focus on the future.
 Some of Ms. Betz&rsquo;s first year accomplishments with the City have been
highlighted below.


  Working with the finance director, she presented a simplified balanced budget
and internally audited fund balances so the city had a true picture of city
finances.

  Through her stewardship, the city received a clean audit, financial statements
were prepared and presented in a timely manner, and a simplified balanced budget
was approved by the budget committee and adopted by the council.

  The city through her guidance was successful in refunding bonds, which
provided a considerable amount of savings (over $800,000) for the city&rsquo;s
taxpayers.

 Ms. Betz&rsquo;s success as city manager is reflected in her first year
performance evaluation, which was ready to be approved by the City Council in
late July. The City Council met with Ms. Betz in Executive Session to discuss
her performance. As a result, the City Council published its findings in an
annual evaluation finding her performance &ldquo;between above standard and
outstanding.&rdquo; The complete evaluation can be found on the city&rsquo;s web
page under City Council Agenda items for the July 20th, 2015 council meeting.
 The City thanks Ms. Betz for her service and dedication to the Newberg
community. Ms. Jacque Betz resigned as City Manager effective August 20, 2015.
  * * *
 Press Release 13: City of Newberg announces status of city manager
 Date: August 17, 2015
 Newberg's city manager announced her willingness to resign, conditioned upon
the Council's approval of the separation agreement.
 During the meeting tonight, the council did approve the separation agreement
and it will be finalized over the next few days. The effective date of the
resignation and other specific details will be released by the city no later
than mid-week.
 We all look forward to getting back to the business of meeting the needs of the
citizens of Newberg.
 Please see the attachments below for Resolution No. 2015-3221.
 * * *
 Press Release 12: City of Newberg Received Oregon State Police Report
 DATE:  August 10, 2015
 Late this afternoon the City of Newberg received the Oregon State Police (OSP)
report. We have forward this information onto our City Councilors for their
review. We &ldquo;The City&rdquo; will not be making any comments on this
document. The council will discuss the report at the August 17th Council
Meeting.
 Following the OSP report (below) is a statement from Police Chief Casey.
 * * *
 August 5, 2015 City of Newberg Press Conference
 If you missed out on today's press conference and would like to listen to it,
go to YLYC for full coverage
http://klycradio.podbean.com/e/080515-newberg-city-hall-press-conference-on-city
-manager-jacque-betz/
 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 11: City of Newberg to Hold Press Conference
 Mayor Bob Andrews, Council President Denise Bacon, City Attorney Truman Stone
and Pro Tem City Manager Terrence Mahr will conduct a press conference
Wednesday, August 5th at 10:00 am at the Public Safety Building 401 E. Third
Street.
 * * *
 Press Release 10: Update
 DATE:  August 3, 2015
 The City of Newberg has received the criminal complaint filed with Yamhill &
Marion County District Attorney&rsquo;s Office. It is a lengthy document. The
City Manager Pro Tem Terrence Mahr has provided a copy to the City Council.
Under Oregon Public Meeting Law, the Council can take no action or discuss
matters as a Council, except in a public meeting.  The City Manager reports
directly to the City Council and only the Council can authorize further
investigation or take employment action.
 The August 3, 2015 Council meeting was canceled several months ago to
accommodate vacation schedules and the cancelation has no relation to any of the
recent issues in the City. The next scheduled council meeting is on August 17,
2015.  It is anticipated that issued related to this new information would be
discussed at that meeting.  Should there be additional developments, the Council
could consider a special meeting at an earlier date.
 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 9: Marion County District Attorney&rsquo;s Office release: No
Criminal Charges for Newberg Manager
 Date: July 31, 2015
 Earlier this morning the Newberg City Attorney received the Marion County
District Attorney&rsquo;s press release via Flash Alert
http://www.flashalertnewswire.net/images/news/2015-07/1416/86604/Declination_Let
ter.pdf. The City did not receive this release prior to it being distributed and
does not have any additional information other than what was included in the
release. The City has requested police reports in an effort to gain insight into
what led to the investigation and to understand how best to move forward.
 &ldquo;We understand the frustration of our citizens in not knowing what is
going on, and frankly we share that frustration&rdquo;, said City Manager Pro
Tem Terry Mahr. &ldquo;We pledge to share as much as we legally can as soon as
we have any information&rdquo;.
 The City Council will hold a council meeting and executive session on August
17th, the earliest possible date due to scheduling issues to discuss next steps.

 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 8: Update
 Date: July 29, 2015
 Criminal Investigation of the City Manager

 The City has no information on the investigation. Please contact the Marion
County District Attorney&rsquo;s Office for all inquiry.
 Police Department Assessment

 We are working hard to get an assessment started. The City has not chosen an
assessor yet. We are working with the Police Chief and Union representatives to
select an appropriate assessor and ensure all stakeholders concerns are
addressed in the process. The City hopes to have more information by Friday,
July 31, 2015, when we have an update on the process we will share that
information.
 Council Meeting/Executive Session

 Executive Session is tentatively scheduled for August 17, 2015, which is the
next regular council meeting.
  * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 7: Chief Casey taken off administrative leave
 DATE:   July 24, 2015
 FROM: The Mayor and City Manager Pro Tem,

 With the concurrence of the Newberg City Council, and The Newberg-Dundee Police
Association
 The past week has been difficult for the City of Newberg and the broader
community.  We have seen the best in citizens who respectfully participated in
the democratic process and expressed their concerns to their elected officials.
We understand the citizen&rsquo;s desire and need for information. Rest assured,
your voices have been heard.
 The Newberg City Charter is the equivalent of a city constitution.  Voters in
the 2006 General Election adopted the current version.  Voters adopted a City
Manager form of government, in which the Council hires and supervises three
positions: City Manager, City Attorney and Municipal Judge.  Only the City
Manager may appoint, supervise and remove city employees.  The Council may
discuss or suggest city business with the City Manager in council meetings, but
the Charter prohibits the Council from making employment decisions regarding
city employees or in any way coercing such decisions.
 Within this framework, the City Manager is not required to notify the Council
before placing an employee on leave.  The Council was surprised as many of you
were when informed by the City Manager she was placing Chief Casey on
administrative leave without explanation.  Although it is impossible to know for
certain, had the Council been consulted earlier in the process, a different
course of action may have occurred.  This has been stressful on all involved,
including Chief Casey and his extended family.
 Today, the City Manager Pro Tem has taken Police Chief Brian Casey off
administrative leave.  With the cooperation and support of Chief Casey, a new
and different approach will be taken under the direction of outside legal
counsel.  The purpose will be to assess indications that there may be room for
improvement in the communications and relationships within our Police
Department.  The assessments made will serve to reinforce what is working well
in the police department and where improvements may be made, if any.  This
process is one in which the Police Chief does not need to be on administrative
leave.  Both Chief Casey and City Manager Pro Tem Terry Mahr look forward to
working collaboratively and cooperatively to ensure the Police Department is a
rewarding place to work and thrive for all.
 Drew Boggs, spokesperson for the Newberg-Dundee Safety Public Association
stated that the Association &ldquo;supports moving quickly and believes a fair
and impartial assessment is necessary and warranted.  The Association is
dedicated to providing the best police services to the community."
 The City of Newberg strives to provide its citizens the best service possible,
while retaining those special qualities that make Newberg a unique community and
special place for City employees to work.
 City Manager Betz will remain on administrative leave until the City knows more
about the criminal investigation conducted by the Marion County District
Attorney&rsquo;s office.  All questions regarding this investigation should be
directed to the office of the Marion County District Attorney.
 * * *
 Press Release 6: Mahr appointment by City Council
 The Newberg City Council met Thursday, July 23 and approved the appointment of
Terry Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 Mr. Mahr worked previously as the City Attorney for Newberg for 26 years and
retired in 2013. During his employment with the City of Newberg, Mr. Mahr also
served in the capacity of City Manager Pro Tem on a number of occasions.
 The appointment was made at the recommendation of City Attorney Truman Stone
who advised the Council that he could not serve as both a City Manager and City
Attorney due to irreconcilable conflicts between the duties of each office. He
recommended the Council appoint a City Manager Pro Tem.
 Mr. Mahr begins work on Friday, July 24, 2015.
 * * *
 Press Release 5: Correction - City will consider appointing Terrence D. Mahr as
City Manager Pro Tem
 The City Council of Newberg will meet in Special Session on Thursday, July 23rd
at 7:00 p.m. at the City&rsquo;s Public Safety Building, 401 E. Third Street,
Newberg to consider appointing Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 The Agenda for the meeting is available on the City of Newberg&rsquo;s website
at http://www.newbergoregon.gov/meetings.
 * * *
 Press Release 5: City will appoint Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem
 The City Council of Newberg will meet in Special Session on Thursday, July 23rd
at 7:00 p.m. at the City&rsquo;s Public Safety Building, 401 E. First Street,
Newberg to appoint Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 The Agenda for the meeting is available on the City of Newberg&rsquo;s website
at http://www.newbergoregon.gov/meetings.
 * * *
 Press Release 4: Attorney Lyon assumes responsibility for Newberg-Dundee Police
Department Assessment
 Tuesday, July 21, 2015 Todd A. Lyon, an attorney with Fisher & Phillips, LLC,
assumed responsibility for the Newberg-Dundee Police Department assessment. Mr.
Lyon brings both substantial experience and an independent perspective to this
matter. The City of Newberg will continue to ensure that all employees are
treated fairly in this process. Once the assessment has been complete Lyon will
prepare a report for the City&rsquo;s review.
 Todd Lyon has been a labor lawyer for nearly 20 years, representing public and
private sector employers in labor negotiations, labor arbitrations, and
employment litigation.
 To find out more information on Todd Lyon go to:
https://www.laborlawyers.com/tlyon
 * * *
 Press Release 3: Update City Manager Betz Investigation
 This afternoon Nancy McDonald, Interim Human Resource Director, Mayor Bob
Andrews and Truman Stone, City Attorney &ndash; Interim Pro-Tem City Manager met
with the Oregon State Police to discuss the City Manager investigation. Further
information will be provided through the Marion County District Attorney&rsquo;s
Office.
 July 20, 2015[#x200b]
 * * *
 Press Release 2: Update on Paid Administrative leave for both Police Chief
Casey and City Manager Betz
 July 20, 2015
 12:15 pm
 The City of Newberg is conducting an assessment of its Police Department and
has hired an independent consultant to perform the assessment. This assessment
is administrative. This is not a criminal investigation. Consultants are not
able to conduct criminal investigations, only law enforcement.  Had this been a
criminal investigation, it would have been turned over to the Oregon State
Police.
 During this assessment, the Police Chief has been put on routine, paid
administrative leave. Captain Chris Bolek will be Acting in Command for the
Newberg-Dundee Police Department. Capt. Bolek is a 30 year veteran of the
Newberg-Dundee Police force.
 This morning the City Council placed City Manager Betz on paid administrative
leave.  Under the succession plan, the City Attorney, Truman Stone will serve as
City Manager Pro Tem. Stone has been an attorney since 1992 and was hired as the
City Attorney in October 2013. &ldquo;The District Attorney has not contacted
the City Attorney&rsquo;s office.  The only information I have about this
situation is the press release issued by DA Berry&rdquo; says City Attorney
Stone - City Manager Pro Tem.
 * * *
 Press Release 1
 July 20, 2015
 This morning the City Council held an emergency meeting to discuss the status
of the City Manager in light of the investigation by the District
Attorney&rsquo;s office.  Jacque Betz was placed on paid, administrative leave,
which is the standard protocol for such situations.
 Under the succession plan, the City Attorney, Truman Stone will serve as City
Manager Pro Tem. Stone has been an attorney since 1992, and practiced in Newberg
and before being hired as the City Attorney in October 2013.
 Captain Chris Bolek will be Acting in Command for the Newberg-Dundee Police
Department. Capt. Bolek is a 30 year veteran of the Newberg-Dundee Police force.

 The City will remain open for business.
 Another press release will sent out at 11:30 am.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Oregon: Press Releases from the City of Newberg

LENGTH: 3246 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Salem: The City of Newberg, Oregon has issued the following news release:


 The City of Newberg has concluded its review into whether the Police
Department, and in particular, Chief Brian Casey, had engaged in any misconduct.
The City has found no misconduct by the Police Department or by Chief Casey. The
alleged misconduct brought forward by former City Manager, Jacque Betz, was the
basis for placing Chief Casey on administrative leave pending an assessment of
the Police Department. The allegations included:




  Hostile work environment

  Verbal abuse

  Firearms qualifications deficiencies

  Excessive force

  Modification of use of force forms

  Modification of a shotgun for personal use

 The City determined there was no misconduct concerning the above allegations.
The review did highlight the need for clear City policies regarding Department
Head's use of City equipment. That is an issue that will be explored more and
addressed in the future. City Manager Pro Tem, Steve Rhodes, said, &ldquo;We are
glad to put these issues to rest and are confident Chief Casey will continue his
great work for the City of Newberg.&rdquo; Chief Casey responded similarly,
&ldquo;I am relieved these lingering issues have been concluded. While I knew
that there was no merit to these allegations, having them finally resolved is
like a weight being lifted.&rdquo;
 &ldquo;The City Council realizes that this has been a difficult time for the
Chief and his family and wish to express our support of Chief Casey,&rdquo;
Mayor Bob Andrews said. &ldquo;The Chief's twenty plus years of service to the
community has been outstanding and greatly appreciated by the Council and
residents of Newberg and we look forward to the continued dedicated service of
Chief Casey&rdquo;.
 The City is awaiting the results of an assessment of the Police Department
which was supported by the Police union as well as the Police Administration.
&ldquo;The assessment is a valuable tool to determine what things the Police
Department is doing well and areas where it may improve,&rdquo; said Rhodes.
Chief Casey added, &ldquo;I am excited about seeing the assessment results and
look forward to the opportunity to improve the Police Department in any way I
can. We do great work for the City and want to make sure Police Department
employees feel the same about coming to work&rdquo;.
 ***
 Press Release 15: Newberg-Dundee Police Department Assessment

 Date: August 31, 2015
 The City of Newberg has chosen Strategic Policy Partnership, LLC to perform the
assessment of the Newberg-Dundee Police Department, beginning in late September
2015. The study is expected to be concluded by mid-November.
 The Strategic Policy Partnership, LLC is a nationally prominent,
Massachusetts-based, firm providing managerial assistance to Federal, state and
local governments, with a particular emphasis on policing strategy, operations
and costs. The firm provides a wide range of services, including agency audits
and reviews, performance management systems design, executive recruitment and
selection, resource allocation analyses, policy development, strategic planning
and organizational design, management training and transition coordination. Much
of the firm's work focuses on providing assistance to communities and their
governments (and police agencies) in addressing challenging situations. As well
as, undertaking reviews and audits of police agencies to assist them in
identifying best practices they should consider in improving their
organizational effectiveness.
 Dr. Craig Fraser and Mr. William Tegeler will be the consultants doing the
study. Dr. Fraser has conducted over 250 studies of police agencies, across the
country, of both large and small departments. Fraser has conducted studies in
Corvallis, Eugene, Medford and Ashland. Mr. Tegeler after a long career in
Southern California law enforcement, retiring as commander with the Santa Ana
police department has been consulting and training with departments for more
than 10 years. (Dr. Fraser's and Mr. Tegeler's resumes are attached below)
 Each member of the department will be given an opportunity to have a private,
confidential interview. The interviews will focus on both the strengths of the
Newberg Police Department and areas where improvements might be made to enhance
organizational effectiveness.
  *  *  *
 Press Release 14: The City and Ms. Betz reached an agreement of separation
 Date: August 28, 2015
 The City of Newberg and Ms. Jacque Betz have reached an agreement of
separation. Ms. Betz resigned as City Manager to allow the City to focus on
other issues. She was appointed as City Manager in June 2014 after a national
search for a new city manager. Ms. Betz was serving as City Manager of the City
of Florence, Oregon.
 From the beginning, Ms. Betz worked very hard for the city and the community.
She was successful in steering the finances of City to overcome the recent
recession. Ms. Betz was implementing a salary survey to bring equity throughout
the organization to unrepresented employees. She recruited and hired a new
finance director, community development director, and interim human resource
director.
 Ms. Betz reached out to the business community and the Chamber of Commerce. She
was interested in economic development as well as downtown revitalization. Ms.
Betz initiated a goal setting process for the City Council by which the City
could focus on the future.
 Some of Ms. Betz's first year accomplishments with the City have been
highlighted below.


  Working with the finance director, she presented a simplified balanced budget
and internally audited fund balances so the city had a true picture of city
finances.

  Through her stewardship, the city received a clean audit, financial statements
were prepared and presented in a timely manner, and a simplified balanced budget
was approved by the budget committee and adopted by the council.

  The city through her guidance was successful in refunding bonds, which
provided a considerable amount of savings (over $800,000) for the city's
taxpayers.

 Ms. Betz's success as city manager is reflected in her first year performance
evaluation, which was ready to be approved by the City Council in late July. The
City Council met with Ms. Betz in Executive Session to discuss her performance.
As a result, the City Council published its findings in an annual evaluation
finding her performance &ldquo;between above standard and outstanding.&rdquo;
The complete evaluation can be found on the city's web page under City Council
Agenda items for the July 20th, 2015 council meeting.
 The City thanks Ms. Betz for her service and dedication to the Newberg
community. Ms. Jacque Betz resigned as City Manager effective August 20, 2015.
  * * *
 Press Release 13: City of Newberg announces status of city manager
 Date: August 17, 2015
 Newberg's city manager announced her willingness to resign, conditioned upon
the Council's approval of the separation agreement.
 During the meeting tonight, the council did approve the separation agreement
and it will be finalized over the next few days. The effective date of the
resignation and other specific details will be released by the city no later
than mid-week.
 We all look forward to getting back to the business of meeting the needs of the
citizens of Newberg.
 Please see the attachments below for Resolution No. 2015-3221.
 * * *
 Press Release 12: City of Newberg Received Oregon State Police Report
 DATE:  August 10, 2015
 Late this afternoon the City of Newberg received the Oregon State Police (OSP)
report. We have forward this information onto our City Councilors for their
review. We &ldquo;The City&rdquo; will not be making any comments on this
document. The council will discuss the report at the August 17th Council
Meeting.
 Following the OSP report (below) is a statement from Police Chief Casey.
 * * *
 August 5, 2015 City of Newberg Press Conference
 If you missed out on today's press conference and would like to listen to it,
go to YLYC for full coverage
http://klycradio.podbean.com/e/080515-newberg-city-hall-press-conference-on-city
-manager-jacque-betz/
 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 11: City of Newberg to Hold Press Conference
 Mayor Bob Andrews, Council President Denise Bacon, City Attorney Truman Stone
and Pro Tem City Manager Terrence Mahr will conduct a press conference
Wednesday, August 5th at 10:00 am at the Public Safety Building 401 E. Third
Street.
 * * *
 Press Release 10: Update
 DATE:  August 3, 2015
 The City of Newberg has received the criminal complaint filed with Yamhill &
Marion County District Attorney's Office. It is a lengthy document. The City
Manager Pro Tem Terrence Mahr has provided a copy to the City Council.  Under
Oregon Public Meeting Law, the Council can take no action or discuss matters as
a Council, except in a public meeting.  The City Manager reports directly to the
City Council and only the Council can authorize further investigation or take
employment action.
 The August 3, 2015 Council meeting was canceled several months ago to
accommodate vacation schedules and the cancelation has no relation to any of the
recent issues in the City. The next scheduled council meeting is on August 17,
2015.  It is anticipated that issued related to this new information would be
discussed at that meeting.  Should there be additional developments, the Council
could consider a special meeting at an earlier date.
 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 9: Marion County District Attorney's Office release: No Criminal
Charges for Newberg Manager
 Date: July 31, 2015
 Earlier this morning the Newberg City Attorney received the Marion County
District Attorney's press release via Flash Alert
http://www.flashalertnewswire.net/images/news/2015-07/1416/86604/Declination_Let
ter.pdf. The City did not receive this release prior to it being distributed and
does not have any additional information other than what was included in the
release. The City has requested police reports in an effort to gain insight into
what led to the investigation and to understand how best to move forward.
 &ldquo;We understand the frustration of our citizens in not knowing what is
going on, and frankly we share that frustration&rdquo;, said City Manager Pro
Tem Terry Mahr. &ldquo;We pledge to share as much as we legally can as soon as
we have any information&rdquo;.
 The City Council will hold a council meeting and executive session on August
17th, the earliest possible date due to scheduling issues to discuss next steps.

 * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 8: Update
 Date: July 29, 2015
 Criminal Investigation of the City Manager

 The City has no information on the investigation. Please contact the Marion
County District Attorney's Office for all inquiry.
 Police Department Assessment

 We are working hard to get an assessment started. The City has not chosen an
assessor yet. We are working with the Police Chief and Union representatives to
select an appropriate assessor and ensure all stakeholders concerns are
addressed in the process. The City hopes to have more information by Friday,
July 31, 2015, when we have an update on the process we will share that
information.
 Council Meeting/Executive Session

 Executive Session is tentatively scheduled for August 17, 2015, which is the
next regular council meeting.
  * * *
 PRESS RELEASE 7: Chief Casey taken off administrative leave
 DATE:   July 24, 2015
 FROM: The Mayor and City Manager Pro Tem,

 With the concurrence of the Newberg City Council, and The Newberg-Dundee Police
Association
 The past week has been difficult for the City of Newberg and the broader
community.  We have seen the best in citizens who respectfully participated in
the democratic process and expressed their concerns to their elected officials.
We understand the citizen's desire and need for information. Rest assured, your
voices have been heard.
 The Newberg City Charter is the equivalent of a city constitution.  Voters in
the 2006 General Election adopted the current version.  Voters adopted a City
Manager form of government, in which the Council hires and supervises three
positions: City Manager, City Attorney and Municipal Judge.  Only the City
Manager may appoint, supervise and remove city employees.  The Council may
discuss or suggest city business with the City Manager in council meetings, but
the Charter prohibits the Council from making employment decisions regarding
city employees or in any way coercing such decisions.
 Within this framework, the City Manager is not required to notify the Council
before placing an employee on leave.  The Council was surprised as many of you
were when informed by the City Manager she was placing Chief Casey on
administrative leave without explanation.  Although it is impossible to know for
certain, had the Council been consulted earlier in the process, a different
course of action may have occurred.  This has been stressful on all involved,
including Chief Casey and his extended family.
 Today, the City Manager Pro Tem has taken Police Chief Brian Casey off
administrative leave.  With the cooperation and support of Chief Casey, a new
and different approach will be taken under the direction of outside legal
counsel.  The purpose will be to assess indications that there may be room for
improvement in the communications and relationships within our Police
Department.  The assessments made will serve to reinforce what is working well
in the police department and where improvements may be made, if any.  This
process is one in which the Police Chief does not need to be on administrative
leave.  Both Chief Casey and City Manager Pro Tem Terry Mahr look forward to
working collaboratively and cooperatively to ensure the Police Department is a
rewarding place to work and thrive for all.
 Drew Boggs, spokesperson for the Newberg-Dundee Safety Public Association
stated that the Association &ldquo;supports moving quickly and believes a fair
and impartial assessment is necessary and warranted.  The Association is
dedicated to providing the best police services to the community."
 The City of Newberg strives to provide its citizens the best service possible,
while retaining those special qualities that make Newberg a unique community and
special place for City employees to work.
 City Manager Betz will remain on administrative leave until the City knows more
about the criminal investigation conducted by the Marion County District
Attorney's office.  All questions regarding this investigation should be
directed to the office of the Marion County District Attorney.
 * * *
 Press Release 6: Mahr appointment by City Council
 The Newberg City Council met Thursday, July 23 and approved the appointment of
Terry Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 Mr. Mahr worked previously as the City Attorney for Newberg for 26 years and
retired in 2013. During his employment with the City of Newberg, Mr. Mahr also
served in the capacity of City Manager Pro Tem on a number of occasions.
 The appointment was made at the recommendation of City Attorney Truman Stone
who advised the Council that he could not serve as both a City Manager and City
Attorney due to irreconcilable conflicts between the duties of each office. He
recommended the Council appoint a City Manager Pro Tem.
 Mr. Mahr begins work on Friday, July 24, 2015.
 * * *
 Press Release 5: Correction - City will consider appointing Terrence D. Mahr as
City Manager Pro Tem
 The City Council of Newberg will meet in Special Session on Thursday, July 23rd
at 7:00 p.m. at the City's Public Safety Building, 401 E. Third Street, Newberg
to consider appointing Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 The Agenda for the meeting is available on the City of Newberg's website at
http://www.newbergoregon.gov/meetings.
 * * *
 Press Release 5: City will appoint Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem
 The City Council of Newberg will meet in Special Session on Thursday, July 23rd
at 7:00 p.m. at the City's Public Safety Building, 401 E. First Street, Newberg
to appoint Terrence D. Mahr as City Manager Pro Tem.
 The Agenda for the meeting is available on the City of Newberg's website at
http://www.newbergoregon.gov/meetings.
 * * *
 Press Release 4: Attorney Lyon assumes responsibility for Newberg-Dundee Police
Department Assessment
 Tuesday, July 21, 2015 Todd A. Lyon, an attorney with Fisher & Phillips, LLC,
assumed responsibility for the Newberg-Dundee Police Department assessment. Mr.
Lyon brings both substantial experience and an independent perspective to this
matter. The City of Newberg will continue to ensure that all employees are
treated fairly in this process. Once the assessment has been complete Lyon will
prepare a report for the City's review.
 Todd Lyon has been a labor lawyer for nearly 20 years, representing public and
private sector employers in labor negotiations, labor arbitrations, and
employment litigation.
 To find out more information on Todd Lyon go to:
https://www.laborlawyers.com/tlyon
 * * *
 Press Release 3: Update City Manager Betz Investigation
 This afternoon Nancy McDonald, Interim Human Resource Director, Mayor Bob
Andrews and Truman Stone, City Attorney - Interim Pro-Tem City Manager met with
the Oregon State Police to discuss the City Manager investigation. Further
information will be provided through the Marion County District Attorney's
Office.
 July 20, 2015[#x200b]
 * * *
 Press Release 2: Update on Paid Administrative leave for both Police Chief
Casey and City Manager Betz
 July 20, 2015
 12:15 pm
 The City of Newberg is conducting an assessment of its Police Department and
has hired an independent consultant to perform the assessment. This assessment
is administrative. This is not a criminal investigation. Consultants are not
able to conduct criminal investigations, only law enforcement.  Had this been a
criminal investigation, it would have been turned over to the Oregon State
Police.
 During this assessment, the Police Chief has been put on routine, paid
administrative leave. Captain Chris Bolek will be Acting in Command for the
Newberg-Dundee Police Department. Capt. Bolek is a 30 year veteran of the
Newberg-Dundee Police force.
 This morning the City Council placed City Manager Betz on paid administrative
leave.  Under the succession plan, the City Attorney, Truman Stone will serve as
City Manager Pro Tem. Stone has been an attorney since 1992 and was hired as the
City Attorney in October 2013. &ldquo;The District Attorney has not contacted
the City Attorney's office.  The only information I have about this situation is
the press release issued by DA Berry&rdquo; says City Attorney Stone - City
Manager Pro Tem.
 * * *
 Press Release 1
 July 20, 2015
 This morning the City Council held an emergency meeting to discuss the status
of the City Manager in light of the investigation by the District Attorney's
office.  Jacque Betz was placed on paid, administrative leave, which is the
standard protocol for such situations.
 Under the succession plan, the City Attorney, Truman Stone will serve as City
Manager Pro Tem. Stone has been an attorney since 1992, and practiced in Newberg
and before being hired as the City Attorney in October 2013.
 Captain Chris Bolek will be Acting in Command for the Newberg-Dundee Police
Department. Capt. Bolek is a 30 year veteran of the Newberg-Dundee Police force.

 The City will remain open for business.
 Another press release will sent out at 11:30 am.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 8, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Police to Accept Civilian Panel's Inquiry in Misconduct Cases

BYLINE: By KEVIN FLYNN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 713 words


The New York Police Department will relinquish its role in investigating
misconduct complaints against officers as part of an informal agreement with the
independent panel whose job it is to review such complaints, officials said
yesterday.

The Civilian Complaint Review Board is primarily responsible for investigating
misconduct complaints filed against officers by civilians. But for years, police
officials trying to decide whether to punish an officer routinely reinvestigated
cases already ruled valid by the board.

The department has defended the reinvestigations, saying the board's evidence by
itself was often too weak to pursue administrative sanctions. Critics, however,
said the police reviews undermined the independence of the civilian panel and
delayed the process, without producing stronger cases. Currently, officers are
not disciplined in half the cases in which their conduct has been ruled improper
by the board, mostly because police investigators often throw out the cases for
insufficient evidence.

But Police Commissioner Howard Safir said the quality of investigations by the
civilian board had improved so much that the police no longer needed to
reinvestigate cases. The 16-member unit assigned to those investigations will be
reassigned, he said, and beginning this month the department will rely solely on
the board's work.

Mr. Safir said the decision, which he had been considering for months, was
prompted by a letter he received this week from the board in which the civilian
panel agreed to the broad outlines of how the investigative process would
function.

Under the new system, when the department finds fault with a misconduct case
forwarded by the board it will request that the board's investigators do further
work to prepare the case for trial. When the case is resubmitted to the
department, the final decision on whether to discipline the officer will still
reside with police officials, however.

"This looks like a step forward," said Frank H. Wohl, chairman of the Civilian
Complaint Review Board. "The details remain to be worked out, but I am obviously
pleased that the Police Department recognizes what I believe are the high
quality of C.C.R.B. investigations."

The police disciplinary process has been widely discussed this year because
Federal investigators determined that the department's failure to discipline
officers helped to create an atmosphere that fostered brutality. The United
States Attorney for the Eastern District is considering suing to make the city
enact changes.

Critics contend that Mr. Safir's effort to bolster the civilian complaint
process is intended to present a stricter stance in light of the Federal
investigation. Mr. Safir has denied that charge. Several critics also insist
that Mr. Safir's plan does not go far enough since police officials will retain
the final say on whether to file disciplinary charges.

"As long as the Police Department insists on retaining the right to decide
whether or not to bring charges against an officer," said the Public Advocate,
Mark Green, "it must be willing to tell the C.C.R.B. exactly what evidence is
required before it will proceed. And the department must not require so much
proof that it is impossible to satisfy."

Mr. Safir said that he could not guarantee that every case put forward by the
civilian panel would be prosecuted but that the department intended to pursue
most, even those with which it has had qualms. "If they say that they believe
that what they sent us is adequate, we will take it forward for prosecution," he
said.

Critics, however, have said they fear the department will try to block
disciplinary cases it opposes by repeatedly requesting more investigative work
from the board. The subsequent disciplinary delays, the critics argue, could
then be blamed on the board's blunders instead of the department's reluctance to
punish abusive officers.

But board officials said they had addressed that concern by insisting that the
board must vote on whether to accept a case that the department has sent back
requesting further investigation. If the board decides no further investigation
is required, the case will be shipped back to the department for final action
without delay, officials said.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 28, 1993, Tuesday

NATION IN BRIEF New Texas senator indicted over prior role as treasurer

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 883 words


Just 16 weeks after her election to the U.S. Senate, Kay Bailey Hutchison of
Texas was indicted Monday on charges of misconduct during her 2 1/2 years as
state treasurer. Hutchison, a Republican, was accused along with two aides of
using her treasurer's office for personal use and destroying records as part of
a cover-up.

She denied any wrongdoing and called the charges the product of a politically
motivated investigation by Travis County District Attorney Ronnie Earle, a
Democrat.

"I will win in the end," the senator said. "I think the citizens of Texas see
through this. . . . They see that this is sleazy politics."

Hutchison became the second U.S. senator under indictment. Sen. Dave
Durenberger, a Minnesota Republican, faces federal trial in January on charges
that he illegally claimed reimbursement from the Senate for a Minneapolis
condominium he secretly owned. He announced less than two weeks ago that he
wouldn't seek re-election to a fourth term next year.

Hutchison, 50, is the 10th sitting U.S. senator ever to be indicted. She
defeated appointed Democratic Sen. Bob Krueger in a June 5 special election for
U.S. Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen's former Senate seat. The victory made her
the first Texas woman elected a U.S. senator.

MEDIA

MURDOCH GIVES UP ON POST: Rupert Murdoch's company announced early today that it
is dropping its efforts to buy the New York Post now that editors, reporters and
business employees have gone on strike. The announcement came after other unions
at the tabloid decided to honor the Newspaper Guild's picket line. The guild
went on strike Monday afternoon, saying Murdoch's efforts to save the paper had
threatened their jobs. The guild, which represents editorial, clerical and
advertising workers, was the only union at the Post that had not settled on a
contract with Murdoch. The strike began as reporters streamed out of the
building wearing placards proclaiming, "Guild on Strike."

CRIME

PRISON TERMS DELAYED: The two white former Los Angeles police officers who were
to begin serving their 30-month sentences Monday in the 1991 beating of black
motorist Rodney King were allowed to stay free for at least two more weeks.
Meanwhile, a state jury is to hear closing arguments today in the trial of
Damian Williams and Henry Watson, black men accused of beating Reginald Denny, a
white truck driver, during the 1992 Los Angeles riots that resulted from an
earlier state jury's acquittal of the officers. The temporary release came just
17 minutes before the noon deadline for Sgt. Stacey Koon and Officer Laurence
Powell to surrender to authorities. U.S. District Judge John Davies granted the
delay until Oct. 12 so Koon and Powell could ask the Supreme Court to grant bail
while they pursue appeals. A federal appeals court denied the request last week.
The former officers already had reported to the federal prison camp in Dublin,
Calif., where they were to serve their sentences. Powell had surrendered at the
minimum-security camp Sunday, and Koon showed up there minutes before Davies's
ruling.

PEOPLE

1,000 RALLY AGAINST DEMJANJUK: About 1,000 people rallied in downtown Cleveland
against efforts by accused Nazi guard John Demjanjuk to regain his U.S.
citizenship, and the suburb he calls home sued to block protests outside his
house. Demjanjuk, 73, a retired autoworker from suburban Seven Hills, was
stripped of his citizenship on grounds that he lied about his Nazi past when he
entered the country in the 1950s. Demjanjuk has been in hiding since returning
to the United States from Israel last Wednesday. He maintains he was a German
prison of war and that he was a victim of mistaken identity. "We welcome the
oppressed, not the oppressor," Bennett Yanowitz, president of the Jewish
Community Federation of Cleveland, said at a rally. About 25 Demjanjuk
supporters held a counter-rally, chanting, "Leave John alone, let him go home!"
They carried placards that read, "Let him be" and "Welcome home John."

EDUCATION

BLACK MAYOR OPPOSES BUSING: St. Louis's first black mayor says he is committed
to ending school busing as a way to achieve racial desegregation. "Even though I
appreciate white kids and black kids going to school together, it has not been
good for the neighborhoods," Mayor Freeman Bosley Jr. said at a meeting with St.
Louis Post-Dispatch editorial writers. "If you don't have good neighborhood
schools, people won't live there. If you live there and send your kids to school
somewhere else, there's no sense of commitment." Under the 10-year-old
desegregation program, 14,500 black students are sent from the city to
predominantly white schools in St. Louis County. Only a federal judge can lift
the desegregation order under which the program operates. Despite the
desegregation program, many city schools are all black. Of the city district's
106 schools, 47 have virtually all-black student bodies. About 42,000 students
attend city public schools.

CONSUMERS

UTILITY TO REFUND $ 1.3 BILLION: Commonwealth Edison Co., which serves much of
northern Illinois, said it has agreed to refund more than $ 1.3 billion to
consumers over the next 12 months to settle pending rate disputes. The refund
would be the largest electric utility refund in U.S. history.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932720430

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Kay Bailey Hutchison

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 4, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Panel Urges Remedies to Abuses by Police

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 565 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 3


The United States Commission on Civil Rights urged Congress today to make it
easier for people to sue abusive police officers and for the government to
investigate police misconduct.

The recommendations were in a report that found that the overall reduction of
crime in the nation had often come at a "significant cost to the vulnerable
communities in greatest need of police protection."

The report said that while New York and Los Angeles had made strides in reducing
crime, the police departments of those cities were not "world class" because of
"lingering concerns about the number and type of police misconduct charges they
must address."

Mary Frances Berry, the chairwoman of the commission, said changes were needed
in the "reward structure and the climate in police departments so that
protecting civil rights is as important as crime prevention and control."

"Our top priority is to see to it that police departments do not regard
protecting civil rights and controlling crime as two contradictory objectives,"
Ms. Berry said. "Officers should be rewarded based on how well they perform
their duties, but part of that includes reduction of police harassment
complaints and misconduct and inspiring confidence on the part of the community
that is served."

At a meeting here, the commission approved the report on police practices and
civil rights, and a draft was provided to reporters.

The commission said the elimination of racial profiling by the police "needs to
be given the highest priority." It strongly recommended the collection of data
on racial profiling, and legislation to prosecute those who engage in the
practice.

The report also found that the reward system in many law enforcement agencies
was "seriously flawed. A system of rewards that promotes crime prevention over
the protection of civil rights, it said, might encourage police officers to
"engage in unlawful practices in the hopes of gaining promotion."

"Independent auditors and federal oversight present viable alternatives to the
failed attempts that have been used in the past to control police abuse," the
report said.

The commission also recommended that resources be allocated to finance federal
investigations into "systemic police misconduct," and that it be made easier for
people to sue police departments that engage in illegal practices.

The commission praised efforts of many law enforcement agencies to improve
diversity among officers, for developing new training methods on the use of
force and for "bolstering" internal affairs divisions.

"Law enforcement work is undeniably difficult," it said. "Officers must
constantly be aware of the pressures to reduce crime and make arrests."

Police misconduct, the commission found, "has affected every facet" of police
culture and policies. It said officers, eager to achieve goals like lowering
crime rates, often overstepped their authority and trampled on the civil rights
of the people they were hired to protect.

The commission cited the success of community policing programs in Boston and
San Diego for reducing crime as well as the number of complaints of police
brutality.

"It is less risky for police, in the very tough job that they do, to have the
confidence of the community rather than feeling like they are some kind of
hostile force in the community," Ms. Berry said. "It is safer and it is better."



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Missouri: SB 28

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Office of the Missouri House of Representatives has issued the following bill:

This act redefines "misconduct" for which an employee may be disqualified from
unemployment benefits. Currently, misconduct includes a wanton or willful
disregard of the employer's interest and a disregard of standards of behavior
the employer has the right to respect. The act changes that standard to a
knowing disregard of that interest and a knowing violation of the standards the
employer expects. Currently, an intentional and substantial disregard of the
employer's interest or of the employer's duties and obligations to the employer
also qualifies as misconduct. The act changes that standard to a knowing
disregard of such interests, duties and obligations. Currently, a deliberate
violation of the employer's rules constitutes misconduct. Under the act, a
violation of an employer's rule is misconduct unless the employee demonstrates
that he or she did not know and could not reasonably know the requirement or the
rule is unlawful.

Misconduct also includes a violation of a no-call, no-show policy, chronic
absenteeism, tardiness, unapproved absences following a written warning, and a
knowing violation of a state standard or regulation of an employee of a licensed
employer which would cause the employer to be sanctioned.

The misconduct standard shall apply when the conduct is reasonably related to
the job environment and the job performance and irrespective of whether it
occurs at the workplace or during work hours.

Currently, employees are disqualified from benefits if they voluntarily leave
work without good cause. The act defines "good cause" as that which would compel
a reasonable employee to cease working or which would require separation from
work due to illness or disability.

This act is similar to SCS/SB 816 (2012), and provisions found in HB 611 (2013).

For further information please visit: http://house.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday

PANEL WANTS EX-JUDGE FINED, BARRED

BYLINE: JASON AUSLANDER

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 756 words


Panel: Former judge failed to appear before commission

Former Santa Fe Municipal Judge Frances Gallegos should never again hold
judicial office in New Mexico and should be fined $5,000 for "willful misconduct
in office," the state Judicial Standards Commission says.

In addition, the New Mexico Supreme Court should force Gallegos -- who resigned
Nov. 3 -- to pay for costs and expenses incurred by the commission when it
investigated one of two sets of misconduct allegations against her, the panel
says in a petition for discipline filed Tuesday.

Gallegos' conduct "was established by clear and convincing evidence and
constituted willful misconduct in office," the petition states.

Gallegos, 55, who stepped down in the middle of her third elected term as judge,
could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

The Supreme Court had suspended Gallegos with pay for 90 days on Aug. 24 while
the commission investigated misconduct allegations.

The court asked the commission to finish looking into one set of accusations
before the 90-day period expired. Those allegations included refusing to allow
lawyerless defendants to plead not guilty, ignoring defendants' requests for a
lawyer and sentencing them on the spot as well as sentencing all
driving-while-intoxicated defendants to a six-month treatment program regardless
of whether a screening recommended it.

The commission held a closed-door hearing Nov. 14 in Albuquerque to hear
evidence on those allegations, but Gallegos did not attend despite being
subpoenaed, according to findings of fact filed Tuesday with the discipline
petition. Gallegos also didn't show up for a scheduled deposition with
commission staff Nov. 4, for which she was also subpoenaed, the document states.

On both occasions, commission staff told Gallegos she legally was required to
attend even though she had resigned her post, according to the document.

The commission pointed out that in her 10 years on the bench, Gallegos
"regularly and routinely issued bench warrants for the arrest of individuals who
failed to appear in her Court."

Gallegos "regularly and routinely found individuals who failed to appear in her
court in contempt," the document says. "(Gallegos) incarcerated individuals who
failed to appear in her court."

Jim Noel, the commission's general counsel and executive director, said he
wasn't a party to the commission's deliberations and couldn't say for certain
why those statements were included.

However, "if I was to hazard a guess," he said, "perhaps what they're commenting
on is the irony in Judge Gallegos' treatment of individuals who failed to
respond to duly served subpoenas and summons, and her failure to do so when she
was served."

The city initially paid $19,500 to Santa Fe lawyer Aaron Wolf to help Gallegos
prepare a response to the allegations. However, the City Council balked when
asked to allocate another $20,000 toward her legal bills and voted to deny the
request.

In a letter filed Nov. 4 in the Supreme Court announcing her resignation,
Gallegos said she had "no financial ability" to pay for continued legal
representation in the case.

Noel said there is no requirement that Gallegos be represented by an attorney in
front of the commission, and other judges have represented themselves in the
past.

"Justifying away her failure to appear because the citizens of Santa Fe weren't
going to pay for her defense in the matter just doesn't cut it," he said.

Noel also said he didn't yet know exactly how much the commission spent
investigating the one set of allegations against Gallegos addressed in Tuesday's
petition.

The Supreme Court has the options of confirming the discipline petition, denying
it or modifying it.

The other set of allegations against Gallegos -- which centers around claims she
altered DWI sentences on hundreds of closed cases to make herself appear to the
public to be tougher on such offenders -- is still pending. Noel said he could
not talk about that case because nothing new has been publicly filed in relation
to it.

Speaking in general, however, Noel said when the Supreme Court permanently bars
a judge from holding judicial office in the state, other disciplinary matters
usually become moot.

In a separate proceeding, Gallegos faces three felony charges of tampering with
public records and is scheduled to take part in a preliminary hearing Dec. 12 in
Santa Fe County Magistrate Court to determine whether evidence exists to bind
the case over for trial in state District Court.

Contact Jason Auslander at 995-3877 or jauslander@sfnewmexican.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Frances Gallegos
Panel says ex-judge should pay $5,000

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              March 5, 2017 Sunday

NAHL

SECTION: D; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 360 words


NAHL

BOBCATS 7, MINOT 3

Minot;1;1;1;-;3

Bobcats;3;2;2;-;7

First period: 1. B, Matej Murin (Grant Johnson, Tristan Ashbrook), 0:14. 2. M,
Reid Stefanson (Derek Frentz, Paul O'Connor), 7:07. 3. B, Jordan Fralich (Tobias
Fladeby), 14:32 (pp). 4. B, Lukas Millen (Matthew Berry, Cooper Haar), 18:19.

Second period: 5. M, Alex Adams (Zack Bross, Nolan Sawchuk), 7:21 (pp). 6. B,
Fladeby (Murin, Nick Alexander), 14:12 (pp). 7. B, Johnson (Fladeby, Fralich),
19:09.

Third period: 8. M, Spencer Zwiener (Austin Dollimer), 14:53. 9. B, Jiei
Halliday (Haar, Barry), 15:20. 10. B, Haar (Millen), 18:54.

Goalie saves: M - Lucas Murray 13. B - Severi Isokangas 16.

Penalties: M - 8 minors, 2 major, 1 10-minute misconduct, 1 game misconduct. B -
6 minors, 3 major, 1 10-minute misconduct, 2 game misconducts.

STANDINGS

CENTRAL DIVISION

;W-L-OTL-SOL;PTS

Minot;32-15-4-0;68

Minn. Wilderness;27-17-4-2;60

Brookings;25-19-4-1;55

Aberdeen;24-22-2-2;52

BOBCATS;23-25-1-1;48

Austin;20-25-2-3;45

EAST DIVISION

;W-L-OTL-SOL;PTS

x-Aston;40-9-1-0;81

x-Johnstown;32-12-3-1;68

x-New Jersey;30-16-1-1;62

x-Wilkes-Barre/Scranton;23-23-1-3;50

Northeast;3-44-3-0;9

MIDWEST DIVISION

;W-L-OTL-SOL;PTS

x-Janesville;36-9-0-3;75

Minn. Magicians;26-17-3-2;57

Fairbanks;24-23-2-1;51

Springfield;23-23-2-1;49

Coulee Region;20-23-2-0;42

Kenai River;10-37-2-0;22

SOUTH DIVISION

;W-L-OTL-SOL;PTS

x-Lone Star;38-12-1-0;77

Wichita Falls;27-15-3-2;59

Shreveport: 28-15-2-2;60

Corpus Christi;25-15-3-3;56

Odessa;18-24-5-2;42

Amarillo;15-23-7-1;38

Topeka;16-29-4-1;37

x-clinched playoff berth

Friday, March 3

Minot 5, BOBCATS 2

Aston 2, Johnstown 1, OT

New Jersey 12, Northeast 6

Minnesota Wilderness 4, Brookings 3, OT

Shreveport 4, Odessa 2

Springfield 5, Topeka 3

Wichita Falls 4, Corpus Christi 3, OT

Austin 5, Aberdeen 3

Lone Star 3, Amarillo 2

Fairbanks 4, Coulee Region 3

Minnesota Magicians 6, Kenai River 3

Saturday, March 4

BOBCATS 7, Minot 3

Aston 3, Johnstown 2

Topeka 3, Springfield 2, OT

New Jersey 7, Northeast 2

Brookings 4, Minnesota Wilderness 0

Shreveport 4, Odessa 3, SO

Wichita Falls at Corpus Christi, n

Aberdeen 2, Austin 1

Amarillo at Lone Star, n

Coulee Region at Fairbanks, n

Minnesota Magicians at Kenai River, n

Sunday, March 5

Amarillo at Lone Star

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 14, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton Initiatives to Promote Trust in Police

BYLINE: By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 24; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: TEXARKANA, Ark., March 13


President Clinton said today that recent reports of police misconduct had shaken
the public's faith in the police, and he proposed several measures that he said
would help restore that trust.

The President said he would propose that Congress spend more money to expand
ethics training for police officers, establish academies to build rapport
between the police and citizens, increase recruiting of minority police officers
and put more police officers on the streets.

"I have been deeply disturbed by recent allegations of serious police misconduct
and continued reports of racial profiling that have shaken some communities'
faith in the police who are there to protect them," Mr. Clinton said.

He did not specifically mention the recent killing of Amadou Diallo in New York,
or other questionable shootings of young blacks by police officers in Pittsburgh
and Riverside, Calif. But several groups, including the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People, have been urging him to speak out on these
incidents.

Mr. Diallo, a street peddler from Guinea, was killed on Feb. 4 in a hail of 41
bullets outside his Bronx apartment by four white policemen, touching off an
outcry and reigniting concerns about the police abuse of minorities.

Since the shooting, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani of New York has started a $10
million drive to bring more black and Hispanic officers into the police force.

The President used his weekly radio talk today to address the issue. He taped
the speech on Friday from the White House and released it from here, where he is
attending four Democratic fund-raisers today.

Mr. Clinton said he would soon send to Congress a request for an increase of $42
million for training state and local police and $5 million to establish what he
called citizen police academies to help build rapport between citizens and the
police.

The $42 million request includes $20 million to add ethics and integrity
training for police officers at the nation's 30 regional community policing
institutes. Currently only two of those institutes specialize in providing such
training.

Administration officials said that this training could help give thousands of
police officers "the training best calculated to prevent instances of police
misconduct."

An additional $20 million would be devoted to making college scholarships
available to police officers.

He would devote $2 million to improve the recruitment of minority officers,
doubling the money now available for such efforts.

He would spend $5 million for the academies where citizens would be able to
learn police procedures so that they would understand how police decisions are
made, and in turn the police could be trained so they could better understand
citizens' concerns.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 18, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Two Atlantic City police officers plead guilty to misconduct

BYLINE: Anjalee Khemlani, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 189 words


Nov. 18--MAYS LANDING -- Two former Atlantic City police officers pleaded guilty
Monday in Atlantic County Superior Court to charges of official misconduct.

Sgt. Richard Halvorson and Officer Troy Maven both pleaded guilty to
third-degree official misconduct. As a result, they forfeit any future public
employment.

Halvorson, 42, who joined the department in 1989, pleaded guilty to being in
possession of and using a controlled dangerous substance while in uniform Feb.
28.

At the time, Halvorson was a member of the city's Bomb Squad.

Officer Troy Maven, 32, admitted to paying a woman for sex while on duty Aug.
17.

Maven, 32, told Superior Judge Michael Donio he was in uniform when he "offered
$60 in exchange for sexual activity to a female."

Under the plea agreement, they each face up to five years' probation when they
are sentenced Jan. 10.

Contact Anjalee Khemlani:

609-272-7247

akhemlani@pressofac.com

Follow Anjalee Khemlani on Twitter @AnjKhem

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131118-1AC-BRF-Two-Atlantic-City-police-officers-plead-guilty-to-
misconduct-1118-20131118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 15, 1994, Tuesday

NATION IN BRIEF Packwood gives up fight for diaries

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 632 words


Sen. Bob Packwood (R-Ore.) is turning his diaries over to the Senate Ethics
Committee for its investigation into allegations of sexual and official
misconduct.

Packwood said in a statement Monday in Washington that he was ending a challenge
to a district court order that he provide the panel with the diaries, tapes and
transcripts it subpoenaed last year. Supreme Court Chief Justice William H.
Rehnquist earlier this month rejected Packwood's request to postpone transfer of
the diaries to the committee pending a hearing of his appeal before the U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals.

The appeals hearing was scheduled for May, but by then the diaries already would
have been in the hands of the committee. Packwood had contended that the
subpoena for the diaries was a violation of his Fourth Amendment right to
privacy and his Fifth Amendment right against self- incrimination.

MILITARY

RECRUITERS BANNED ON 34 CAMPUSES: The nation's largest state university system
effectively banned military recruiting on 34 of its campuses. The State
University of New York board of trustees decided not to appeal a ruling that
bars the recruiters, spokesman Patrick Hunt said Monday. Last year, a judge
hearing a lawsuit filed by a lesbian student ordered SUNY's University of
Buffalo to bar recruiters because the military refused to admit homosexuals. The
judge cited Gov. Mario Cuomo's order prohibiting state agencies from
discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation. SUNY's trustees had argued
that an education law permitting the military to recruit on campus superseded
Cuomo's order. The ban does not affect military scholarships, ROTC activities or
research grants. About half of SUNY's 400,000 students attend the system's 30
community colleges. Recruiting at those schools, run jointly by the state and
county governments, is not affected.

CRIME

31 INJURED IN JAIL MELEE: Inmates in New York City's Rikers Island jail attacked
guards with weights and benches in a melee at a jailhouse gymnasium. Thirty-one
guards and prisoners were hurt. It took 35 officers about an hour to control the
77 inmates in the jail's gym Monday night. Sixteen officers and 15 inmates were
injured, Correction Commissioner Catherine Abate said. The melee began when two
inmates attacked another prisoner. A guard intervened and tried to confiscate a
homemade knife but was outnumbered, officials said. It took two waves of
reinforcements to end the fighting. The jail, which holds about 15,000 inmates,
was locked down after the riot.

ENVIRONMENT

TACO BELL CURBS SMOKING: First it was smoking among the Big Macs that was
banned. Now lighting up near the tacos and Burrito Supremes is about to become
off-limits. Taco Bell announced in Irvine, Calif., that it will prohibit smoking
at all its 3,300 company-owned fast-food restaurants beginning March 28. The
chain, a division of PepsiCo Inc., said it expects about 1,000 of its franchise
eateries to follow suit, leaving only about 200 Taco Bells in the United States
where smoking will be allowed. Last month McDonald's banned smoking in its 1,400
company- owned U.S. restaurants and urged its franchises to do the same. More
than 3,600 of McDonald's 9,100 U.S. restaurants are now smoke-free.

EX-NUCLEAR INSPECTOR SETTLES SUIT: A former nuclear inspector who claimed she
got cancer from leaking radiation at the San Onofre power plant has settled her
lawsuit for an undisclosed sum. Rung C. Tang, 44, had sued Southern California
Edison, the plant's owner, for up to $ 25 million in compensatory damages, plus
millions more in punitive damages. The settlement was announced Monday, one day
before Tang's case was to go trial for the second time. The federal jury that
first heard her case deadlocked 7-2 in her favor.

From our news services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940750168

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bob Packwood

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 14, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Tailhook puts military courts in spotlight

BYLINE: Tony Mauro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 578 words


The legal aftermath of the Tailhook scandal is rapidly drawing to a close, with
none of the aviators accused of misconduct standing trial.

On Friday, Vice Adm. J. Paul Reason decided not to appeal the dismissal of the
last three cases arising from the 1991 naval convention, at which 140 officers
were accused of harassing and assaulting 83 women. Fifty men were disciplined;
none went to trial or court-martial.

But as the prosecutions end, the post-mortems are beginning on one of the most
severe tests ever of the U.S. military justice system, which governs more than
1.5 million service members worldwide.

The verdict thus far: Tailhook revealed the worst and the best of a system which
has always been an awkward hybrid of civilian constitutional protections and
military discipline and control.

Victims and critics of the system say the collapse of the Tailhook prosecutions
shows it is still difficult in the military to punish brass, or those who are
being protected by top Navy officials.

"It's the old boy's network still in operation, particularly if officers are
involved," says Carolyn Dock of Frederick, Md., who heads a military justice
reform group called Members Opposed to Maltreatment of Servicemembers.

"The whole system is command-controlled," says Robert Rivkin, a San Francisco
lawyer specializing in military law. "The system is structurally deficient and
always has been."

Critics note that many military judges are dependent for their promotions and
fitness reports on base commanders and others who have an interest in the
outcome of trials - posing conflicts analogous to what civilian judges would
face if prosecutors could hire and fire them.

The Supreme Court made short shrift of those criticisms in a unanimous ruling
last month that said the method for appointing military judges was
constitutional.

But Tailhook has again raised the cry of "command influence," especially in the
wake of the extraordinary ruling last week by Navy Capt. William Vest, the judge
who threw out charges against Cmdrs. Thomas Miller and Gregory Tritt and Lt.
David Samples.

Vest also accused Chief of Naval Operations Frank Kelso of lying about his own
whereabouts during Tailhook. He said Kelso had engaged in a cover-up, seeking to
manipulate the investigation - though not the trials - of the aviators.

Kelso denies the charges, and Navy Secretary John Dalton says he'll decide this
week what to do next.

But Vest's unusual display of independence in dismissing the cases and attacking
the Navy's top admiral is also seen by some as a vindication of military
justice.

"It shows a military judge can indeed be autonomous if he has the intestinal
fortitude to do it," says Robert Rae, Tritt's lawyer. "What Vest did speaks
highly of the system."

The fact that the prosecutions collapsed can also be viewed as a positive sign
that, even with external pressure to nail someone in Tailhook, the judge
insisted that the prosecution prove its cases.

Prosecution of "mass crimes" such as Tailhook are difficult in either military
or civilian settings, because of the difficulty of finding reliable and
consistent witnesses for each separate charge.

Reason, who was appointed by Kelso to supervise the disciplining of Tailhook
participants, said last week it was likely that some guilty aviators have gone
unpunished.

"I'm almost certain of it," said Reason. "But what would you have me do about
that? Evidence is a requirement."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2); PHOTO, b/w, Agence France-Presse; PHOTO, b/w, Tim
Dillon, USA TODAY

THE NATION; See sidebar; 07A

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 04, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

Fuhr's Streak Comes to End

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D07; NHL NOTES

LENGTH: 250 words


Blues G Grant Fuhr, who set a league record by starting all 76 of St. Louis's
games this season, missed last night's game against the Avalanche because of a
knee strain.

Fuhr did not accompany the Blues to Denver for their game with Colorado, ending
his bid to become the first NHL goaltender since 1964 to start every game in a
single season. The 15-year veteran was hurt during Sunday's 8-1 loss to the Red
Wings. Fuhr is 30-27-14 with a 2.90 goals-against average this season with three
shutouts.

The previous goalie to play in every game of a season was Penguins Coach Eddie
Johnston, who was in the net for every minute of the Bruins' 70 games in the
1963-64 season.

SUSPENSIONS: Ducks RW Todd Ewen was suspended for three games by the NHL after
receiving his fifth game misconduct penalty of the season. Ewen was assessed a
game misconduct after a fight in Sunday's 4-2 win over the Sharks. The NHL
assesses a one-game suspension to a player after he receives his third game
misconduct of the season. The suspension increases by one game for each game
misconduct thereafter. . . .

Canadiens RW Chris Murray and D Lyle Odelein were suspended after each received
match penalties for attempting to injure in Monday night's game against the
Sabres. Murray was suspended for three games for cross-checking Sabres winger
Rob Ray on the side of the head. Odelein is out for two games for deliberately
shooting the puck into the Sabres' bench. Each player also was fined $ 1,000.

LOAD-DATE: April 04, 1996April 04, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Prosecutors: Inmate waited to kill Nanticoke correctional officer

BYLINE: Edward Lewis, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 602 words


April 30--WILKES-BARRE -- A shackled Jessie Con-Ui sat motionless for more than
one hour Thursday as a federal prosecutor described how he allegedly killed
correctional officer Eric Williams more than two years ago.

U.S. Assistant Attorney Frances Sempa said the brutal killing of Williams, 34,
of Nanticoke, inside the Canaan Federal Correction Complex near Waymart, Wayne
County, on Feb. 25, 2013, was "Well planned, premeditated murder." Sempa
explained Con-Ui possessed three makeshift weapons known as shanks and waited
for Williams to begin walking up stairs to begin counting inmates.

As Williams began to ascend the stairs, he was in a vulnerable position, Sempa
said, as Con-Ui kicked him in the head before stabbing him repeatedly with two
shanks.

Sempa along with Con-Ui's attorneys, David Ruhnke of Montclaire, New Jersey, and
Mark Fleming, of Encinitas, California, appeared before U.S. District Court
Judge A. Richard Caputo arguing about the release of hundreds of federal prison
records, including correctional officer misconduct reports.

Con-Ui's attorneys are seeking all misconduct reports filed against correctional
officers at every federal prison throughout the country dating to 2005, a
request Sempa called "irrelevant."

Con-Ui appeared at the pre-trial hearing via video conference from the U.S.
Penitentiary in Florence, Colorado. The only time Con-Ui moved was to whisper to
an attorney who sat next to him in the Colorado federal prison.

Fleming said the request for all misconduct reports against all correctional
officers in the country is vital to their defense if Con-Ui is found guilty. He
claims the reports show a pattern of misconducts by correctional officers
against inmates, including Con-Ui, who has been in the federal prison system for
nearly nine years serving a life sentence for a murder in Arizona.

'Ongoing battle'

"It's been an ongoing battle with the Bureau of Prisons to gather this
information," Fleming told Caputo.

Fleming believes excessive abuse by correctional officers toward inmates caused
Con-Ui to retaliate toward Williams.

"We're not going to be offering excuses about what happened to Officer
Williams," Fleming said. "What happened to Officer Williams is inexcusable."

Fleming said soon after Con-Ui was transferred from Canaan to the Allenwood
federal prison, he expressed remorse to a prison chaplain. Fleming claimed
officials at the Allenwood prison attempted to delete an email from the chaplain
about Con-Ui's weeping remorse.

Federal prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for Con-Ui if he is convicted
of first-degree murder.

Sempa said the request by Con-Ui's attorneys for records from every federal
prison has "no relevance" to what happened to Williams.

Con-Ui misconduct

Sempa said Con-Ui has received 39 misconduct reports since his time behind
bards, including stabbing another inmate and threatening to kill a correctional
officer.

Sempa said Con-Ui felt "disrespected" because he blamed Williams for having his
cell searched one hour before the deadly assault.

"Searching a cell is not a misconduct," Sempa told Caputo, noting Con-Ui
immediately disengaged Williams' radio that had a distress button.

"The defense has not put forward any evidence that (Con-Ui) was abused," Sempa
said. "The only evidence is Con-Ui felt disrespected because his cell was
searched."

Caputo will issue a decision at a later date. No timeframe has been set.

Reach Ed Lewis at 570-991-6116 or on Twitter @TLedlewis.

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150430-WB-Prosecutors-Inmate-waited-to-kill-Nanticoke-correctional-officer-043
0-20150430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Oakland police scandal timeline: Another officer placed on leave

BYLINE: Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 802 words


Here is a timeline of events in the Oakland police sexual-misconduct scandal:

May 7-13: It is revealed that three Oakland police offers have been placed on
paid leave, months after Officer Brendan O'Brien committed suicide and left a
note implicating officers in a sexual-misconduct scandal involving a teenage
girl who goes by the alias Celeste Guap. Guap, the daughter of an Oakland police
dispatcher, allegedly had sex with some officers while she was underage.

May 16: A fourth Oakland officer is placed on leave as part of the scandal.

May 18: Police department announces that two of the four officers on leave have
resigned. The officers are later identified as Terryl Smith and James Ta'ai, who
both graduated from the Oakland police academy in 2014.

May 23: Alameda County Sheriff's Office opens an internal affairs investigation
into comments a deputy left on the Facebook page of Guap; he is later cleared of
wrongdoing. A candidate for an Alameda County judge seat distances himself from
Guap when asked why she was listed among his friends on Facebook.

June 9: A criminal investigation into Smith's involvement in the scandal ends in
no charges being filed against him. Sean Whent abruptly resigns as police chief.

June 10: Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf names Ben Fairow, a deputy chief at BART who
began his career at OPD, interim police chief to replace Whent, who resigned the
previous day.

June 11: Guap says in an interview that she had sex with two dozen current and
former officers from departments throughout the East Bay, including Richmond,
Livermore and the Alameda County Sheriff's Office. Sources say that Oakland
police's botched handling of the investigation is what precipitated Chief
Whent's sudden departure at the behest of the federal monitor overseeing the
department.

June 12: A fifth Oakland officer is placed on leave in the scandal.

June 13: A Contra Costa County sheriff's deputy is placed on administrative
leave following allegations that he had sex with Guap when she was underage.

June 15: Mayor Schaaf fires Fairow after less than a week on the job, saying
information had come to light that "caused me to lose confidence in Ben Fairow's
ability to lead the Oakland Police Department at this particular moment." BART
police chief discloses that, while married, Fairow had "a personal relationship
with a consenting adult more than a decade ago, none of which precludes him from
serving as a sworn law enforcement officer or as one of my deputy chiefs."
Rainey says he welcomes Fairow back to the BART force. Alameda County District
Attorney Nancy O'Malley announces that a DA inspector has been placed on
administrative leave in the case, and San Francisco police announce they are
reviewing whether any of their officers have been involved with Guap.

June 16: A sergeant, identified as Mike Gantt, is placed on leave as part of an
investigation into whether he mishandled a homicide case. Sources say he is
accused of leaving evidence at the home of a girlfriend who would also do his
investigative paperwork.

June 17: Paul Figueroa, who had been assistant chief, steps down as acting
police chief after two days on the job and takes a leave of absence, with plans
to return to the lower rank of captain. Schaaf places City Adminisrator Sabrina
Landreth in charge of the department and pledges to root out a "toxic, macho
culture." A new investigation is launched into accusations that several
African-American commanders had sent racist text messages to each other. Schaaf
declares, "I'm here to run a police force, not a frat house."

June 20: OPD announces that another officer has been placed on leave for a
matter unrelated to the sex scandal, and Alameda County District Attorney Nancy
O'Malley's office announces that a second DA inspector has been placed on
administrative leave, also unrelated to the scandal. It's revealed that Gantt,
the officer on leave for allegedly mishandling the homicide case, was previously
fired by the department on grounds that he impeded a rape investigation. He
later won back his job through arbitration. State's Peace Officer Standards and
Training office questions legality of Schaaf appointing the city administrator
to oversee the department without an acting chief.

June 22: The City Council votes to delay a planned 2017 police academy until an
audit of the department's recruitment and training policies is completed. City
leaders hire a private investigator in an attempt to quash leaks and find out
who has been sharing police personnel information with media.

June 23: Alameda County District Attorney's Office clears Gantt of any criminal
wrongdoing. The department found that Gantt had his girlfriend transcribe
certain audio recordings off CDs in cases he was working, which does not violate
any criminal statutes, the department found.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean
Whent speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif.,
on Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)
Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf, left, listens as Oakland police Chief Sean Whent
speaks during a press conference at Oakland City Hall in Oakland, Calif., on
Friday, May 13, 2016. An internal investigation has been launched and three
Oakland police officers were placed on paid leave due to allegations of sexual
misconduct. (Jane Tyska/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 19, 1987 Monday

Islanders 3, Flyers 1

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 487 words


Pat Lafontaine scored two goals to lead the New York Islanders to a 3-1
victory over the Flyers in Philadelphia.

Philadelphia, which defeated the Islanders 4-2 Saturday in New York,
had only lost two other times at the Spectrum this season.

Lafontaine scored the winning goal for New York at 4:23 of the third
period when he took a pass from Brad Lauer and sent a 40-foot shot between
the legs of Philadelphia goaltender Ron Hextall.

The Islanders had tied the game at 19:52 of the opening period when
Lauer centred a pass in front to Lafontaine, who scored on a 15-foot shot
past Hextall.

The game was interrupted by a bench-clearing brawl in the second
period, after which 104 minutes in penalties were handed out by referee
Dave Newell. Two players from each team were ejected.

A fight began in front of the Flyers' bench, and New York's Steve
Konroyd left his own bench, which eventually led to every player being
involved.

Philadelphia took a 1-0 lead in the first period when rookie Glen
Seabrooke skated around New York defenceman Ken Morrow and passed in front
to Rick Tocchet, who backhanded the puck past goalie Kelly Hrudey for a
power-play goal at 19:36.

Brent Sutter added an empty net goal for the Islanders with five
seconds left.
 N.Y. Islanders 3,
 Philadelphia 1
                           At PHILADELPHIA, Pa.

First period    1. Philadelphia, Tocchet 17th (Seabrooke, Craven) 19:36 (pp).

2. New York, LaFontaine 20th (Lauer, Kerr) 19:52.

Penalties - Potvin (N) hooking 7:56; Hospodar (P) elbowing 13:51;
Hrudey (N) delay of game (served by LaFontaine) 18:00.

Second period    Scoring - None.

Penalties - Dineen (N) high-sticking 3:11; Samuelsson (P) high-sticking
5:21; Konroyd (N) double minor-game misconduct, first off bench (served by
Makela) 7:47; Curran (N) minor-major-game misconduct, leaving the penalty
box, fighting 7:47; Gilbert (N) misconduct 7:47; Bassen (N) misconduct
7:47; Hrudey (N) leaving the crease (served by D. Sutter) 7:47; Tocchet
(P) major-game misconduct, fighting 7:47; Carson (P) minor-game
misconduct, roughing 7:47; Nachbaur (P) misconduct 7:47; Hospodar (P)
minor-misconduct, roughing 7:47; Hextall (P) leaving the crease (served by
Mellanby) 7:47; Mellanby (P) tripping 16:31; LaFontaine (N) holding 19:10.

Third period    3. New York, LaFontaine 20th (Lauer, Jonsson) 4:23.

4. New York, B. Sutter 23rd, 19:55 (en).

Penalties - Dineen (N) hooking 5:53; Bassen (N) slashing 8:52;
Samuelsson (P) holding 8:52.

Shots on goal  New York                                                      7
10  3 - 20  Philadelphia                                                  8  9
11 - 28    Power-play goals - New York 0 of 3; Philadelphia 1 of 6.

Goaltenders - New York: Hrudey; Philadelphia: Hextall.

Referee - Dave Newell.

Linesmen - Jim Christison, John D'Amico.

Attendance - 17,222.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 6, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Evidence of Police Misconduct in Boston

From news services

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A8; AROUND THE NATION

LENGTH: 93 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


U.S. attorney Wayne A. Budd has found evidence of police misconduct in the
investigation of Carol Stuart's slaying but said he does not have enough to
pursue an indictment.

Stuart was seven months pregnant when fatally shot in her car on the way home
from a childbirth class Oct. 23, 1989. Her husband, Charles, was wounded and
called police from his car phone, claiming that a black man had attacked them.

In January 1990, Stuart jumped to his death from a bridge, apparently after
learning that his brother had implicated him in the killing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho: New NCAA legislation on academic misconduct in works

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Boise


The Spokesman-Review of Idaho has issued the following news release:

A group of 20 university presidents and college athletics administrators is
crafting a proposal to better define when the NCAA should investigate cases of
academic cheating by student athletes.

Ohio University president Rod McDavis, the chairman of the NCAA's Committee of
Academics, says the group plans to have a proposal ready by the end of June.

A final vote could happen by April 2016.

NCAA head of enforcement Jon Duncan said in January academic misconduct is on
the rise and his department was handling 20 open academic-misconduct
investigations.

McDavis told the AP that any time a coach or paid member of the school's
athletic staff is involved in an academic misconduct case the NCAA should be
involved.

The committee's greatest challenge is balancing institutional autonomy with the
need for NCAA involvement and determining who should punish cheaters, McDavis
said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: Idaho: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 13, 2012 Friday

GRPD Officer Suspended After Allegations of Sexual Misconduct

BYLINE: Jonathan Seely and Jason Volentine, WXMI-TV, Grand Rapids, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 242 words


April 13--GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. -- Grand Rapids Police confirmed to FOX 17 Friday
afternoon that a GRPD officer has been suspended for "sexual misconduct."

A press release issued at a conference Friday said that an officer, not yet
identified, was placed on administrative leave starting Wednesday, April 11. The
suspension comes after allegations of off-duty sexual misconduct with a
41-year-old woman who police describe as having "diminished mental capacity."

"It clearly is not acceptable behavior and as I said earlier, I'm shocked, I'm
appalled, I find this totally inappropriate," said Chief Kevin Belk, Grand
Rapids Police Department.

The relationship was discovered while the woman was having a casual conversation
with an on-duty police sergeant back on March 15th. The officer then took the
woman to Internal Affairs where the investigation was launched.

The case is being investigated for possible violations of criminal law and the
department's manual of conduct, according to GRPD.

"We have a responsibility to hold our officers to a high standard and we're
going to continue with that and make sure that the officers that work for this
department are held to a high standard," said Belk.

Chief Kevin Belk says he's unable to go into further details at this time due
the on-going nature of the investigation.

___ (c)2012 WXMI-TV (Grand Rapids, Mich.) Visit WXMI-TV (Grand Rapids, Mich.) at
www.fox17online.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120413-5GR-GRPD-Officer-Suspended-After-Allegations-of-Sexual-
Misconduct-0413-20120413

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5GR


                                 Copyright 2012


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 6, 2007 Wednesday

Editorial:Police shouldn't fight disclosure of misconduct

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Opinion

LENGTH: 453 words


Last year, the California Supreme Court declared records of law enforcement
officers who had been disciplined for misconduct off-limits to the public. It
was a terrible decision that will only result in increasing mistrust and
suspicion of the police.

This week, the state Senate voted to override that decision - but just barely
and notwithstanding unseemly pressure from the head of a police organization
that wants to keep all personnel documents and hearings secret, including
findings of abuse and corruption.

Even before the high court decision in Copley Press vs. Superior Court shut down
access to police personnel records, California had one of the nation's most
restrictive disclosure laws. A few cities, like Berkeley and San Francisco, have
created public police review commissions to look into charges of misconduct or
have opened disciplinary appeals hearings to the public. But in many cities,
like San Jose, the public had no way of learning what happened to complaints
against police officers, even after charges were substantiated and officers were
suspended or fired. San Jose's independent police auditor keeps statistics on
the general outcomes of complaints, but officers are not identified.

Passage of SB1019 wouldn't automatically change that. It simply would turn back
the clock to what existed in each locale before the court's decision. In the
future, individual cities could determine more open procedures. That is what San
Jose, which is considering a sunshine ordinance to allow more public scrutiny of
government, should consider.

SB1019 passed with one vote to spare. Sen. Joe Simitian, D-Palo Alto, deserves
credit for voting on the side of public disclosure. Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San
Jose, was one of nine senators who chose not to vote.

Police organizations argued that privacy is needed to protect officers and their
families from retribution. But police chiefs can exempt disclosure in cases
where there are safety threats, and the experience of states with more open laws
does not bear out the safety fears.

SB1019, sponsored by Majority Leader Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, is hardly
radical. But based on what happened in the Senate, it will face a rough time in
the Assembly. Last week, the president of the Professional Peace Officers
Association vowed retribution if the bill passed, in the form of a campaign
against what legislators badly want: an initiative liberalizing term limits.
Such are the lengths the police lobbies will go to protect secrecy.

Citizens entrust the police with unique powers. When officers violate that
trust, the public needs to know who they are and whether they've been held
accountable. Police agencies need people's confidence - it begins with openness.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

YOUR VIEWS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 875 words


Many factors lead to police misconduct

With the recent spate of alleged police misconduct, a holistic analysis is much
needed.

Many white police officers - though they'll never admit it - have an irrational
fear of black men. Former Seattle Police Chief Norm Stamper wrote a marvelous
book a few years ago, "Breaking Rank," in which he expounds on this problem of
white officers being trigger happy and heavy-handed toward black suspects due to
their irrational fears.

The local nightly news shows constantly leading with violent crime stories don't
help the situation. Sure, violent crime exists, but it's nowhere near as
pervasive as watching the news makes it seem. This paradigm translates into an
irrational fear of violent crime, which permeates the consciousness of too many
citizens, who then vote for law-and-order politicians who encourage heavy-handed
and over-bearing policing.

Couple all of this with a socioeconomic system in which so many people are not
involved in capitalist profit making, and the police state grows larger and
larger to corral the masses. A day of reckoning is looming, and the ruling class
well knows it. That's why the police over-saturate our streets and the prison
industrial complex grows at an astonishing pace.

- Drew Hunkins, Madison

Police didn't have to kill mentally ill man

The article about the fatal shooting of Michael William Schumacher says all
Madison police officers are trained in mental health response and deescalation,
while others do focused follow up with people who have had police contact.

Schumacher's behavior as described would lead anyone - with or without training
- to believe he suffered from mental illness. That being the case, the officer
was well advised to wait for other officers to arrive. Their presence should
have provided an opportunity to deescalate and given them other alternatives to
deadly force. It is hard to comprehend why multiple police could not have
rendered harmless a man armed with a pitchfork without killing him.

A mental health unit can't do much follow up with a dead person. Police trained
in mental health response and deescalation should have a broader set of tools
and skills than guns and shooting. It is easy to see why parents, children,
friends and neighbors fear calling the police for help with a loved one in a
mental health crisis.

- Louise Robbins, Madison

White privilege still exists today

I read with interest Saturday's letter to the editor "Activists turn Madison
into Milwaukee" in which the writer said he was raised to "work hard, follow the
rules."

I wonder if he was also given the talk about not acting "white in public."
Millions of black folks also "work hard, follow the rules," yet millions of
black parents have to give their children "the talk."

Philando Castile was shot and killed doing exactly what the police officer told
him to do. Dylann Roof, a self-professed white supremacist, shot and killed nine
black folks in a church, and the police got him food from Burger King because he
was hungry.

John Griffin's book "Black Like Me" should be read by all folks who believe
there is no such thing as "white privilege" and black folks should act more
"white." It is as relevant today as it was when he wrote it in 1961, and when I
read it in the early 1970s.

- Pat Eulberg, Marshall

Nixon has nothing on Hillary Clinton

I am still puzzled over the recent decision by the FBI to not prosecute Hillary
Clinton for the email fiasco. FBI Director James Comey said that while her use
of a personal email server and the handling of classified documents was
"extremely careless," no charges would be brought because no evidence of intent
to cause harm existed.

I guess the next time an innocent family dies because someone got behind the
wheel while inebriated, but didn't intent to kill anyone, they can invoke this
excuse.

Or, what if somebody shoots somebody else, but didn't intend on killing that
person, only injuring him? Bingo, they can use the Clinton defense for that one,
too.

How far do we continue to allow this miscarriage of justice? I am starting to
hear echos of Richard Nixon and his statement that "No one is above the law"
regarding Watergate. Well, it's obvious Nixon never met Hillary Clinton.

- Mike Braun, Oshkosh

Act 10 didn't create a merit system

I agree with the July 3 letter to the editor "Teachers should be paid like
Packers" that performance should determine teacher's pay. Unfortunately, despite
Gov. Scott Walker's contentions, Act 10 did not create a merit-based
compensation system.

Instead, teachers in Wisconsin are now compensated by a supply and demand
approach. Teachers in high demand areas such as foreign language, technology and
business have a bargaining edge, regardless of their abilities. Most schools,
however, don't have the resources to bargain at all.

In reality, the best elementary teacher in your local school, due to benefit
reductions and limited salary increases, is likely to be compensated less than
he or she was in 2011 when Act 10 was enacted.

Act 10 was about lowering taxes, balancing the state budget and creating
political advantage. It was never about rewarding top-performing teachers.

Pretending that a political decision was a business strategy is laughable.

- Brad Van Epps, Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 28, 1986 Friday

Goon show gone as Wings change

BYLINE: WILLIAM HOUSTON; The Globe and Mail

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D14

LENGTH: 830 words


They were already leading the league in penalties when Park went behind
 the bench, averaging 26.3 minutes a game. But under his dubious
 leadership, that number quickly shot up to 32.4.

Not only did Detroit top the National Hockey League in minors and
 majors, but also in thugs and goon hockey. This unsavory regression
 reached a low point when the Red Wings last played the Leafs, at Maple
 Leaf Gardens on Jan. 5.

In the third period, with the game out of reach, Park sent Lane Lambert
 out on to the ice to start a brawl, during which enforcer Bob Probert
 head-butted Bob McGill with his helmet, knocking the Leaf defenceman
 unconscious. Park was suspended for six games for his actions and Probert
 was suspended for four games.

Word quickly spread through the NHL that the once-illustrious Red Wing
 name epitomized goon hockey.

But now, suddenly, it's over. Two of the enforcers have been demoted,
 the fighting has stopped and the penalty minutes are starting to drop.

The beginning of the end occurred 12 days ago at Madison Square Garden,
 where the Red Wings visited the New York Rangers. The Rangers play a
 disciplined game, rarely fight and have the eighth lowest penalty-minutes-
 per-game average in the NHL at 20.

But in this game, won by the Rangers 3-1, there was mayhem. Lambert
 ended up in three fights, and Randy Ladouceur, Claude Loiselle and Gerard
 Gallant one each. The referee assessed 19 minors, 12 majors, two
 misconducts and six game misconducts.

Two nights later, the Wings visited St. Louis and endured the same type
 of welcome. The Blues, with the third lowest penalty average in the league
 - 17.3 - took it to the Wings, beating them up in a fight- filled game won
 by St. Louis. Twenty-seven minors were assessed, seven majors, three
 misconducts and one game misconduct.

Two days later, Lambert and Probert were sent to the minors. Since
 then, in three games, the Wings have not been involved in one fight.

Observers in Detroit feel the war is over. Two non-fighters - in this
 case the Rangers and the Blues - stood up to the school-yard bully and
 made him understand he couldn't win by intimidation.

"I think the other teams around the league decided they weren't going
 to be pushed around in their own rinks by the Red Wings," said a source
 close to the Detroit team. "That could happen 10 years ago with the
 Philadelphia Flyers, but not anymore. When Park realized his team was
 going to have to fight every game, he decided to pull back and try a
 different approach. Now, all they're doing is trying to cut back on the
 goals against. They're sitting back and playing defensively."

One thing that hasn't changed much is Detroit's record. The Wings have
 not won in eight games and have only one victory in their past 11.

By comparison, the Leafs, who play the Wings twice this weekend - the
 second game is at the Gardens tomorrow night - have been playing .500
 hockey during the past month, with a record of six wins, six losses and
 one tie. They are comfortably in fourth place in the Central (Norris)
 Division, 13 points ahead of the Wings and almost certain to make the
 playoffs.

Still, Leaf coach Dan Maloney believes this weekend series is no less
 critical than if both teams were tied in points.

"To me, it's every bit as important," he said. "We have to keep our
 momentum going. I want to play good, sound hockey, play fundamentally
 well. . . . I think we should win both games."

Greg Stefan, the Red Wings' first- string goaltender who has missed 17
 games because of injury and 16 more through two suspensions, feels his
 team still has a chance to catch the Leafs if it wins both games.

"It's our last chance," he said. "We have to win both games. And we
 have to win - not tie. That would make it nine points with 17 games left
 and then anything can happen. You have to look at it that way."

To win in Detroit, the Leafs feel they will need to weather an early
 attack - which is the Red Wings' style - and then control the game in the
 latter stages.

Both teams are relatively injury- free, though the Wings are missing
 their good young centreman Steve Yzerman, who is out for the season with a
 broken collar bone. As well, defenceman Greg Smith has a bruised right
 ankle and can't play, so the Red Wings called up Steve Richmond yesterday
 from their Adirondack farm club.

The Leafs will be without right winger Mirko Frycer, who has a strained
 wrist and is out indefinitely. Defenceman Chris Kotsopoulos has the flu,
 but is expect to be with the team in Detroit.

Replacing Frycer on the line with Peter Ihnacak and Walt Poddubny will
 be Marian Stastny. The other lines shape up as follows: Tom Fergus between
 Steve Thomas and Rick Vaive, Russ Courtnall centring Wendel Clark and Brad
 Smith, and Dan Daoust centring Greg Terrion and Miroslav Ihnacak.

NOTE - Leaf defenceman/winger Jim Korn, who has missed the entire
 season with badly damaged knee ligaments, is expected to begin skating in
 two weeks. He hopes to be ready for the playoffs, but that would be a long
 shot.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 2, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Health Official Concedes Mishandling of Inquiry

BYLINE: By PHILIP J. HILTS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 1


Dr. Bernadine Healy, the new director of the National Institutes of Health,
admitted today that she had done a poor job of investigating a misconduct case
at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, where she formerly worked.

In an angry confrontation with Representatives John D. Dingell, Democrat of
Michigan, and Norman F. Lent, a New York Republican from Nassau County, who are
looking into the way the institutes investigates misconduct, she conceded that
the inquiry she conducted at the clinic in 1990 was "sloppy and inadequate."

Series of Unexpected Actions

Questions about Dr. Healy's handling of the Cleveland case were among the issues
that have been raised by members of the House Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations after a series of unexpected actions by Dr. Healy involving the
agency's Office of Scientific Integrity since she took office about three months
ago.

Last month, Dr. Healy excused herself from making any decisions on questions of
misconduct brought before the scientific integrity office.

The questions have come up at a time when the scientific community is facing
questions over misconduct and how well it is policing itself. Assertions of
misconduct, or failure to investigate misconduct, have been leveled against a
number of prominent researchers and their institutions, including the N.I.H.

The Office of Scientific Integrity is nearing the end of an investigation of two
celebrated cases, that of Dr. Robert Gallo, a co-discoverer of the cause of
AIDS, and that involving Dr. Thereza Imanishi-Kari and Dr. David Baltimore.

Congressman's Assertions

Mr. Dingell said he thought Dr. Healy had "derailed two critical investigations,
demoralized and emasculated the O.S.I., and made a mockery of the O.S.I.'s
independence in dealing with misconduct allegations." The office's principal
investigator, Dr. Suzanne Hadley, was not only in charge of the investigations
into the Imanishi-Kari and Gallo cases but also into the investigation in which
Dr. Healy had a part at the Cleveland Clinic.

Dr. Healey staunchly defended herself today, saying the investigative office
needed to be reorganized to give the institutes' investigations more
credibility. Scientists had often gotten the impression that the office's
procedures were unfair.

At today's hearing, Representative Dingell gave this account of Dr. Healy's
actions in the Imanishi-Kari and Gallo cases:

Dr. Healy argued strongly against the investigative office's decision that Dr.
Ursula Storb, who was investigating the Imanishi-Kari case, should step down.
The investigators made the recommendation after they discovered that Dr. Storb
had written a letter of recommendation for Dr. Imanishi-Kari before the
investigation into the faking of data in a 1986 paper co-signed by Dr.
Imanishi-Kari and Dr. Baltimore.

On reading the draft of the report of the investigation of Dr. Gallo, Dr. Healy
demanded that Dr. Hadley rewrite it, saying it "read like a novel." Dr. Hadley
refused to do so, fearing that that would destroy its impact.

Immediately after that incident, Dr. Healy sent an N.I.H. lawyer, Robert B.
Lanman, to investigate Dr. Hadley, saying that she may have become "too
friendly" with the researcher who had first accused Dr. Imanishi-Kari of
wrongdoing and ordering Dr. Hadley to turn over the notes from her phone
conversations with the whistleblower.

Dr. Healy then told the chief of the investigative office to "rein in" Dr.
Hadley and directed that she make no more decisions on the Gallo or Baltimore
cases and that Dr. Hadley's files be removed from her office.

After these actions, Dr. Hadley resigned, and Dr. Healy said the resignation was
of her "own free will."

Attack on Office Suggested

When Mr. Dingell's staff members began to speak to agency officials about these
actions, the staff members suggested that there was a possibility that the
director's actions constituted an attack the investigative office and in
particular Dr. Hadley.

The investigation took place when Dr. Healy was the head of research at the
Cleveland Clinic Foundation. A researcher there was acccused by a colleague of
having made false statements in an application to the Federal Government for
money to support his research.

Her review ended in a finding of no misconduct, but she said in her defense
today that the poor job she did haunted her and that she had asked a second
panel to look into the matter. That panel said a full investigation was
warranted and that investigation overturned her original verdict.

A preliminary report of the N.I.H.'s investigation in the case has concluded
that the researcher did commit scientific misconduct by making false statements
in a grant application. The report also strongly criticized Dr. Healy's first
inquiry into the matter.

Dr. Healy said today that her investigation at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation
comprised a single meeting of three hours, during which she did not look at all
the evidence and did not interview the whistleblower but did talk to the
accused.

In today's hearing, she angrily refused to back away from her actions in which
she forced Dr. Hadley to resign. She said that she had taken those actions
before her recusal and that they would stand.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday

Former Brown County trustee accused of using public funds to visit Dollywood,
stay at Gatlinburg resort

BYLINE: Laura Lane, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


March 01--NASHVILLE -- A longtime township trustee in Brown County voted out of
office last fall after 24 years stands accused of theft and official misconduct
for using taxpayers' money to travel to Dollywood, vacation at a resort in
Gatlinburg and rent a car on a trip to California.

Former Van Buren Township Trustee Nettie Walls, 66, told Indiana State Police
Detective Kevin Goetz "I shouldn't have done it" when asked about using money
from a $10,000 line of credit for personal expenses. Walls told the detective
she established the account in February 2006 for township business, and admitted
using it for herself as well.

Walls, a Democrat, is scheduled to appear in court March 29 for an initial
hearing on charges of theft and official misconduct, both felonies, and a
misdemeanor charge of conversion.

According to documents filed in the case, none of the township advisory board's
three members knew the line of credit at PNC Bank existed.

Walls is accused of using the following amounts from the township account: $230
to American Al in San Antonio, Texas; $1,332 to Mountain Loft Resort Sales in
Tennessee; $61 for overnight lodging at the Mitchell Inn Motel in Lawrence
County; $193 to Dollywood in Tennessee; $163 to Budget Rent-A-Car in San Jose,
Calif; and $112 to VIT Vitamin Shoppe.com.

The purchases were made between April 2009 and March 2010.

Bob Cline, a deputy prosecutor in Morgan County, is handling the case.

Gov. Mitch Daniels has backed an unsuccessful attempt to eliminate
township-level government, claiming it is not effective or efficient.

To see more of the Herald-Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldtimesonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Times,
Bloomington, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110301-BM-Former-Brown-County-trustee-accused-of-using-public-funds-to-visit-D
ollywood-stay-at-Gatlinburg-resort-0301-20110301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2011 Herald-Times


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Law Enforcement Executives Attend Civil Rights Seminar in Worcester

LENGTH: 568  words


The United States Attorney's Office, Justice Department's Community Relations
Service, Federal Bureau of Investigation and the City of Worcester sponsored a
civil rights seminar today for law enforcement executives. District Attorney
Joseph Early Jr. and nearly 100 other law enforcement executives from federal,
state and local agencies attended the seminar which was hosted by the College of
the Holy Cross in Worcester.


United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz said, "Effective police practices and
training programs are important tools to prevent officer misconduct and to
improve the community's confidence with law enforcement. Today's training was an
important opportunity to reeducate executives, learn from the mistakes of others
and in some cases reaffirm areas where police departments are doing it right."
During the seminar, staff from the U.S. Attorney's Office and the Federal Bureau
of Investigation's Public Corruption and Civil Rights Division in Washington,
D.C. provided participants with information about how police departments can
implement or enhance procedures that may reduce officer misconduct. Participants
also learned how the Department of Justice has assisted law enforcement and
communities with improving relationships as a result of police pattern or
practice investigations. The East Haven Police Department in Connecticut
provided insight about its November 2012 consent decree with the Department, and
the Community Relations Service provided presentations about fundamental human
bias and conflict de-escalation.
"I want to thank U.S. Attorney Ortiz and the Department of Justice for coming to
Worcester today. We need to be proactive on the issues of misconduct,
fundamental human bias, and conflict de-escalation. Seminars like this are a
great chance for our local public safety officers to discuss best practices with
their counterparts from across the state," said Worcester Mayor Joseph M. Petty.

Worcester City Manager Edward Augustus said, "Quality, community policing is
imperative for the health and vitality of a city and the well-being and peace of
mind of its residents. I am thankful to all the police officials who
demonstrated their commitment to those ideals by attending this seminar, and to
the office of U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz, the FBI and DOJ's Community Relations
Service for sponsoring and to the College of the Holy Cross for hosting this
important, timely event."
"The FBI's Civil Rights Program is committed to restoring trust in law
enforcement and to educating our partners about lessons learned from those who
have abused their power and abandoned their responsibilities," said Vincent B.
Lisi, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Boston Field Division.  "The city of
Worcester's leadership should be commended for hosting a seminar on civil rights
for law enforcement," said Francis Amoroso, Regional Director of the Community
Relations Service in New England.
"I was proud to be a part of such a timely and important seminar," District
Attorney Early said. "Raising awareness of civil rights among our law
enforcement partners was an admirable undertaking. I was glad to be a part of
it."
If you would like information about how to sponsor a civil rights seminar in the
District of Massachusetts, please contact the U.S. Attorney's Office at
617-748-3100 and ask to speak to the Law Enforcement Coordinator. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Law Enforcement Executives Attend Civil Rights Seminar in Worcester

LENGTH: 568  words


The United States Attorney's Office, Justice Department's Community Relations
Service, Federal Bureau of Investigation and the City of Worcester sponsored a
civil rights seminar today for law enforcement executives. District Attorney
Joseph Early Jr. and nearly 100 other law enforcement executives from federal,
state and local agencies attended the seminar which was hosted by the College of
the Holy Cross in Worcester.


United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz said, "Effective police practices and
training programs are important tools to prevent officer misconduct and to
improve the community's confidence with law enforcement. Today's training was an
important opportunity to reeducate executives, learn from the mistakes of others
and in some cases reaffirm areas where police departments are doing it right."
During the seminar, staff from the U.S. Attorney's Office and the Federal Bureau
of Investigation's Public Corruption and Civil Rights Division in Washington,
D.C. provided participants with information about how police departments can
implement or enhance procedures that may reduce officer misconduct. Participants
also learned how the Department of Justice has assisted law enforcement and
communities with improving relationships as a result of police pattern or
practice investigations. The East Haven Police Department in Connecticut
provided insight about its November 2012 consent decree with the Department, and
the Community Relations Service provided presentations about fundamental human
bias and conflict de-escalation.
"I want to thank U.S. Attorney Ortiz and the Department of Justice for coming to
Worcester today. We need to be proactive on the issues of misconduct,
fundamental human bias, and conflict de-escalation. Seminars like this are a
great chance for our local public safety officers to discuss best practices with
their counterparts from across the state," said Worcester Mayor Joseph M. Petty.

Worcester City Manager Edward Augustus said, "Quality, community policing is
imperative for the health and vitality of a city and the well-being and peace of
mind of its residents. I am thankful to all the police officials who
demonstrated their commitment to those ideals by attending this seminar, and to
the office of U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz, the FBI and DOJ's Community Relations
Service for sponsoring and to the College of the Holy Cross for hosting this
important, timely event."
"The FBI's Civil Rights Program is committed to restoring trust in law
enforcement and to educating our partners about lessons learned from those who
have abused their power and abandoned their responsibilities," said Vincent B.
Lisi, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Boston Field Division.  "The city of
Worcester's leadership should be commended for hosting a seminar on civil rights
for law enforcement," said Francis Amoroso, Regional Director of the Community
Relations Service in New England.
"I was proud to be a part of such a timely and important seminar," District
Attorney Early said. "Raising awareness of civil rights among our law
enforcement partners was an admirable undertaking. I was glad to be a part of
it."
If you would like information about how to sponsor a civil rights seminar in the
District of Massachusetts, please contact the U.S. Attorney's Office at
617-748-3100 and ask to speak to the Law Enforcement Coordinator. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 13, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S. Launches Investigation Of New Orleans Police Force

Pierre Thomas, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 581 words


The Justice Department has initiated a wide-ranging civil investigation into
misconduct in the New Orleans Police Department, a force wracked in recent years
by allegations of brutality and corruption.

The inquiry by the department's civil rights division will review past cases of
police abuse and examine whether the force has adopted adequate procedures to
root out patterns of illegal behavior and poor police work. The Justice
Department could bring civil charges against the force and ask a federal court
to force the department to make changes.

Lt. Richard Cassanova, a New Orleans police spokesman, said his force has not
received a letter informing it of the inquiry. "But we expect it."

The 1,360-member New Orleans force is among the largest of a handful of police
departments facing such probes. Under the 1994 crime bill, the civil rights
division gained new authority to initiate broad federal investigations of
departments with egregious records. Wide-ranging federal probes of police
misconduct in cities have been rare and controversial, since police internal
affairs units and local prosecutors claim jurisdiction over local disciplinary
matters.

In recent years, the New Orleans department has had among the nation's highest
rates of complaints against officers, city and federal officials say. The
department also has been shaken by numerous arrests of officers allegedly
engaged in criminal activity, ranging from civil rights abuses to murder. At
least 50 New Orleans officers have been arrested since 1993, according to a
recent report in the New Orleans Times-Picayune.

Two weeks ago, five former city officers pleaded guilty in federal court for
their roles in guarding a cocaine-filled warehouses operated by undercover FBI
agents. The number brought to seven the number of officers who pleaded guilty in
connection with the sting. Three other officers face trial in the cocaine
conspiracy. At least 15 to 20 officers had been targeted but the 1994
investigation was halted abruptly after one of the suspects ordered the murder
of a woman who had filed a complaint against him.

Kim Groves, a 32-year-old mother of three, was murdered after filling out a
confidential brutality complaint against officer Len Davis, the man alleged to
have headed the police cocaine protection ring. Davis was sentenced to death in
the murder has been scheduled to go to trial in the cocaine case in September.

Spokesman Cassanova said police officials welcome the Justice Department probe.
Cassanova said Superintendent Richard Pennington, who has been in office since
October 1994, has developed a number of reforms to purge the department of
corruption and shoddy police work. Pennington came to New Orleans after 26 years
with the D.C. Police Department, including a stint as assistant chief.

Citizen complaints against the New Orleans force have been declining steadily
recently, according to Rafael C. Goyeneche III, managing director of the
Metropolitan Crime Commission of New Orleans Inc. He attributed the development,
in part, to Pennington's reforms, including a new program in which the chief
placed two FBI agents in his internal affairs division. "We still have a
corruption problem, but we are moving in the right direction," Goyeneche said.

One Justice Department official said, "We recognize the significant reforms, but
we want to make sure that the reforms adequately address long-standing problems
that are alleged to exist."

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 30, 1995, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

PRO HOCKEY;
Knights' Fletcher draws three-game suspension

BYLINE: Denise N. Maloof; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 172 words


Atlanta Knights forward Steve Fletcher has been suspended for three games by the
IHL for Thursday's third-period fight against the Houston Aeros.

The league's active leader in career penalty minutes, Fletcher was involved in a
fracas that broke out along the Houston bench with 11:04 remaining. Fletcher
received two 10-minute game misconducts, two minutes for roughing and five
minutes for fighting. He will miss the two-game series at Detroit and next
Friday's home game against Michigan.

Houston's Graeme Townshend and Myles O'Connor also received game misconduct
penalties, which carry automatic fines.

Thursday's misconducts were Fletcher's third and fourth this season. He incurred
his first two as a member of the Fort Wayne Komets. IHL vice president Tom Berry
is reviewing a tape of Thursday's incident and may announce additional
punishment early next week.

One-game suspensions are mandatory when a player receives his third game
misconduct. Two-game suspensions are the price of a fourth game misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    December 28, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Lindros can play: Misconduct penalty rescinded by NHL's Campbell

BYLINE: TIM PANACCIO; PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: SAN JOSE


Eric Lindros will be on the ice tonight against the Sharks.

Yesterday morning, NHL disciplinarian Colin Campbell phoned Flyers coach Roger
Neilson in Chicago to say he was rescinding the game-misconduct penalty charged
to Lindros in the Flyers' 3-2 victory Saturday night against the Blackhawks.

"They've cleared him to play," Neilson said. "They looked at a tape ( Saturday)
night, so we didn't have to send them one. They said they're sending a fax to
confirm that Eric can play."

Late in the second period, Lindros and Chris Chelios raced into the Hawks' end
chasing a loose puck. Lindros, was trying to avoid an icing call, swung his
stick to cross over Chelios's stick and get to the puck first, which he did.

Chelios went hard into the back boards and crumbled to the ice, clutching his
right wrist. Referee Dave Jackson did not signal a penalty; when Bob Probert
attacked Lindros from behind and play stopped, Jackson conferred with his
linesmen and assessed Lindros a five-minute major and game misconduct for
slashing.

This would have been Lindros' second stick-related game misconduct, so he would
have had to sit tonight under Rule 28, Section G on Game Misconducts. However,
the videotape clearly shows that Lindros never touched Chelios with his stick.
Chelios himself defended Lindros after the game, saying: "I fell into the boards
and jammed my hand."

Perhaps because of his size and strength, Lindros seldom gets the benefit of the
doubt from officials. "I don't know about whether it has anything to do with
reputation," Lindros said of his repute for delivering hard checks and swinging
his stick.

"What am I gonna do? If I say anything, I'm going to get fined. I don't agree
with the call. It's a big game for something like that (ejection) to happen."

Flyers general manager Clarke wasn't happy about the call Saturday night.

"I have no idea why he (Jackson) called that," Clarke said. "There was no
penalty on the play. I have to ask Colin Campbell or someone else about this. I
don't know what they're doing out there. But someone is instructing these
officials to make these calls.


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: AP / Eric Lindros celebrates after playoff victory over New York
Rangers in '97.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 OCTOBER 11, 1996 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

COX WON'T APPEAL FINE, BUT HE PLANS TO SUE NFL MISCONDUCT COSTS BEARS LINEBACKER
$87,500

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 562 words


Chicago Bears linebacker Bryan Cox said he will sue the NFL after being fined
$87,500, or the equivalent of one game's pay, Thursday for his on-field
misconduct in Sunday's game against Green Bay.

Cox was fined for verbally abusing field judge Bill Smith, making repeated
obscene gestures at the official and shouting obscenities.

"Your misconduct in last Sunday's game was again unprovoked, unprofessional,
offensive to NFL fans and unbecoming for an NFL player," Commissioner Paul
Tagliabue said in a statement released by the NFL.

Tagliabue also threatened Cox with a suspension "of at least one game" for any
future misconduct detrimental to the league.

Cox said he will not appeal the decision, but he plans to file a lawsuit
claiming unfair treatment and "excessive fines."

"We're going straight to court," said Cox, whose eight fines in six years total
$125,500. "I'm not upset, mad or bitter. I'll let the lawyers take over."

Cox claimed it was clear Tagliabue arrived at the fine amount based largely on
Cox's checkered past.

"My standards are certainly different than anyone else's in this game," said
Cox, who signed a four-year, $13.2 million deal as a free agent in the
off-season. "This fine will not kill me. I'm a strong black man. I'll persevere
and survive."

Cox was penalized for unsportsmanlike conduct after arguing with officials after
a 50-yard touchdown pass on the final play of the first half. The Bears believed
safety Mark Carrier was pulled down from behind by Green Bay receiver Antonio
Freeman, who caught the ball.

Cox proceeded to wave his middle finger at an official and throw his helmet in
disgust.
HEARING DELAYED: A court hearing for former Nebraska player Lawrence Phillips
was put on hold in Lincoln, Neb.

Phillips' attorney, Hal Anderson, asked the court to postpone the hearing of
allegations that Phillips, a running back for the St. Louis Rams, violated his
probation by driving drunk in California.

"It wouldn't make sense for us to have a hearing in Nebraska until we know
whether he broke the law in California," Anderson said in Lancaster County
Court.

Phillips, 21, was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving June 13 in Los
Angeles County. He was pulled over by police after allegedly speeding in a gold
Mercedes-Benz with a flat tire.

Phillips is on probation in Nebraska after pleading no contest last year to
misdemeanor charges of assaulting his former girlfriend, Kate McEwen. Part of
the probation required that Phillips avoid tangles with the law.

Lancaster County Attorney Gary Lacey said he wanted to arraign Phillips soon
because he feared legal delays in California would push the case past Nov. 29,
when the probation would end.
ETC.: Denver linebacker Glenn Cadrez is not happy after being fined $7,500 by
the league for a hit that left San Diego quarterback Stan Humphries needing six
stitches to close a wound on his chin. "I didn't feel it was an illegal hit,"
Cadrez said. "I'm sure they fined me because there was a quarterback bleeding on
national TV." . . . Seattle quarterback Rick Mirer, asked if he would be traded
at the end of the season, said, "I would bet that would happen. I'm not dying to
stick around and feel this way. And I'm not trying to run away from anything,
either. But it's clear to me that there's interest at other places."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NFL

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Shouting obscenities at an official, and making repeated obscene gestures, cost
Bears linebacker Bryan Cox the equivalent of one game's pay.
[961011 SP 6D 2]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                          September 19, 2012 Wednesday

Swim group rejects allegation

BYLINE: Scott M. Reid Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A

LENGTH: 459 words



HIGHLIGHT: It says it did not cover up accusations of misconduct by top coach.


USA Swimming denied Tuesday that the national governing body and former U.S.
national team director Mark Schubert were involved in the cover-up of
allegations of sexual misconduct by a top U.S. coach and other coaches.

A former Golden West swim coach alleges in a lawsuit filed this week against
Schubert that the eight-time U.S. Olympic coach hired a private investigator to
photograph U.S. national team coach Sean Hutchison in compromising positions
with a female swimmer Hutchison was coaching.

Schubert was fired from his position as U.S. national team director in November
2010. After USA Swimming officials became aware of allegations against
Hutchison, Schubert reached a $625,000 settlement with USA Swimming as part of a
"confidentiality agreement," according to the lawsuit filed by a former
colleague, Dia Rianda.

Hutchison was cleared of any wrongdoing by USA Swimming in 2011.

Schubert told Rianda that he was fired by USA Swimming because he had been
adamant about reporting the sexual abuse of a young swimmer by a coach, Rianda
said in an interview. Schubert was told by a swimmer in the 1980s that she had
been molested as a young girl by Rick Curl, a Washington, D.C.-area swim coach,
the lawsuit said.

"USA Swimming is not a party to the lawsuit between Dia Rianda and Mark
Schubert; however, because that suit makes various gratuitous accusations
against USA Swimming, we will address the false premise underlying those
accusations," USA Swimming said in a statement released Tuesday to The Orange
County Register.

"The resolution of the relationship between Mark Schubert and USA Swimming
absolutely did not involve any cover-up of alleged sexual misconduct by Sean
Hutchison or any other person. Rather, because of USA Swimming's commitment to
safe sport, the agreement between USA Swimming and Mr. Schubert specifically
required that if Schubert had, or in the future, received reliable information
involving a sexual misconduct code of conduct violation by a coach or other
member of USA Swimming, he would bring that information to USA Swimming in
writing and would testify at a national board of review proceeding if requested
to do so by USA Swimming."

USA Swimming is investigating allegations that Golden West assistant coach Bill
Jewell had inappropriate conduct with young female swimmers.

"Regarding Bill Jewell, USA Swimming cannot comment on ongoing investigations,"
USA Swimming said in the statement. "However, as a matter of process, when USA
Swimming initiates a coach investigation, it immediately notifies the employing
club. As per the Amateur Sports Act, membership status cannot be affected
without the opportunity for a hearing. Employment decisions during
investigations are at the discretion of the employing club."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Schubert was a member of the 2008 U.S. Olympic Swimming team.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            January 4, 2014 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

St. Cloud Diocese reveals names of 33 priests, bringing child sex-misconduct
list to nearly 100.

BYLINE: JEAN HOPFENSPERGER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 616 words



HIGHLIGHT: St. Cloud Diocese reveals names of 33 priests, bringing child sex-
misconduct list to nearly 100.


The St. Cloud Diocese on Friday released the names of 33 priests who have been
credibly accused of sexual misconduct with children, bringing to nearly 100 the
total names of such priests revealed in the past month in Minnesota.

"It is my hope that the release of these names will provide validation to those
victims who have been sexually abused and have already come forward," St. Cloud
Bishop Donald Kettler said in a statement released Friday afternoon.

"I pray it will also give strength to those who have remained silent and allow
them to come forward," he wrote.

The release of the list came one day after attorneys filed a lawsuit in Stearns
County District Court on behalf of Robert Ethen of Sartell. The lawsuit says
Ethen, then a child, was abused in the mid-1960s by the Rev. James A. Thoennes
while attending St. Anthony's parish in St. Cloud.

Thoennes has been the subject of previous allegations of child sexual misconduct
, yet the diocese moved him to another church, said Mike Finnegan, an attorney
for Anderson & Associates of St. Paul, which filed the lawsuit along with
attorney Mike Bryant.

The list includes both diocesan priests and members of St. John's Abbey of
Collegeville, which released its own list of 18 priests charged with sexual
misconduct last month. There is some overlap with the St. John's list and with
the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis list released last month.

Twenty of those named in the St. Cloud list are dead. The whereabouts of five
are listed as "unknown." Three currently live in Collegeville: the Rev. Richard
Eckroth, the Rev. Thomas Gillespie and the Rev. Brennan Maiers. One priest,
Thoennes, lives in St. Cloud. One, transitional deacon Michael Weber, lives in
the Twin Cities.

The priests served in St. Cloud as well as in smaller towns across central
Minnesota, from Little Falls to Belle Prairie.

'There's more to this list'

Victims' advocates immediately questioned whether the list was complete,
pointing out that it contains the name of only one member of the Crosier
religious order, which ran a prep school in the town of Onamia in the diocese.
In 2002, the Crosiers publicly identified eight members who have sexually abused
minors, according to news reports.

"There's more to this list," said Bob Schwiderski, Minnesota director of
Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests (SNAP).

The St. Cloud diocese is the fourth diocese in the past month to make public
such a list. Like the others, it has the names of priests credibly accused of
abuse between 1950 and 2004. It was compiled by the diocese for the U.S.
Conference of Catholic Bishops.

Finnegan called the release of the list a good "first step forward."

"With the number of offenders, and the number of parishes they served at, I
think there are dozens of survivors out there," he said. "I'm hopeful that the
release of this list will give them permission to break the silence."

Kettler, who became bishop of the St. Cloud diocese in November, urged any
victims to contact the diocese. "I am struck by the courage and strength of the
victims of abuse who have come forward," he wrote.

Jean Hopfensperger · 612-673-4511

ST. CLOUD'S LIST OF ACCUSED PRIESTS

Robert Blumeyer, Michael Brennan, Anthony Canu, Cosmos Dalheimer, John
Eccleston, Richard Eckroth, Sylvester Gall, William Garding, Raoul Gauthier,
Thomas Gillespie, Stanislaus Goryczka, Francis Hoefgen, Othmar Hohmann, Raymond
Jacques, Val Klimek, Reginald Krakowski, Joseph Kremer, Richard Kujawa, Henry
Lutgen, Brennan Maiers, James Mohm, Donald Rieder, Francisco Schulte, Robert
Smith, Peter Snyers, Allan Speiser, James Thoennes, Roger Vaughn, Michael Weber,
William Wey, Adelbert Wolski, Vincent Yzermanns, Francis Zilkowski

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Washington: TSA Could Strengthen Oversight of Allegations of Employee Misconduct

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

In July 2013, GAO reported that TSA investigated and adjudicated approximately
9,600 cases of employee misconduct from fiscal years 2010 through 2012,
according to TSA employee misconduct data that we analyzed. Two offense
categories accounted for about half of all cases--(1) attendance and leave,
which accounted for 32 percent; and (2) screening and security, which accounted
for 20 percent. Charges for screening and security-related incidents pertain to
violating standard operating procedures, including not conducting security or
equipment checks, and allowing patrons or baggage to bypass screening. TSA
developed a Table of Offenses and Penalties that delineates common employee
charges, along with a suggested range of penalties. Of the cases that we
analyzed, 47 percent resulted in letters of reprimand, which describe
unacceptable conduct that is the basis for a disciplinary action; 31 percent
resulted in suspensions of a definite duration; and 17 percent resulted in the
employee's removal from TSA. The remaining cases covered a variety of outcomes,
including suspensions of an indefinite duration.

In the July 2013 report, GAO found that TSA has taken steps to help manage the
investigations and adjudications process, such as creating OPR in 2010 to
provide greater consistency in misconduct penalty determinations and providing
training for TSA staff at airports responsible for investigating and
adjudicating allegations of employee misconduct. While TSA has taken these
steps, GAO reported weaknesses in four areas related to monitoring of employee
misconduct cases: (1) verifying that TSA staff at airports comply with policies
and procedures for adjudicating misconduct, (2) recording case information on
all adjudication decisions, (3) tracking the time taken to complete all phases
of the investigations and adjudications process, and (4) identifying allegations
not adjudicated by the agency.
Why GAO Did This Study

This testimony discusses the findings of GAO's report issued yesterday assessing
the Transportation Security Administration's (TSA) efforts to address employee
misconduct. TSA employs approximately 56,000 transportation security officers
(TSO) and other TSA personnel to ensure the security of the traveling public at
more than 450 TSA-regulated airports nationwide. News stories in recent years
have highlighted several high-profile allegations of misconduct by TSA
employees, including TSOs being involved in theft and drug-smuggling activities,
as well as circumventing mandatory screening procedures for passengers and
baggage. For example, in 2011, a TSO at the Orlando International Airport
pleaded guilty to federal charges of embezzlement and theft for stealing more
than 80 laptop computers and other electronic devices, valued at $80,000, from
passenger luggage. TSOs engaging in misconduct raise security concerns because
these employees are charged with helping to ensure the security of our nation's
aviation system.

The process of addressing TSA employee misconduct involves various components
within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). For example, depending on the
facts and circumstances of a case, the DHS Office of Inspector General (OIG),
TSA Office of Inspection (OOI), or TSA Office of Security Operations (OSO) may
conduct an investigation into allegations of TSA employee misconduct. OSO
generally adjudicates cases at airports--that is, determines whether the
evidence is sufficient to propose and sustain a charge of misconduct and
determines the appropriate penalty. The Office of Professional Responsibility
(OPR), an independent office that TSA established in 2010 to provide greater
consistency in misconduct penalty determinations, adjudicates a more specialized
set of cases, such as misconduct involving senior-level TSA employees at
airports and other locations. The testimony this morning will address the key
findings from the report on TSA's efforts to address employee misconduct that we
issued yesterday. Specifically, like the report, the statement will address (1)
data on TSA employee misconduct cases and (2) TSA efforts to manage and oversee
the investigations and adjudications process.

For more information please visit: http://gao.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Washington: TSA Could Strengthen Oversight of Allegations of Employee Misconduct

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

In July 2013, GAO reported that TSA investigated and adjudicated approximately
9,600 cases of employee misconduct from fiscal years 2010 through 2012,
according to TSA employee misconduct data that we analyzed. Two offense
categories accounted for about half of all cases--(1) attendance and leave,
which accounted for 32 percent; and (2) screening and security, which accounted
for 20 percent. Charges for screening and security-related incidents pertain to
violating standard operating procedures, including not conducting security or
equipment checks, and allowing patrons or baggage to bypass screening. TSA
developed a Table of Offenses and Penalties that delineates common employee
charges, along with a suggested range of penalties. Of the cases that we
analyzed, 47 percent resulted in letters of reprimand, which describe
unacceptable conduct that is the basis for a disciplinary action; 31 percent
resulted in suspensions of a definite duration; and 17 percent resulted in the
employee's removal from TSA. The remaining cases covered a variety of outcomes,
including suspensions of an indefinite duration.

In the July 2013 report, GAO found that TSA has taken steps to help manage the
investigations and adjudications process, such as creating OPR in 2010 to
provide greater consistency in misconduct penalty determinations and providing
training for TSA staff at airports responsible for investigating and
adjudicating allegations of employee misconduct. While TSA has taken these
steps, GAO reported weaknesses in four areas related to monitoring of employee
misconduct cases: (1) verifying that TSA staff at airports comply with policies
and procedures for adjudicating misconduct, (2) recording case information on
all adjudication decisions, (3) tracking the time taken to complete all phases
of the investigations and adjudications process, and (4) identifying allegations
not adjudicated by the agency.
Why GAO Did This Study

This testimony discusses the findings of GAO's report issued yesterday assessing
the Transportation Security Administration's (TSA) efforts to address employee
misconduct. TSA employs approximately 56,000 transportation security officers
(TSO) and other TSA personnel to ensure the security of the traveling public at
more than 450 TSA-regulated airports nationwide. News stories in recent years
have highlighted several high-profile allegations of misconduct by TSA
employees, including TSOs being involved in theft and drug-smuggling activities,
as well as circumventing mandatory screening procedures for passengers and
baggage. For example, in 2011, a TSO at the Orlando International Airport
pleaded guilty to federal charges of embezzlement and theft for stealing more
than 80 laptop computers and other electronic devices, valued at $80,000, from
passenger luggage. TSOs engaging in misconduct raise security concerns because
these employees are charged with helping to ensure the security of our nation's
aviation system.

The process of addressing TSA employee misconduct involves various components
within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). For example, depending on the
facts and circumstances of a case, the DHS Office of Inspector General (OIG),
TSA Office of Inspection (OOI), or TSA Office of Security Operations (OSO) may
conduct an investigation into allegations of TSA employee misconduct. OSO
generally adjudicates cases at airports--that is, determines whether the
evidence is sufficient to propose and sustain a charge of misconduct and
determines the appropriate penalty. The Office of Professional Responsibility
(OPR), an independent office that TSA established in 2010 to provide greater
consistency in misconduct penalty determinations, adjudicates a more specialized
set of cases, such as misconduct involving senior-level TSA employees at
airports and other locations. The testimony this morning will address the key
findings from the report on TSA's efforts to address employee misconduct that we
issued yesterday. Specifically, like the report, the statement will address (1)
data on TSA employee misconduct cases and (2) TSA efforts to manage and oversee
the investigations and adjudications process.

For more information please visit: http://gao.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: TSA Could Strengthen Oversight of Allegations of Employee Misconduct

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US Government Accountability Office has issued the following news release:

In July 2013, GAO reported that TSA investigated and adjudicated approximately
9,600 cases of employee misconduct from fiscal years 2010 through 2012,
according to TSA employee misconduct data that we analyzed. Two offense
categories accounted for about half of all cases--(1) attendance and leave,
which accounted for 32 percent; and (2) screening and security, which accounted
for 20 percent. Charges for screening and security-related incidents pertain to
violating standard operating procedures, including not conducting security or
equipment checks, and allowing patrons or baggage to bypass screening. TSA
developed a Table of Offenses and Penalties that delineates common employee
charges, along with a suggested range of penalties. Of the cases that we
analyzed, 47 percent resulted in letters of reprimand, which describe
unacceptable conduct that is the basis for a disciplinary action; 31 percent
resulted in suspensions of a definite duration; and 17 percent resulted in the
employee's removal from TSA. The remaining cases covered a variety of outcomes,
including suspensions of an indefinite duration.

In the July 2013 report, GAO found that TSA has taken steps to help manage the
investigations and adjudications process, such as creating OPR in 2010 to
provide greater consistency in misconduct penalty determinations and providing
training for TSA staff at airports responsible for investigating and
adjudicating allegations of employee misconduct. While TSA has taken these
steps, GAO reported weaknesses in four areas related to monitoring of employee
misconduct cases: (1) verifying that TSA staff at airports comply with policies
and procedures for adjudicating misconduct, (2) recording case information on
all adjudication decisions, (3) tracking the time taken to complete all phases
of the investigations and adjudications process, and (4) identifying allegations
not adjudicated by the agency.
Why GAO Did This Study

This testimony discusses the findings of GAO's report issued yesterday assessing
the Transportation Security Administration's (TSA) efforts to address employee
misconduct. TSA employs approximately 56,000 transportation security officers
(TSO) and other TSA personnel to ensure the security of the traveling public at
more than 450 TSA-regulated airports nationwide. News stories in recent years
have highlighted several high-profile allegations of misconduct by TSA
employees, including TSOs being involved in theft and drug-smuggling activities,
as well as circumventing mandatory screening procedures for passengers and
baggage. For example, in 2011, a TSO at the Orlando International Airport
pleaded guilty to federal charges of embezzlement and theft for stealing more
than 80 laptop computers and other electronic devices, valued at $80,000, from
passenger luggage. TSOs engaging in misconduct raise security concerns because
these employees are charged with helping to ensure the security of our nation's
aviation system.

The process of addressing TSA employee misconduct involves various components
within the Department of Homeland Security (DHS). For example, depending on the
facts and circumstances of a case, the DHS Office of Inspector General (OIG),
TSA Office of Inspection (OOI), or TSA Office of Security Operations (OSO) may
conduct an investigation into allegations of TSA employee misconduct. OSO
generally adjudicates cases at airports--that is, determines whether the
evidence is sufficient to propose and sustain a charge of misconduct and
determines the appropriate penalty. The Office of Professional Responsibility
(OPR), an independent office that TSA established in 2010 to provide greater
consistency in misconduct penalty determinations, adjudicates a more specialized
set of cases, such as misconduct involving senior-level TSA employees at
airports and other locations. The testimony this morning will address the key
findings from the report on TSA's efforts to address employee misconduct that we
issued yesterday. Specifically, like the report, the statement will address (1)
data on TSA employee misconduct cases and (2) TSA efforts to manage and oversee
the investigations and adjudications process.

For more information please visit: http://gao.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

          January 27, 1999, Wednesday, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

PANEL URGES THAT LAWYER LINKED TO VENEZIA BE SUSPENDED;
BELLEVILLE ATTORNEY IS ACCUSED OF MISCONDUCT

BYLINE: Kevin McDermott; Illinois State Correspondent

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B2

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


An Illinois disciplinary panel is recommending that Belleville attorney Thomas
Daley be suspended from practicing law for three months for alleged misconduct
while representing clients tied to the Thomas Venezia-Amiel Cueto gambling
empire.

The recommendation is more lenient than the one-year suspension sought by the
administrator of the Illinois Attorney and Registration Disciplinary Commission.
The Illinois Supreme Court will ultimately decide what punishment, if any, Daley
will face.

The commission administrator claims that Daley never conferred with seven
Venezia associates he represented on Venezia's orders between 1992 and 1994, and
that he engaged in a conflict of interest in representing them. Venezia, a
Belleville businessman, and Cueto, his attorney, both were later convicted by
federal juries for their roles in the gambling ring.

In a report released late Tuesday, a three-member commission hearing board
concluded that Daley failed to properly consult with the clients linked to
Venezia.

However, the board rejected the allegation that Daley engaged in conflict of
interest, or that he engaged in misconduct by failing to report Cueto's
misconduct.

Daley was aware Cueto had filed a false court order, according to the board's
report, which states: "Since (Daley) had knowledge that Cueto committed
misconduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit and misrepresentation, (he)
failed to comply with his duty as an attorney by failing to report the
misconduct."

However, according to the report, Daley testified in the Sept. 10, 1998, hearing
that "he did not think it was necessary to report Cueto's misconduct because it
was reported in the newspaper and was common knowledge among law enforcement
officials.

". . . While (Daley) was incorrect in that belief," states the report, ". . . he
did not act with a dishonest motive."

The board's suspension recommendation now goes to the Illinois Supreme Court for
consideration, unless Daley seeks a review of the recommendation. Daley's
attorney couldn't be reached for comment Tuesday evening.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo headshots - (Amiel) Cueto, (Thomas) Venezia

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 19, 1983 Tuesday

ROUNDUP   Hockey

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 339 words


Calgary Flame centre Jim Peplinski has been automatically suspended from
 last night's National Hockey League divisional final with Edmonton Oilers.

The suspension resulted when he received a double-game misconduct penalty
during a first-period brawl Sunday night. Meanwhile, Brian O'Neill,  executive
vice-president of the NHL, was awaiting game reports before  deciding what
action to take against Oiler left winger Dave Semenko, who  received a major,
match, misconduct and game misconduct penalties for his  part in the same
fracas. . . . Tomorrow night's Canada-Soviet game will be  broadcast on CBC
Radio beginning at 1:05 p.m. EST.

The CBC will also carry  Thursday's game (Canada v Czechoslovakia), starting at
1:05. . . . Quebec  Nordique captain Andre (Moose) Dupont, 33, one of the most
feared  defencemen in the NHL while with Philadelphia Flyers' Stanley
Cup-winning  Broad Street Bullies in the mid-1970s, announced his retirement
from  hockey yesterday. Dupont's 14-year career included 59 goals and 185
assists for 244 points and 1,986 penalty minutes. . . . Six games into the
Stanley Cup playoffs, the Oilers' Wayne Gretzky has set one playoff record  with
a seven-point performance and tied five others. His four goals and  three
assists in Edmonton's 10-2 victory over Calgary on Sunday surpassed  the record
of six points set by Dickie Moore of Montreal Canadiens in 1954  and later
equalled by Phil Esposito of Boston Bruins, Darryl Sittler of  Toronto Maple
Leafs, Guy Lafleur of Montreal and Mikko Leinonen of New  York Rangers. The
marks that Gretzky tied: most short-handed goals in one  playoff year; most
three-goal games in one playoff year; most short-handed  goals in one game; most
goals in one period; and fastest goal from the  start of a period other than the
first. Teammate Mark Messier shares the  record of most three-goal games. Both
have two so far, tying Doug Bentley  's mark set in 1944 with Chicago Black
Hawks. Messier also tied the record  for most three-goal games in one playoff
series.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW DISCIPLINARY PROCESS DETERMINES ACADEMIC, NONACADEMIC MISCONDUCT AND
PENALTIES;
EDUCATION

BYLINE:  by PAT SCHNEIDER

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 880 words


UW students who cheat on a test, haze a fraternity pledge or drink while
underage can find themselves brought up on disciplinary charges, with the
possibility of being expelled or suspended.

It's a high-stakes situation, with the procedure for determining responsibility
and sanctions spelled out in University of Wisconsin System Administrative Code.
Those rules, adopted by the UW System Board of Regents, have the force of law.

What kind of behavior can lead to disciplinary proceedings at UW?

There are two kinds of behavior tied to disciplinary proceedings: academic
misconduct and nonacademic misconduct. The rules specifying what behavior falls
under each, disciplinary procedures, and possible sanctions are in Chapter UWS
14 (academic misconduct) and Chapter UWS 17 (nonacademic misconduct).

UW-Madison also explains its procedures for academic misconduct and nonacademic
misconduct based on state code.

What kinds of violations are considered academic misconduct?

? Cheating on an examination

? Plagiarism

? Tampering with another student's lab experiment or computer program

? Working with others on what is supposed to be an individual assignment

What kind of nonacademic misconduct does the university get involved in?

The list is long, but includes:

? Conduct that endangers or threatens health or safety

? Sexual assault

? Stalking

? Hazing

? Illegal use or distribution of alcohol or controlled substances ? Property
damage

? Disruption of university-authorized activities

? Misuse of computers

? Violation of criminal law Nonacademic misconduct subject to discipline also
includes violations of the long list of proscriptions in "Conduct on University
Lands," UWS 18. That list runs the gamut from parking and traffic violations to
prohibitions on scalping tickets, climbing on the roof of a campus building and
bringing a gun inside one.

Nonacademic misconduct sanctions can apply not only to things that happen on
campus, but also off university-owned property if the misconduct is a serious
criminal offense, presents a danger to the student or others, or is a pattern of
behavior that impairs the university's ability to fulfill its mission.

What are the possible punishments?

They start with reprimands and end with suspensions and expulsions for both
kinds of misconduct.

In between, there is removal from a course, probation and some sanctions
specific to the type of misconduct. Nonacademic misconduct, for example, can
result in educational sanctions like required participation in programs on
alcohol use or making decisions.

Who decides if a student is "guilty?"

An instructor can decide on his own that a student has engaged in academic
misconduct ? provided he offers to discuss the issue with the student ? for
infractions where the sanction sought is a reprimand, oral or written, or an
assignment to repeat disputed work.

If an instructor is seeking more serious sanctions for academic misconduct, like
a lower or failing grade or removal from a course, the instructor must provide a
written report to the student. The report, which also is sent to the student
affairs office (at UW-Madison, that's the Dean of Students), informs the student
how to request a hearing. If an instructor is seeking probation, suspension or
expulsion of a student, an investigation by staff of the Dean of Students Office
is begun after receipt of a written report.

What's the procedure for nonacademic misconduct?

An investigator from the Dean of Students Office has a conference with the
student and if he determines that nonacademic misconduct occurred, prepares a
report with a recommended sanction. The student can request a hearing for lesser
sanctions; for enrollment restrictions, suspension or expulsion, a hearing is
automatically scheduled unless a student waives it.

What happens at the hearing?

Hearings for both kinds of misconduct may be before a three-person committee or
a hearing examiner. Students have the right to be accompanied by advocates, to
present evidence and witnesses, and to question adverse witnesses.

The hearings don't use the same procedures, burdens of proof, or rules of
evidence as legal proceedings. The burdens of proof, for example, are less
stringent than the "beyond a reasonable doubt" standard used in criminal
proceedings.

And unlike legal proceedings, the disciplinary process is designed not to be
fundamentally adversarial, according to the UW-Madison: "Core to our educational
approach, the University takes steps to ensure that the process is as
non-adversarial as possible, while still safeguarding the rights of involved
students."

Can a student appeal the findings of the hearing?

Proceedings for both academic and nonacademic misconduct allow for appeal to the
chancellor. Students can also ask the UW Board of Regents to review their case.

Are findings of disciplinary proceedings included on transcripts sent to
prospective graduate schools and employers?

Transcripts are sent to future employers or graduate or professional schools
only when requested and authorized by the student. If a student is expelled,
that is visible on the official transcript. If a student receives probation or
suspension, that is visible on the transcript only for the duration of the
probation or suspension. No other disciplinary findings are noted on a
transcript.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   November 12, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Army evaluating range of sexual misconduct problem

BYLINE: WASHINGTON POST, ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 330 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Pentagon's top military officer said Monday the U.S. Army is casting a wide
net to determine how serious a sexual misconduct problem it has in the wake of
allegations of abusive behavior at a training facility.

"We certainly have to assume that it could be happening somewhere else," General
John Shalikashvili, chair of the joint chiefs of staff, said on CBS' This
Morning. "And that's why the army is casting its net very wide all across the
Army, and certainly all training centres, to get to the bottom of this."

In several television appearances Monday marking Veteran's Day, Shalikashvili
echoed the outrage and commitment to seeing justice done that have been
expressed by other senior defence officials since charges of rape and other
sexual crimes were announced last week against trainers at the Aberdeen Proving
Ground's Ordnance Center in Maryland.

The army has filed criminal charges against three military trainers and
administrative charges against two more at the ordnance centre in Aberdeen. Four
drill instructors and a captain were suspended along with 15 other instructors,
who were placed on paid administrative duty. The men facing charges were accused
of harassing at least a dozen women in the first weeks of training.

On Monday, more than 250 calls streamed into an army hotline set up to field
complaints of sexual misconduct throughout the service, bringing the total since
Thursday to nearly 2,000. Officials said 145 complaints received over the past
four days have been deemed serious enough to warrant further inquiry.

Of those, 56 were related to Aberdeen. "The majority of complaints come from
training bases," one official said.

The only other major training facility mentioned by army officials so far as
facing a possible cluster of sexual misconduct cases is Fort Leonard Wood in
Missouri. A separate criminal investigation is looking into allegations there
ranging from rape to fraternization against supervisors.


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

Document: West Covina USD says one complaint of sexual misconduct filed in
school year

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


WEST COVINA - The West Covina Unified School District has responded to this
newspaper's request for districts to release teacher misconduct records,
disclosing that one teacher during the 2011-12 school year was accused of sexual
misconduct.

In the wake of recent sexual misconduct scandals in Los Angeles Unified School
District, this newspaper earlier this month requested records of teacher
misconduct from 28 school districts in the San Gabriel Valley.

West Covina Unified delayed its response until March 19.

"The teacher was assigned at the time at Walnut Grove Intermediate School and
the matter was investigated primarily by local law enforcement officers," the
California Public Records Act request response letter reads. "Further, all
investigations regarding the incident are not closed."

The district did not reveal the name of the teacher and stipulated that because
the allegations were well-founded, disclosing the personnel documents would
require the district to provide advanced noticed to the teacher.

Though, the only West Covina teacher to have been arrested for a sexual crime
was Devin White, who was sentenced to three years in prison for committing lewd
acts with a 13-year-old student at the Walnut Grove Middle School in 2010 and
2011.

White was also convicted of possessing obscene materials on his phone.

West Covina Unified provided its policy on teacher misconduct and policies for
investigating claims of misconduct.

However, in response to the newspaper's request for the number of complaints
received related to teacher misconduct since the 2006-07 school year, the
district said it is not obligated to produce the information.

As far as producing copies of forms sent to the Commission on Teacher
Credentialing related to misconduct, the district said the records are
confidential to protect the identities of students and teachers.

"The District has determined that this request describes existing records which
are contained in the personnel file of a former employee," the letter reads.
"... such CTC correspondence is exempt from disclosure because such disclosure
may constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy for the former
employee."

West Covina Updated Response to Teacher Probe

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            November 25, 2013 Monday

Ex-coach Ivey banned for life

BYLINE: Scott M. Reid Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 409 words


Former U.S. Olympic team coach Mitch Ivey has been banned for life from swimming
by the sport's national governing body 20 years after his history of sexual
misconduct was first publicly reported and more than 30 years since his sexual
abuse and harassment of female swimmers began, the Orange County Register has
learned.

The permanent ban of Ivey, who remained active in the sport decades after his
sexual misconduct became well known within world-class swimming, closes one of
the most embarrassing chapters in USA Swimming's history.

But it raises further questions about the governing body's pursuit of sexual-
misconduct cases and the seriousness in which it takes the issue, questions that
most likely will be repeated on Capitol Hill.

"It's been 30 years," said Nancy Hogshead-Makar, an Olympic swimming champion
who is the Women's Sports Foundation's senior director of advocacy. "Mitch Ivey
has always been the poster child for bad behavior against female swimmers and I
always thought if he can't get banned for life what it's say about every other
coach," who has committed sexual misconduct?

Attempts by the Register to reach Ivey for comment were unsuccessful.

Although the USA Swimming director of Safe Sport told Hogshead-Makar and others
an investigation of Ivey was closed because of a lack of evidence, Ivey was
banned Thursday.

"(USA Swimming) leadership group has shown us time and again that it will not
move to eradicate pedophile coaches from its organization unless there is
literally a gun placed to its head," said B. Robert Allard, an attorney who has
represented a number of sexual-abuse victims in cases involving USA Swimming
including the Rick Curl case.

Curl was banned by USA Swimming earlier this year after being convicted for
sexually abusing a female swimmer in the 1980s beginning when she was 12.

Ivey was banned after he did not participate in a USA Swimming disciplinary
hearing Wednesday, according to documents obtained by the Register. Ivey can
appeal the lifetime ban.

USA Swimming did not respond to a request for comment Sunday.

Ivey was fired in 1993 as the University of Florida swim coach after allegations
surfaced he was sexually involved with teenage swimmers and had sexually
harassed female athletes since the late 1970s.

But even after his dismissal at Florida, Ivey remained active in the sport. In
recent years he has continued to coach at the Episcopal School in Jacksonville,
Fla.



sreid@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Coast Guard to convene General Court-Martial for Coast Guardsman
accused of sexual misconduct

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Coast Guard, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Coast Guard Eighth District is scheduled to convene a General Court-Martial
in New Orleans, Thursday, for a Coast Guardsman accused of misconduct, including
sexual misconduct.

Petty Officer 2nd Class Leonel Hinojosa is accused of violating Article 92
(Dereliction of Duty), Article 107 (False Official Statement), Article 120
(Abusive Sexual Contact), Article 120c (Other Sexual Misconduct) and Article 128
(Assault Consummated by a Battery) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice for
his conduct towards four fellow service members. Among the allegations, he is
suspected of having made fraudulent representation that the sexual contact
served a professional purpose, namely that he needed to perform a medical
examination upon them.

Rear Admiral Kevin S. Cook, commander, Eighth District, referred Hinojosa's case
to General Court-Martial September 30, 2014, following an article 32 hearing,
held on July 16-17, 2014, which is similar to a civilian grand jury hearing.

Hinojosa is a health services technician assigned to the Coast Guard Sector
Corpus Christi. Hinojosa was administratively assigned to BASE New Orleans for
the duration of the investigation and proceedings.

The Coast Guard is not releasing the names of the victims to protect their
privacy.

The General Court-Martial will be open to the public. It will be held in room
741a on the 7th floor of the Hale Boggs Federal Building in New Orleans at 8
a.m. on Thursday, March 5, 2015. Members of the media or public interested in
attending can contact the Eighth Coast Guard District External Affairs office at
(504) 671-2020.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 9, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Judge in Los Angeles Ousted for Misconduct

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 24, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 8


A Los Angeles judge has been removed from office for ''persistent and
pervasive'' misconduct, including making racist remarks and holding a bargain
day on which sentences for misdemeanor offenders were halved.

The ouster of Judge Mario P. Gonzalez of East Los Angeles Municipal Court was
ordered Monday in a unanimous decision by the State Supreme Court. The high
court said he could continue to practice law.

The court accepted 20 of the 21 counts filed against the judge by the California
Commission on Judicial Performance, the judicial review agency that had asked
the state's high court to remove Judge Gonzalez, who was appointed in 1972 by
Governor Reagan.

''Judge Gonzalez' misconduct has been persistent and pervasive,'' the court
found. ''Because we recognize the important role that the municipal court judge
plays in our judicial system, we cannot risk the recurrence of petitioner's
misconduct.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

MANY CASES CONCEALED

BYLINE: Lois Norder and JeffErnsthausen; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 1031 words


How pervasive is physician sexual misconduct?

The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, in an analysis of public records from every
state, identified more than 3,100 doctors accused of sexual misconduct,
including more than 2,400 doctors whose cases clearly involved patients.

But the AJC also found those numbers represent only a fraction of the doctors
who had sexual violations since Jan. 1, 1999. Many violations never came to the
attention of state regulators. In other cases, public board orders -- i.e.,
documents issued by a state agency to discipline a doctor -- weren't available
online for violations that did result in sanctions. So while the vast majority
of the nation's 900,000 licensed physicians don't sexually abuse patients, no
one knows the extent of the problem. Here's why physician sexual misconduct is
concealed:

| Hospitals, clinics and fellow doctors fail to report sexual misconduct to
regulators, despite laws in most states requiring them to do so. The only public
board order on Dr. Michael Roy Sharpe came in Alabama, after he was arrested for
raping a teenage patient. Before moving there, he had been fired by three
hospitals in Tennessee, two for sexual misconduct, though there were no board
actions against him in that state. In Wisconsin, the state Department of
Corrections failed to tell the medical board it had barred Dr. Brian Bohlmann
from doing genital or rectal exams of inmates without a chaperone. The board
found out in 2008, when he was charged with multiple criminal counts involving
sexual abuse.

| Medical boards in many states issue private letters of concern or confidential
agreements. The AJC became aware of these in select cases when doctors'
subsequent violations led to public board orders. In North and South Carolina,
for example, Dr. Darlington I. Hart got multiple private letters of concern,
dating back to 2001, before South Carolina issued a public order temporarily
suspending his license in 2011 without stating a reason, and he surrendered his
North Carolina license. It was 2013 before a public order detailed allegations
of sexual misconduct. Other states told the AJC they use private orders
routinely for first offenders.

| Doctors who sexually violate patients may enter "impaired physician" programs
in most states and avoid public sanctions. In Michigan, doctors may be able to
avoid the disciplinary process by going to a private recovery service. In
Illinois, the Professional Health Program includes not only doctors who have
abused drugs and alcohol, but also doctors with sexual violations.

| Medical regulators in almost every state, in response to open records requests
from the AJC, said they could not provide data listing reasons that doctors were
sanctioned. Minnesota ignored repeated requests for the information.

| Some medical boards have only a few years' orders on their websites. North
Dakota only provides public disciplinary documents issued since 2012; Hawaii,
only orders issued in the past five years; New Mexico, only those since 2011.
Vermont, New Hampshire and Massachusetts provide only 10 years' worth of orders.
In Kentucky, the AJC had to file written requests to obtain orders for some
doctors it had identified as having sexual offenses. Some boards remove all
information on doctors who are no longer licensed.

| Rather than post orders, some boards provide only a list of sanctions,
sometimes without any information on the nature of the violation. Boards in
Arkansas, Illinois, Mississippi, Wyoming and Oklahoma are among those that don't
post orders. Mississippi charges $25 per doctor for orders.

| Medical boards may decline to investigate some patient complaints because of
time limits. California can only act on complaints reported within 10 years by
adult patients. In New Hampshire, the statute of limitations for most board
investigations is five years.

| In some states, regulatory authorities bring their investigations to a halt
and list no allegations or findings when a doctor voluntarily surrenders his
license. In Alabama, for example, the board's website gives no reason why Dr.
Cris Cole surrendered his license in 2004. But law enforcement records show that
the pediatrician was arrested on charges of sexually abusing two minors when he
was medical director of a children's hospital. While Ohio usually provides the
public with very detailed board orders, it showed only that Dr. Samuel J.
Bracken Jr. had surrendered his license; a reciprocal order in another state
shows he had been charged with sexual assault of a 15-year-old.

| In many states, public orders are so vague that the AJC could only identify
sexual misconduct cases through court documents, news reports or reciprocal
orders from other states. Wyoming's order gave no reason for revoking the
license of Dr. Ronald L. Gooder, but a news report showed that the board found
clear and convincing evidence that he had sexually exploited patients. Michigan
said only that an administrative complaint had been filed against Dr. Kassem
Hallak when it suspended him in 2011. The move came, though, as criminal charges
were being brought alleging he had molested women and girls at his clinic.
Kansas redacts and marks as confidential large portions of some medical board
orders, including the terms under which doctors may practice when they are on
probation. In Nevada, remediation agreements the board negotiates with doctors
are public records, but the board is required by law to remove the name of the
doctor.

| Medical authorities have relied on physicians to self-report sexual misconduct
with patients. They don't.

| Because most medical authorities could not provide the AJC with information on
doctor violations, the AJC amassed disciplinary documents through computer
programs that collected them from regulators' websites and rated the likelihood
that they involved sexual misconduct. That process will have missed some cases
on regulators' websites and failed to identify all cases of sexual misconduct in
the documents that were obtained.

(Box)

In response to an open records request by the AJC, medical regulators in almost
every state said they could not provide data listing reasons doctors were
sanctioned.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

Alleged misconduct, improper behavior by Put-In-Bay police being investigated

BYLINE: Tom Troy, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


Aug. 30--PUT-IN-BAY, Ohio -- Ottawa County Sheriff Steve Levorchick has launched
an investigation of alleged misconduct and improper behavior by members of the
Put-in-Bay Police Department, the sheriff confirmed today.

Sheriff Levorchick is working with the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation and
has requested a special prosecutor from Lucas County to present any charges that
may arise to a grand jury.

"We've received numerous complaints from individuals on South Bass Island of
misconduct in the police department," Sheriff Levorchick said.

He said one of his investigators and an investigator from BCI are on South Bass
Island looking into the complaints.

"The investigation's in the early stages. Our job is to investigate, gather
evidence, gather statements, and present it to the prosecuting attorney's
office," Sheriff Levorchick said, noting that the investigation has been under
way for several weeks but could not be publicly disclosed until Friday.

The allegations included a complaint from Dennis Rechtenwald, a former Port
Clinton schools superintendent who was handcuffed after being stopped on his
property for a traffic violation in July, and abuse complaints from three
employees of Put-in-Bay Resort last September.

Sheriff Levorchick said he discussed the need for a special prosecutor with
Ottawa County Prosecutor Mark Mulligan because Mr. Mulligan's name came up in
one of the allegations.

The Sandusky Register reported today that surveillance video associated with the
Put-in-Bay Resort arrests includes Put-in Bay Police Sgt. Steve Korossy stating
that Mr. Mulligan authorized the arrests.

Mr. Mulligan did not immediately respond to a phone call today.

The sheriff said he also contacted a federal agency to participate in the
investigation based on the nature of some of the allegations. He declined to
identify that agency.

Contact Tom Troy at: tomtroy@theblade.com or 419-724-6058 and on Twitter
@TomFTroy.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140830-TO-Alleged-misconduct
-improper-behavior-by-Put-In-Bay-police-being-investigated-0830-20140830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          November 24, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

State seeking authority to investigate EMTs

BYLINE: Arthur Kane Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 329 words


The state will seek legislation next year to allow it to investigate emergency
medical technicians in light of misconduct allegations that surfaced in summer
about Denver Health employees.

More than a dozen EMTs were accused of misconduct in June, with five of them
losing their jobs after an internal Denver Health investigation.

Privacy laws prevented state health officials from investigating the matter.

Douglas Benevento, executive director of the state Department of Public Health
and Environment, wants to change that.

"This bill is our top priority," he said. "There was not much we could do (when
the misconduct allegations surfaced). We were in a bad spot."

The State Emergency Medical Services and Trauma Advisory Council issued
recommendations in September that include:

Having an agency with subpoena power to investigate EMT misconduct.

Requiring employers, doctors and others to report misconduct claims to the
state.

Protecting whistle-blowers.

Keeping disciplinary allegations private unless there is state action.

The state would have jurisdiction over misconduct such as alcohol and drug
abuse, theft and fraud allegations and substandard care, the panel recommended.

Dr. F. Keith Battan, who chairs the advisory council, said he would urge that
state officials stick closely to the committee's report.

"The recommendations mirror the opinions of the major stakeholders," he said,
adding that doctors, firefighters, paramedics and other emergency medical
service personnel are on the panel.

But Benevento said the state is consulting with the Colorado Municipal League
and others in drafting the final bill.

Mike McNeill, District 9 vice president of the International Association of Fire
Fighters, said the state needs to balance the care issues for patients and the
privacy of EMTs.

"I think you're going to see a cautious movement not to throw the baby out with
the bath water," McNeill said.

Staff writer Arthur Kane can be reached at 303-820-1626 or akane@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Expulsions for sexual assault at area colleges

LENGTH: 447  words


The Inquirer asked area universities how many sexual assault cases their
judicial panels have heard in the last five years and how many students were
expelled for those offenses.
West Chester: In the last five years, 19 students were found "responsible" for
violating the school's sexual misconduct and harassment policy. Two of those
cases went before a judicial board. The others were decided by the director of
judicial affairs. Eight of those cases involved sexual misconduct ranging from
unwanted fondling to penetration. Nine students were placed on disciplinary
probation, eight were suspended and two were expelled.


Rowan: Since 2010, the university's board has held 12 hearings, seven for sexual
assault and five for fondling. In three of the 12 cases, the accused students
were deemed not guilty. Five cases resulted in expulsion. Other sanctions
included one-year and two-year suspensions.
Rutgers: Over the last five years, 12 cases went before its board, three of
which resulted in expulsion. University of Pennsylvania: The student
disciplinary office reviewed 11 cases for the 2013-14 year and 35 over the
preceding five years. Not all cases reviewed by the office go to a disciplinary
hearing, the school noted. Penn declined to release the number of students
expelled for sexual misconduct.
Swarthmore: From Fall 2009 to Spring 2013, the college's misconduct board heard
104 cases, but those also included academic misconduct, in addition to sexual
assault and harassment. There were four expulsions for sexual misconduct, all in
2013.
Bryn Mawr: Two cases went before the judicial panel in the last five years. No
students have been expelled in that time.
University of Delaware: In the last five years, 34 cases have gone before a
hearing officer. Five students were expelled and a plethora of other sanctions
were used including suspensions.
Rosemont: The school reports no hearings or expulsions for sexual assault in the
last five years.
Immaculata: The university has had eight sexual assault/harassment reports in
the last five years; not all of those cases were necessarily handled by the
conduct board and Title IX coordinator. No students have been expelled for
sexual assault/harassment in the last five years.
Princeton: In 2013-14, four students were found responsible for sexual
misconduct, which can range from rape to harassment to stalking. Of the four,
one was expelled, two were suspended, and one was placed on a lengthy
disciplinary probation.
Other universities: Temple, Philadelphia University, St. Joseph's, La Salle,
Drexel, Haverford, Villanova, Widener and Pennsylvania State University did not
provide numbers.

 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

West Covina Unified responds to request for teacher misconduct records

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 368 words


Click Here: To view the document

WEST COVINA - The West Covina Unified School District has responded to this
newspaper's request for districts to release teacher misconduct records,
disclosing that one teacher during the 2011-12 school year was accused of sexual
misconduct.

In the wake of recent sexual misconduct scandals in Los Angeles Unified School
District, this newspaper earlier this month requested records of teacher
misconduct from 28 school districts in the San Gabriel Valley.

West Covina Unified delayed its response until March 19.

"The teacher was assigned at the time at Walnut Grove Intermediate School and
the matter was investigated primarily by local law enforcement officers," the
California Public Records Act request response letter reads. "Further, all
investigations regarding the incident are not closed."

The district did not reveal the name of the teacher and stipulated that because
the allegations were well-founded, disclosing the personnel documents would
require the district to provide advanced noticed to the teacher.

Though, the only West Covina teacher to have been arrested for a sexual crime
was Devin White, who was sentenced to three years in prison for committing lewd
acts with a 13-year-old student at the Walnut Grove Middle School in 2010 and
2011.

White was also convicted of possessing obscene materials on his phone.

West Covina Unified provided its policy on teacher misconduct and policies for
investigating claims of misconduct.

However, in response to the newspaper's request for the number of complaints
received related to teacher misconduct since the 2006-07 school year, the
district said it is not obligated to produce the information.

As far as producing copies of forms sent to the Commission on Teacher
Credentialing related to misconduct, the district said the records are
confidential to protect the identities of students and teachers.

"The District has determined that this request describes existing records which
are contained in the personnel file of a former employee," the letter reads.
"... such CTC correspondence is exempt from disclosure because such disclosure
may constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy for the former
employee."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          August 4, 1995, Friday, ONT

22 killed in Karachi as revenge wave hits

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 481 words


   KARACHI (Reuter) - At least 22 people, including a magistrate and his armed
guard, were killed in this Pakistani city yesterday during a new wave of
violence described by authorities as revenge killings.

The violence followed Wednesday's killing of four militants of the ethnic
Mohajir National Movement (MQM), including Farooq Dada, alleged head of a
terrorist squad.

Judge strikes down

assisted suicide law

PORTLAND, Ore. (Reuter) - A federal judge yesterday struck down Oregon's
assisted suicide law, saying it violated the right to equal protection under the
U.S. Constitution.

U.S. District Judge Michael Hogan issued a permanent injunction against the
so-called Death with Dignity Law, which was approved in a voters' referendum
last November.

More accusations

against senator

WASHINGTON (Reuter) - Two more women have accused Senator Bob Packwood of sexual
misconduct and the Senate Ethics Committee is investigating their charges, the
committee said yesterday.

The allegations were disclosed as the committee entered the last stages of a
32-month investigation of sexual and official misconduct charges against the
62-year-old Oregon Republican.

Seven arrests made

in slavery ring

LOS ANGELES (Reuter) - Seven suspects have been arrested for allegedly enslaving
scores of Thai immigrants and forcing them into years of garment factory
servitude.

A U.S. Attorney spokesperson said the operation, which lasted a few years,
included smuggling illegal Thai immigrants into the United States and paying
substandard wages and then withholding the money as payment for their passage.

Free lobsters for

lucky townsfolk

ISLAND FALLS, Maine (AP) - A truck ran off the highway and left a windfall for
dinner: 6,300 kilograms of free lobster.

With no facilities available to handle the $55,000 (U.S.) worth of crustaceans,
the owner of the truck asked police to arrange to have them distributed to the
folks of this town just west of New Brunswick.

Yeltsin looks better

in television speech

MOSCOW (Reuter) - Russian President Boris Yeltsin spoke clearly and confidently
in a televised speech to the nation yesterday and showed no visible
after-effects of a mild heart attack last month.

Dressed in a dark suit, the 64-year-old Kremlin leader looked in good health on
his return to the political stage with a speech devoted to moves toward peace in
rebel Chechnya.

Italian politician

attempts striptease

ROME (Reuter) - Stewards stopped a striptease by a member of Italy's august
Senate yesterday when the protesting politician began unbuttoning his trousers.

Giorgio Cavitelli, of the federalist Northern League, had removed his jacket and
tie and was turning his attention to his pants when the stewards carried him out
of the assembly. Cavitelli was trying to get his party's position on preventive
detention noticed.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      May 23, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Red Wings Romp: Larionov & Co. push defending champions to brink

BYLINE: NEIL STEVENS, THE CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


The Detroit Red Wings have not only pushed the Colorado Avalanche to the brink
of elimination, they've got the NHL's defending champions hanging over the edge
of the cliff and they're stomping on their fingertips.

A 6-0 romp Thursday night for a 3-1 lead in the Western Conference final must be
enough to convince the last handful of doubters that the Red Wings indeed are
for real. Chances of ending the team's 42-year Stanley Cup drought have never
looked so good.

Igor Larionov and Kirk Maltby, with two goals each, Vyacheslav Kozlov and Sergei
Fedorov scored for Detroit. Martin Lapointe added three assists while goaltender
Mike Vernon earned an easy, 19-save shutout. Detroit had 38 shots on goal.

As for the Avalanche, they lost their cool after being man-handled for the
entire match.

In fact, a livid coach Mark Crawford had to be restrained from leaping into the
Red Wings bench during a screaming match with counterpart Scotty Bowman
following an on-ice brawl with 2:18 left in the game. There was a 20-minute
delay as numerous fights broke out in the final minute.

The two teams racked up 226 minutes in penalties -- a sign of the bad blood that
has lingered between the two clubs since last year's playoffs when Colorado's
Claude Lemieux hit Detroit's Kris Draper from behind and broke his jaw.

Colorado -- in particular goaltender Patrick Roy -- came undone in the most
pitiful of ways on Thursday, looking nothing like defending champions.

Roy tried to inspire his teammates by physically accosting Red Wings, but wound
up merely looking foolish.

He suffered the ultimate humiliation of being replaced, after allowing five
goals in 40 minutes, by backup Craig Billington.

A Detroit win appeared inevitable by the end of a first period in which the Red
Wings outshot Colorado 14-2 and took a 2-0 lead.

Detroit 6 Calorado 0

First Period

1. Detroit, Larionov 3 (Kozlov, Lapointe) 1:52 (pp)

2. Detroit, Larionov 4 (Lapointe, Shanahan) 7:15

Penalties -- Lefebvre Col (roughing) 1:09, Gusarov Col (hooking) 3:16, Forsberg
Col (elbowing) 13:03, Col bench (too many men, served by Kamensky) 17:14,
Lemieux Col (high-sticking), Roy Col (misconduct, served by Yelle) 19:56.

Second Period

3. Detroit, Kozlov 8 (Fedorov) 12:24

4. Detroit, Fedorov 4 (Lidstrom) 16:54 (pp)

5. Detroit, Maltby 2 19:14

Penalties -- Rouse Det (holding) 5:07, Klemm Col (holding) 8:28, Kozlov Det
(cross-checking) 10:15, Foote Col (elbowing) 16:32, Fetisov Det (roughing)
17:43, Ricci Col (roughing) 18:13.

Third Period

6. Detroit, Maltby 3 (Kocur, Draper) 5:25

Penalties -- Sandstrom Det (interference) 1:12, Ozolinsh Col (slashing) 2:48,
Messier Col (slashing) 7:13, Deadmarsh Col (roughing, misconduct), Foote Col
(high-sticking, instigating, fighting, misconduct), Fetisov Det (roughing,
misconduct), Konstantinov Det (fighting) 10:35, Kocur Det (double roughing,
misconduct), Lefebvre Col, Ward Det (fighting, misconduct), Lemieux Col, Rouse,
Det, Keane Col, McCarty Det (misconductds) 13:26, Corbet Col (goaltender
interference) 13:58, Lapointe Det (tripping, instigating, fighting, game
misconduct), Lacroix Col (fighting, misconduct), Corbert Col, Shanahan Det
(fighting, game misconduct) 17:42.

Shots on goal by

Colorado 2 13 4--19

Detroit 14 11 13--38

Power play (goals-chances) -- Colorado 0-5, Detroit 2-11.

Goal -- Colorado: Roy (L,9-6); Detroit: Vernon (W,11-3).

Referee -- Paul Devorski. Linesmen -- Gord Broseker, Brian Murphy.

Attendance -- 19,983.

TV game tonight

(Time MDT)

- 5:30 p.m. (CBC Ch. 6-9, 16, 11, 66 CFR) Philadelphia Flyers at N.Y. Rangers;
Game 4 of best-of-seven Eastern Conference final.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Photo: Tom Pidgeon, Associated Press / MIX UP: Red Wings forward Kirk
Maltby (18) tangles with Avalanche left winger Rene Corbet along the boards
early in Game 4 on Thursday night. Maltby later scored twice in Detroit's 6-0
rout.
Photo: Tom Pidgeon, Associated Press / TWO IN A ROW: Detroit's Igor Larionov
celebrates his second goal of the first period Thursday night during 6-0 win
over Colorado.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                           February 10, 2007 Saturday

Portland 2, Penguins 1

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 396 words


Portlan                                                                    011-2
d
Penguin                                                                    001-1
s

First Period-No scoring. Penalties-Dixon, WBS (slashing), 9:01; Peters, Ptl
(hooking), 15:25.

Second Period-1. Portland, Motko 15 (Rome, Weinrich), 18:35 (pp).
Penalties-Peters, Ptl, major (fighting), 2:39; Skolney, WBS, major (fighting),
2:39; Rome, Ptl (roughing), 6:48; Salcido, Ptl (hooking), 8:15; DuPont, WBS
(holding), 15:37; Welch, WBS (roughing), 17:45.

Third Period-2. Portland, Brent 12 (Weinrich), 18:48 (pp). 3.
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Jacques 5 (Gilbert, Filewich), 19:58. Penalties-Skolney,
WBS (slashing), 1:23; Amadio, Ptl, major-game misconduct (fighting), 3:57;
Ferguson, Ptl, major (fighting), 3:57; Skolney, WBS, minor-double major-
misconduct-game misconduct (fighting); Wilson, Ptl minor-major (closing hand on
the puck, fighting), 8:37; Carcillo, WBS, minor-major (slashing, fighting),
8:37; Brookbank, WBS (misconduct), 8:51; Motzko, Ptl (tripping), 10:17;
Carcillo, WBS (high-sticking), 16:52; Endicott, Ptl (roughing), 19:58; Jacques,
WBS (roughing), 19:58.

Shots on goal-Portland 9-4-7-20. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 7-8-7-22.

Power-play Opportunities-Portland 2 of 6; Wilkes-Barre/Scranton 0 of 4.

Goalies-Portland, Caron 6-6-0 (22 shots-21 saves). Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Dubnyk
2-1-0 (20-18).

A-8,005. T-2:38.

Referee-Joe Ernst. Linesmen-Jim Harper, Bob Goodman.

SLAP SHOTS

Three stars:1. Portland, Sebastien Caron (21 saves). 2. Portland, Joe Motzko (1
goal, 4 shots). 3. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton, Wade Skolney (39 PIM).

Key stat:Penguins D Wade Skolney racked up 39 minutes in penalties thanks to
three fighting majors, two minors, a misconduct and a game misconduct.

Snapped:Portland snapped an 11-game road winless streak. The Pirates hadn't won
a game away from the Cumberland County Civic Center since Nov. 24.

Quotable:"Skols was the guy who got our team going. He really was the catalyst
for us."   Penguins head coach Todd Richards on Wade Skolney.

Starters:Portland-G Sebastien Caron, D Eric Weinrich, D Aaron Rome, LW Geoff
Peters, C Shane Endicott, RW Tim Brent. Penguins-G Devan Dubnyk, D D Tom
Gilbert, D Wade Skolney, LW Patrick Thoresen, C Kurtis McLean, RW J.F Jacques.

Scratches:Portland-D Joe Rullier. Penguins-G Jeff Deslauriers (suspended), D
Curtiss Patrick, C Tyler Kennedy (upper body), C Kyle Brodziak (hand), LW Ryan
Stone (hand), RW Tim Wallace (hand), RW Dennis Bonvie.

Up next:Binghamton at Penguins, 7:05 p.m., today.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Mercury News editorial: Police, doctors' discipline should be made public

BYLINE: Mercury News Editorial

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 464 words


For far too long police and doctors, with help from powerful lobbying in
Sacramento, have been able to hide their own bad behavior from public view.

It's time to stop it. Lawmakers need to put the public good ahead of special
interests and require disclosure.

Two bills introduced in the state Senate this month will test lawmakers'
allegiances. One, SB 1286 by Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, would lift the curtain
on police misconduct. The other, SB 1033 by Jerry Hill, D-San Mateo, would
require doctors on probation for serious offenses to notify their patients.

In both cases, the current systems are absurd. These are people responsible for
protecting our health and safety. When individuals with life and death power
abuse that trust, the public should know.

Police misconduct is very much on the minds of San Jose residents just now. Many
were stunned by an arbitrator's recent order to reinstate a police officer who
was fired for racist and threatening tweets about Black Lives Matter. Leno's
bill could empower cities to make arbitration proceedings public in cases like
Officer Phillip White's.

All personnel records should be afforded a certain degree of privacy, but police
enjoy protections way beyond those for other public employees. Leno's bill would
restore some balance by requiring disclosure of investigation records in any
serious use-of-force case. These cases deserve public scrutiny, no matter what
the outcome, to ensure that allegations are being fairly evaluated.

The bill also would bring sunshine to cases of proven misconduct when the
public's legal rights are violated and in cases of proven job-related
dishonesty.

With these rules, the public would know if some officers are prone to
unnecessary violence or other misconduct. Assuming incidents are rare,
disclosure should shore up confidence in the police. If violations are common,
that's a different matter, but all the more reason for sunshine.

Doctors are similarly shielded from disclosure when they're placed on probation
by the California Medical Board -- a very serious action taken against only
about one in 20 doctors. They have to notify their employers and the hospitals
where they practice, but not their patients.

The medical board's answer is a clunky website where patients can look up their
doctors, presumably before making every appointment. It's ridiculous. The proper
remedy is obvious, but the board, dominated by doctors, has no interest in
transparency.

So Hill proposes requiring that doctors on probation for serious offenses --
which would be nearly all cases -- provide patients with written notification
before each visit.

These are reasonable bills that most Californians would support. The question
now is whether their elected representatives will side with them or special
interests.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Sharpton set to speak at conference, town hall

BYLINE: Harold McNeil News Staff Reporter

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 458 words


When police are accused of misconduct, a special prosecutor ought to be at the
helm of any investigation instead of the local prosecutor, according to the Rev.
Al Sharpton.

Sharpton, who will be in Buffalo on Thursday as keynote speaker for a four-day
conference on the criminal justice system,  said in an interview with The
Buffalo News that he will bring his prescriptions for improving law enforcement
and police-community relations when he speaks.

"I'm going to talk about how New York can be the model for the nation and how we
correct racial inequities in the criminal justice system," Sharpton said.

Starting with the installation of a special prosecutor who would be under the
purview of the state Attorney General's Office, New York could be a model for
other states around the country in how to address allegations of police
misconduct, Sharpton said.

"We've seen police misconduct that has been most represented by Eric Garner in
the chokehold case," he said, referring to an unarmed  New York City man who
died while being arrested there.

"I think we have an opportunity - in this time (when) the nation is looking to
deal with race in the criminal justice system - to be the model, and that will
be my challenge to those judges and people in the criminal justice system that
will be there," Sharpton said of those who are expected to attend the 27th
National Consortium on Racial and Ethnic Fairness in the Courts Conference in
Buffalo starting Thursday.

"We need a special prosecutor - that's not the county prosecutor, but statewide
from the justice department - to handle these cases. The special prosecutor
would be appointed, or the justice department, which the attorney general
appointed.

"Anytime you're dealing with local county prosecutors, you're dealing with local
county politics, and that has the potential - it doesn't always make the case -
but it has the potential of poisoning the waters, and we should remove any doubt
from the citizens when we see this litany of cases," Sharpton added.

The conference will feature a public town hall meeting on improving law
enforcement's relations with the community. Reservations were required to attend
the town hall event at the Hyatt Regency Buffalo Hotel, where Sharpton will
deliver his keynote address.

Buffalo Common Council President Darius G. Pridgen will serve as moderator of
the town hall, and panelists will include Erie County District Attorney Frank A.
Sedita III; Buffalo Deputy Police Commissioner Kimberly L. Beaty; Niagara Falls
Mayor Paul A. Dyster; New York State Deputy Commissioner for Civil Rights
Alphonso David; and various legal scholars.  The conference will draw 250 judges
and attorneys from across the nation.

email:  hmcneil@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 11, 2015 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Sharpton urges special prosecutor to handle police cases

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 455 words


When police are accused of misconduct, a special prosecutor ought to be at the
helm of any investigation instead of the local prosecutor, according to the Rev.
Al Sharpton.

Sharpton, who will be in Buffalo on Thursday as keynote speaker for a four-day
conference on the criminal justice system,  said in an interview with The
Buffalo News that he will bring his prescriptions for improving law enforcement
and police-community relations when he speaks.

"I'm going to talk about how New York can be the model for the nation and how we
correct racial inequities in the criminal justice system," Sharpton said.

Starting with the installation of a special prosecutor who would be under the
purview of the state Attorney General's Office, New York could be a model for
other states around the country in how to address allegations of police
misconduct, Sharpton said.

"We've seen police misconduct that has been most represented by Eric Garner in
the chokehold case," he said, referring to an unarmed  New York City man who
died while being arrested there.

"I think we have an opportunity - in this time (when) the nation is looking to
deal with race in the criminal justice system - to be the model, and that will
be my challenge to those judges and people in the criminal justice system that
will be there," Sharpton said of those who are expected to attend the 27th
National Consortium on Racial and Ethnic Fairness in the Courts Conference in
Buffalo starting Thursday.

"We need a special prosecutor - that's not the county prosecutor, but statewide
from the justice department - to handle these cases. The special prosecutor
would be appointed, or the justice department, which the attorney general
appointed.

"Anytime you're dealing with local county prosecutors, you're dealing with local
county politics, and that has the potential - it doesn't always make the case -
but it has the potential of poisoning the waters, and we should remove any doubt
from the citizens when we see this litany of cases," Sharpton added.

The conference will feature a public town hall meeting on improving law
enforcement's relations with the community. Reservations were required to attend
the town hall event at the Hyatt Regency Buffalo Hotel, where Sharpton will
deliver his keynote address.

Buffalo Common Council President Darius G. Pridgen will serve as moderator of
the town hall, and panelists will include Erie County District Attorney Frank A.
Sedita III; Buffalo Deputy Police Commissioner Kimberly L. Beaty; Niagara Falls
Mayor Paul A. Dyster; New York State Deputy Commissioner for Civil Rights
Alphonso David; and various legal scholars.  The conference will draw 250 judges
and attorneys from across the nation.

email: hmcneil@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday

Longtime Kitsap doctor charged with sexual misconduct

BYLINE: Rachel Pritchett, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


March 06--SILVERDALE -- A state panel has charged a longtime children's doctor
with sexual misconduct involving the mother of one of his patients.

Saad Al-Agba, 76, practices pediatrics and pediatric endocrinology at Silverdale
Pediatrics on Levin Road, where his daughter, Dr. Niran Al-Agba, works as well.

Saad Al-Agba, who has treated children for 43 years, said the charges are
"false."

He is accused of inappropriately kissing a patient's mother on the mouth during
the child's appointment at his office in February 2012.

In March 2012, the doctor continued to pursue the mother, according to the
accusation, by visiting her at home unannounced to bring the child a gift.
During that visit, the doctor inappropriately touched the woman on her hair and
back, according to the charges from the Medical Quality Assurance Commission of
the Department of Health.

After that, the woman stopped having Al-Agba as her child's doctor.

He had become increasingly friendly with the unidentified woman starting in
2009, when her husband died, the charges allege. She had taken her child to
Al-Agba since 2007.

Al-Agba told the Kitsap Sun his wife works as a manager at the practice and was
just feet away when the woman claimed he kissed her.

"Actually, she claims that I kissed her and it was in front of my wife," he
said.

The Al-Agba's family has been known locally through the years, especially in
tennis circles. Son Laith, one of the top area prep tennis players, died in a
2007 fall from a roof in Seattle at age 26. Another son, Jamil, was a college
tennis standout at the University of Southern California. Both were Olympic High
School graduates.

Saad Al-Abga grew up in Turkey and Iraq. He graduated from the University of
Baghdad College of Medicine, according to www.healthgrades.com, an informational
site about doctors. He completed an internship at Michael Reese Hospital and
Medical Center of Chicago, now closed, and a residency at Nassau University
Medical Center of New York, once called Meadowbrook Hospital. In addition, he
had a fellowship at the University of Washington Medical Center.

While at the UW, Al-Agba said he spotted a newspaper ad seeking a doctor with
his specialties. It was from The Doctors Clinic. Al-Agba worked for West Sound's
biggest doctor network for the next 17 years before striking out on his own in
1986.

Today, Al-Agba lives in Illahee.

A date for a hearing on the charges has not yet been set. Once a date is set,
the doctor and the panel could explore a settlement option. The case could be
dismissed or sanctions ranging from probation with conditions to the doctor
losing his license could be imposed.

The state has not imposed previous sanctions against Al-Agba.

He said the charges are upsetting.

"I've never gone through this before," he said.

___ (c)2013 the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton, Wash.) Visit the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton,
Wash.) at www.kitsapsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130306-1BR-Longtime-Kitsap-doctor-charged-with-sexual-misconduct
-0306-20130306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2013 Kitsap Sun


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                    November 3, 2004 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

S.F. OFFICER ACCUSED OF MISCONDUCT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 625 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A veteran police officer has been accused of threatening a
handcuffed suspect while he was off duty.

Michael Maxwell, 45, a 22-year-veteran, already faces departmental misconduct
charges for two other alleged off-duty offenses.

The latest incident took place Nov. 1, 2003, when someone threw liquid on
Maxwell's car. He called police and told the dispatcher that the man had a gun.
Officers then stopped a suspect and handcuffed him. Maxwell began threatening
the suspect when he showed up and had to be dragged away, according to the
charges.

He later told internal affairs investigators that he had never seen a gun and
said that a woman he was with at the time made the phone call to police.
Department records point to Maxwell as the one who made the call.

Maxwell could be fired if the Police Commission finds him guilty of misconduct.

San Jose

Competitor bids to replace med center

Regional Medical Center of San Jose wants to replace the trauma center the city
will lose when its sister hospital San Jose Medical Center closes in December.

Regional filed an application to do so with Santa Clara County health officials
Monday.

The abrupt closing of San Jose Medical, announced by corporate owner HCA Inc. in
September, angered many residents, but Santa Clara County's top health official,
Bob Sillen, said he will not succumb to community pressure and rubber stamp the
new application.

The 324-bed hospital's two-bed trauma center served nearly 2,000 patients in
2003, and Regional's would serve a similar number.

The closing of San Jose Medical would leave the city with two other trauma
centers -- county-run Valley Medical Center in San Jose and Stanford Medical
Center in Palo Alto.

Citrus Heights

Justices side with fired water manager

The California Supreme Court has reinstated a $4.5 million award to a state
water association manager who lost his job after questioning millions of dollars
in insurance contracts.

The court in San Francisco ruled unanimously Monday in favor of Jerry Stockett,
who formerly managed the Association of California Water Agencies Joint Powers
Insurance Authority. The Citrus Heights-based consortium represents about half
the state's public water agencies.

In his lawsuit, Stockett said he was fired without explanation in 1995, not long
after he complained that members of the authority's executive committee and its
insurance broker, William G. Malone, were buying insurance without determining
whether they got the best deal.

Stockett alleged that Malone and some committee members conspired to fire him
when they learned he wanted rebidding of $19.5 million in liability insurance
contracts.

A Sacramento Superior Court jury ruled in Stockett's favor, but the state Court
of Appeal reversed the decision because of discrepancies between the legal
grounds cited in Stockett's lawsuit and those listed in his administrative
claim.

The Supreme Court disagreed Monday, ruling that the administrative claim fairly
reflected the basic facts and legal theories that Stockett presented to the
jury.

Los Angeles

Smuggler madam receives 4 years

A madam who smuggled Mexican women and teenagers into the United States to work
as prostitutes was sentenced Monday to 4 years in prison.

Maria Valle-Maldonado, a 27-year-old Mexican national, admitted to running a
business in which migrants worked as prostitutes, with part of their pay going
to reimburse her for fees she paid to sneak them into the country.

At least two dozen women and teens were recruited in Mexico and brought into the
United States, where they worked at a South Los Angeles home and at Southern
California massage parlors, prosecutors said.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                              May 18, 2007 Friday

Rashidah GRINAGE MY WORD Police misconduct hearings should be open

SECTION: TIMES-STAR; Tribune; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 532 words


WE NOW know that Pat Tillman's death was caused by friendly fire. We also know
that some military authorities tried to prevent the release of this information
to the public and ordered their subordinates to keep quiet. The American people
are justifiably outraged.

But if Pat Tillman had been a California police officer and his family filed a
complaint with the police department, they would not have been able to compel
the release of information about the actions of his fellow officers unless they
filed a lawsuit.

Nor would they be told of any discipline imposed on those officers. According to
the California Supreme Court, the privacy rights of those officers would
outweigh the public's right to know.

Following the court's misguided and unconscionable decision in Copley Press v.
City of San Diego (2006), previously open hearings on citizen complaints of
officer misconduct must henceforth be held behind closed doors. Even if officers
are found guilty of misconduct, their identities must now be kept secret.

Six judges on the California Supreme Court failed to uphold a standard that even
the military realizes: In a democracy, citizens have the right to oversee the
conduct of uniformed officials and hold them publicly accountable.

The tragedy suffered by the Tillman family has been compounded by the seemingly
deliberate official misinformation and attempted coverup.

But at least they and their Congressman Mike Honda were able to compel
authorities to release documents and subpoena testimony concerning their son's
death. Since Copley, unless they are able to take on the expense of litigation,
California's citizens and their representatives have no such right when it comes
to alleged misdeeds of civilian law enforcement.

Courtesy of our Supreme Court, California families who suffer injury or abuse at
the hands of local police can no longer compel the release of information about
their experience to the public.

Even if the jurisdiction in which they live has a civilian oversight process,
formerly open hearings of citizen complaints are now closed to the public.
Complainants now must sign confidentiality agreements promising not to reveal
the identities of the officers or anything that occurred during the hearing,
including its outcome.

They may not even be accompanied or supported by family members or friends
during the ordeal, so as to protect the anonymity and privacy of the accused
officers.

California Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, and state Sen. Gloria Romero,
D- Los Angeles, have authored bills to overturn the California Supreme Court's
anti-democratic ruling.

Both bills would re-establish open complaint hearings and public disclosure of
information related to the hearings.

If Copley is allowed to stand, Californians will have less right of public
access to information about police officer misconduct than the citizens of most
other states, including Ohio, Mississippi, Florida and Texas.

The actions of police officers in California will be subject to greater secrecy
protections than those of our military personnel in Iraq.

Please urge your state legislators to support SB 1019.

Rashidah Grinage is a member of People United for a Better Oakland.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 17, 2002 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

BISHOPS SHOULD PUT CHILDREN FIRST, GREGORY SAYS;
 LEADER DECRIES SECRECY IN JEFFERSON CITY CASE

BYLINE: Jon Sawyer Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau Chief Patricia Rice And Steve
Eder Of The Post-Dispatch Contributed To This Report.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1882 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The failure of the Jefferson City Diocese to notify church officials of past
sexual abuse by the Rev. Anthony J. O'Connell before his promotion to bishop was
"a travesty," says Bishop Wilton D. Gregory, president of the U.S. Conference of
Catholic Bishops.

"In my humble opinion there is a serious obligation on the part of anyone, in
conscience, to make such matters known," said Gregory, of Belleville.

"You don't need a conference of bishops to tell you that," Gregory said. "It's
common sense."

In his first extended interview about the sex abuse scandal that has rocked the
Roman Catholic Church, Gregory acknowledged that American bishops are grappling
to find common-sense remedies to a crisis that has undermined the church's
credibility, its financial base and the faith of many members.

He spoke with the Post-Dispatch Thursday following a two-day meeting of the
bishops' administrative committee that agreed to make the problem of sexual
abuse of minors by priests a major item on the agenda at the bishops' next
annual conference, this June in Dallas.

"We'll take whatever steps necessary to strengthen our response at a national
level," Gregory said. "We hope to create a safer environment for children, and
we're going to do whatever we must to make that possible."

O'Connell's abrupt resignation March 8 as bishop of Palm Beach, Fla., was just
one of multiple hammer blows -- from the payment of $30 million by the
Archdiocese of Boston to settle claims of abuse against one ex-priest to the
removal of at least 21 priests nationwide on sex abuse charges this year alone.

Church defenders note that most of the cases now coming to light, like that of
O'Connell, concern incidents that are decades old. They say that most needed
reforms are already in place, dating from the early 1990s. The church's biggest
challenge now, they say, is weathering bad publicity from the residue of old
cases.

Critics say the actions of church officials in Boston, Jefferson City and other
dioceses are dramatic proof that problems persist.

"What you're seeing today is a product of the continuing conspiracy," said Jeff
Anderson, a St. Paul, Minn., attorney who has represented over 450 victims of
alleged sex abuse by priests. "The same attitude of denial, minimalization and
blame that they took 20 years ago persists today.

"While many of the abuses happened long ago, the cover-up continues in the
present," he adds. "It's more duplicity, deception and denial."

Gregory says the bishops' conference has no national data on the extent of abuse
cases, the amount of money paid out by individual dioceses, or even a
compilation of specific policies by diocese on responding to abuse allegations.

Almost none of the large dioceses surveyed this past week by the Post-Dispatch
has adopted the policies of relatively full disclosures ad opted in the
Archdiocese of Chicago and in Gregory's own diocese of Belleville.

More typical is the Archdiocese of Milwaukee, which as a matter of policy gives
out no information on allegations or on disciplinary actions against priests
found guilty of abuse.

"We don't make public disclosures because we've never had a need to," said
diocese spokesperson Jerry Topczewski. "What good does it do except to give the
media something to focus on?"

Settlements and scandals

Among the disclosures reported in recent weeks was that O'Connell had been
appointed as bishop despite a church-documented history of child sex abuse.
O'Connell's predecessor in Palm Beach was forced out on child sex abuse charges.

Also, the Boston diocese agreed to pay $30 million to settle claims against a
single priest. The settlement was the latest in a string of payments that
include a $5.2 million jury award against a priest last year in Los Angeles, a
$23 million payment that an abusive priest cost the Dallas diocese in 1998, $50
million that New Mexico paid in similar settlements during the 1990s, and the
$18 million that a single abusive priest cost the diocese of Lafayette, La.,
during the 1980s.

It's not just America, either. Last month, the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland
agreed to pay $110 million to settle sex abuse claims against priests, nuns and
other church workers, many of them in state-run schools.

The number of cases is rapidly mounting in Canada, the United Kingdom and
western Europe. In late February, the scandal hit Poland, the home country of
Pope John Paul II, with sexual abuse allegations against the archbishop of
Poznan considered credible enough that the head of the local seminary barred him
from entering the school unannounced.

The furor in Boston has spurred a burst of action -- and candor -- from dioceses
across the country:

* Archdiocese officials in Philadelphia said a review of files uncovered
"credible evidence" that 35 priests may have sexually abused as many as 50
children in cases stretching back half a century.

* Portland, Ore., archdiocese officials informed two local parishes, 10 years
late, of documentation in diocese files of abuse by two currently serving
priests.

* The diocese of Manchester, N.H., turned over to local prosecutors the names of
14 priests accused of sexually abusing children between 1963 and 1987.

Why the sudden round of disclosures, nine years after the bishops' conference
adopted a tough-sounding set of principles that included a pledge to "respond
promptly to all allegations of abuse"?

To skeptics like Stephen Rubino, a New Jersey attorney who has represented some
250 abuse victims, the response looks hypocritical -- self-serving grandstanding
by church officials to get beyond a public relations debacle.

He's looking for more, beginning with a commitment by all dioceses to follow the
lead of New Hampshire, Massachusetts and New York in moving to give prosecutors
immediate access to credible evidence of abuse.

"They need to terminate their defensive litigation tactics, abandon the
technical defenses, either mediate these cases or try them on the merits," he
says. "They should release people from their confidentiality agreements and
publicly account for every single dollar they've spent on this scandal -- on
legal defense, on settlements with victims, on the therapy and treatment of
abusers.

"What I want is for the church to come clean."

Jefferson City's silence

The Jefferson City diocese's failure to pass on information about its 1996
payment of $125,000 to settle claims of child sex abuse against O'Connell was "a
violation of prudent pastoral judgment," Gregory said.

O'Connell resigned as bishop on March 8, one day after acknowledging that he had
abused a teen-age boy during his tenure as head of the St. Thomas Aquinas
Seminary in Hannibal, Mo., more than two decades ago.

Louis DeFeo Jr., attorney for the Jefferson City diocese, said in an interview
Friday that in hindsight, he should have contacted the apostolic nuncio, the
representative of the pope in the United States, the office that processes
nominations for bishop.

"The problem is that there was no definite procedure," DeFeo said. "It's not
like there was a 911 number to call for assistance."

There still isn't.

A spokesperson for the apostolic nuncio in Washington said Friday that the
office is taking no questions, either on the sex abuse issue specifically or
more generally on its role in the selection and discipline of bishops. The
bishops' conference might formulate a policy at its meeting this summer but as
of now there is none.

"Today, just as in 1996, each bishop is left to figure the answer out for
himself," DeFeo said.

Gregory, a mild-mannered cleric who has headed the Belleville diocese since 1993
and was elected to head the national conference last November, says he is
determined to impose more transparency on church operations.

But he also noted limits on what the bishops' conference can do, in a church
that gives broad independence to each of the 188 American dioceses -- subject
only to direction from Pope John Paul II.

"The way the church in the United States is established is that each diocese
enjoys juridical and pastoral autonomy," he said. "What we won't be able to
create is some mega-diocese for the country as a whole."

Questions of sex

Critics have long said that frustration with the church's hierarchical structure
and its slow response to allegations of sexual abuse masks a deeper problem that
centers on sex itself.

It is that larger debate -- the church's attitude toward celibacy, married
priests and the role of women -- that leaders like Gregory are struggling to
contain.

This week The Pilot, the official newspaper of the Boston Archdiocese, published
a special issue on the priest sex abuse scandal. Its lead editorial declaring
that it was time for the church to realize that laypeople have many questions
about the need for celibacy and also the percentage of homosexual men among
priests.

Joaquin Navarro-Valls, chief spokesman for Pope John Paul II, asked about the
Boston scandal earlier this month, told the New York Times that the solution was
for the church to ban gays from becoming priests.

The comment outraged experts who noted an absence of data linking homosexuality
to pedophilia. Most studies show that heterosexual and married men are as likely
as gays to abuse children.

Richard McBrien, professor of theology at Notre Dame, said Navarro-Valls'
statement also ignored the reality that gays make up a rapidly increasing
percentage of the priesthood.

"It's one of the most bizarre, absurd and irresponsible statements I've ever
heard from the Vatican," McBrien said. "If that became policy, we'd have to
evacuate the seminaries."

McBrien went on to say, however, that "cultural, social and even relig ious
changes in attitude toward sexuality and marriage" had dramatically reduced the
pool of potential priests. "We are drawing from an ever thinner slice of the
population in recruitment of priests," he said.

Gregory bristles at any linkage between the church's demand of priestly celibacy
and the current scandal.

"You and I both know that the overwhelming majority of child abuse takes place
in the home," he said. "The statistics show that you're most likely to find it
in a family, with a dad or uncle or grandparent.

"Do we have to do a better job of recruiting, of training our seminarians?
Absolutely, without a doubt. We have to make sure that we get healthy candidates
and look more carefully at the ones we have."

Gregory said that while he had not seen the statement from Rome on banning gays
from the priesthood, he prefers a more tolerant approach. He said he would not
want to see a priest dismissed or punished for homosexual orientation alone --
so long as he "has lived celibacy with integrity and has never compromised
himself."

Notre Dame's McBrien says that approach reflects the play-it-safe, loyal-soldier
attitude that helped make Gregory the youngest American bishop, at 36, and the
first African-American to head the bishops' conference. But he said it also
reflects the "pathology of denial" that has landed the Catholic church in its
current crisis.

"It would be a terrible mistake to look at this as a case of a few bad apples in
the barrel," McBrien said. "The problem is with the barrel itself."

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: SEX ABUSE BY PRIESTS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC; (1) Color PHOTO headshot - (Bishop Wilton) Gregory;
Belleville bishop is national leader; (2) PHOTO by DAVID ALBERS - Bishop Wilton
Gregory delivers the homily at St. Patrick's Catholic Church in East St. Louis
in January. Gregory, who heads the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, says the
conference will "strengthen our response at a national level" to the problem of
sexual abuse by priests.; (3) Graphic / Chart - Cases of sexual misconduct by
priests; Source: Staff research POST-DISPATCH; The Catholic Church has no
central clearinghouse for reporting cases of sexual abuse. Cases from a sampling
of some of the larger dioceses:; ; ATLANTA; One priest was indicted by a grand
jury in 1988 on 10 counts of abuse and served prison time. The priest has been
barred from holding positions with the archdiocese. No information on
settlements or other removals was made public.; Archdiocese of Atlanta; ;
BOSTON; In the past 10 years, the Archdiocese of Boston has settled claims
against at least 70 priests. The archdiocese will pay up to $30 million to 86
people who accused ex-priest John Geoghan of child abuse. Since the mid-'90s,
$15 million has been paid to his other victims.; Boston Globe, The Associated
Press; ; CHICAGO; Cardinal Francis George called for a review of misconduct
cases dating back to 1992 last week. A chancellor said the Archdiocese has spent
about $10 million to handle accusations in the past 10 years, with about $5
million paid to victims. Nine priests have been removed, and several others are
still being monitored.; The Associated Press; ; CLEVELAND; The diocese has had
10 sexual misconduct cases in the past 15 years which resulted in the dismissal
of priests. Settlements were reached with some claimants, but terms of
settlements are confidential.; Diocese of Cleveland; ; LOS ANGELES; Up to a
dozen priests were recently asked to leave the archdiocese due to alleged sexual
misconduct with minors.; The Associated Press; ; PALM BEACH, Fla.; Bishop
Anthony J. O'Connell resigned after admitting to taking part in sexual
misconduct with a teen-ager more than 25 years ago while a priest in Hannibal,
Mo. A $125,000 settlement was reached in 1996, and O'Connell was asked to
replace another bishop in Palm Beach in 1998 who had admitted to molesting five
altar boys.; St. Louis Post-Dispatch; ; PHILADELPHIA; The archdiocese said it
had evidence that 35 priests engaged in sexual misconduct over the past 50
years. Surviving suspect priests were removed. ; St. Petersburg Times; ; SAN
FRANCISCO; A judge dismissed 224 sexual misconduct charges against a priest on
Thursday. In 1996, the archdiocese paid a $2.5 million settlement to 15 men who
said they were molested by area priests.; The Associated Press; ; ST. LOUIS;
Archdiocesan officials earlier this month removed two pastors of St. Louis
churches, the Rev. Joseph D. Ross of St. Cronan Catholic Church and the Rev.
Michael A. Campbell of Our Lady of Sorrows Church, because of "substantiated"
allegations of past sexual abuse of minors. A third priest, the Rev. John Hess
of Sacred Heart in Florissant, was temporarily removed after federal authorities
took his computer as part of an investigation of child pornography.; St. Louis
Post-Dispatch

TYPE: PROFILE; SEX ABUSE BY PRIESTS

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 25, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Dropped Charges Don't Hide Police Misconduct;
Skeptics Kept Off Juries

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 139 words



To the Editor:

You describe what can happen to a New Yorker who says something wrong to some
police officers (front page, Nov. 19). But there are other, more subtle
institutional aspects of the police brutality issue. This became clear when I
was a would-be juror in the Manhattan criminal division last week. After four
potential jurors (including me) expressed skepticism or distaste for police
behavior during questioning by the judge and the lawyers, the judge excused us
from the case -- and released us from the entire criminal division.

A criminal justice system that discourages independent-minded jurors and relies
so completely on police testimony perpetuates police misconduct.

DOROTHY M. ZELLNER
New York, Nov. 20, 1997

The writer is a staff member of the Center for Constitutional Rights.


LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 7, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

RACIAL PROBLEMS CONTINUE IN A CALIFORNIA CITY

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 802 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, July 6


In awarding $3 million in damages last month to the families of two black men
slain by police officers in Richmond, a city of nearly 75,000 people about 15
miles northeast of here, a Federal jury said it was sending a message to that
city to change its ways.

But a quick resolution of the problems affecting Richmond and the divisions
between its police officers and its citizens seems unlikely.

On June 9 the Richmond City Council voted to begin action to appeal the June 3
verdict in favor of the survivors of Johnny Roman, 25 years old, and Michael
Guillory, 22. They were two of six black men killed by city police officers in
the last three years.

Named as defendants in the suit were the city, two police officials and two
police officers. Because the defendants were sued in their official capacity as
city employees, the City of Richmond, through its insurance carriers, must pay
the $3 million judgment if it loses the appeal.

The suit charged that the city had failed to deal correctly with a ''deviant
cult'' of violence-prone officers, nicknamed the ''cowboys,'' whose night
patrols were the source of many allegations of police misconduct.

A Pattern of Misconduct

It further charged that the slayings of Mr. Roman and Mr. Guillory were part of
a pattern of misconduct that police and city officials ignored or condoned. The
plaintiffs presented dozens of witnesses who testified to incidents of police
misconduct or brutality.

The two police officers named as defendants were Samuel Dudkiewicz and Clinton
Mitchell. Officer Mitchell was involved in the incident in which Mr. Roman was
killed. Officer Dudkiewicz was involved in the deaths of both Mr. Roman and Mr.
Guillory.

Attorneys for the city contended that the police officers acted properly in both
shootings because they believed the men to be armed and about to attack the
officers.

The trial began last December but was halted six weeks later when it was
reported the city had reached a settlement in the case.  In fact, the City
Council voted to reject a $760,000 settlement agreed to by the plaintiffs that
would have awarded $260,000 to the families of the two victims. But because some
members of the jury had heard that a settlement had been reached, Federal
District Judge Robert P. Aguilar declared a mistrial. The new trial began Feb.
1.

Judge Accused of Bias

Four days after the June 3 verdict, Police Chief Leo Garfield, who had been one
of the defendants in the suit, announced that he would retire July 5. In doing
so, he issued an attack on the conduct of the trial, accusing Judge Aguilar of
bias against police officers.

The judge responded by ordering city attorneys to meet with Chief Garfield to
advise him about the trial in the hope that he would ''retract and correct'' his
statement. Chief Garfield was not available for comment as to whether he had
participated in such a meeting.

His resignation does not solve the problem of who will lead the department in
its reform. Deputy Police Chief Earnest Clements, also named as a defendant in
the suit, will serve as Acting Chief until a new Chief is hired.

Sgt. Tony Zanotelli, president of the largely white Richmond Police Officers
Association, said in a newspaper interview that the suit had damaged police
morale. He blamed ''blood-sucking attorneys'' and fellow officers acting as
''puppets for the N.A.A.C.P.''

Police Behavior Criticized

Oliver Jones, staff counsel for the Western Region of the National Association
for the Advancement of Colored People, served as the chief attorney for the
plaintiffs.

In the trial, he characterized the behavior of the two police officer defendants
as ''reckless and unprofessional.'' Mr. Jones also called several black police
officers to the stand. They testified that an unwritten code of conduct condoned
violence on the Richmond police force.

Nearly 48 percent of Richmond's population is black; 39.7 percent is white. But
only about 20 percent of the 161-member police force is black.

At a prayer vigil held at City Hall at the time of the trial and sponsored by
the N.A.A.C.P., C.A. Robertson, president of Guardians of Justice, a group made
up largely of black police officers, said, ''Our common cause is to stand up and
testify and make the city of Richmond better.''

Three days after the jury's verdict, a spokesman confirmed that the civil rights
division of the Department of Justice has undertaken an investigation of five
incidents involving Richmond police officers, including the Roman and Guillory
killings, for possible violation of Federal civil rights statutes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 6, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Scientists Lament Inaction on Abuse

BYLINE: By PHILIP J. HILTS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 23; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 659 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 5


The leaders of the National Academy of Sciences, the Institute of Medicine and
the National Academy of Engineering say they are disappointed with efforts in
reducing misconduct in science.

In a written statement issued this week, the officers of the three organizations
contended that universities and Government agencies had failed to adopt
definitions and rules to discourage misconduct. They said they would hold
meetings to try to draw attention to the issue.

Nearly two years ago, the groups issued a report suggesting establishment of a
board to help define misconduct and other questionable practices in science,
create guidelines for investigating such cases and set up guidelines for
teaching ethics in science.

Since those recommendations, said Dr. Bruce Alberts, president of the National
Academy of Sciences, "nothing has happened, the recommendations have not been
adopted."

"We believe it is time for the National Academy to take over as many of the
functions we recommended as we reasonably can," Dr. Alberts said.

Question of Standards

"We should have our own standards," he said, "ones that are higher than the
legal standards now being enforced" at the Department of Health and Human
Services.

Staff members of the National Academy of Sciences said that recent events that
prompted the statement included these:

*At the Public Health Service, a departmental board that reviews misconduct
cases established a new standard for judging what constitutes misconduct,
relying chiefly on the legal definition of fraud and abandoning the stricter
definition of misconduct that academy leaders have proposed and under which
investigators had been working in recent years.

*The Acadia Institute of Maine published the most extensive survey ever done on
misconduct in science and showed that scientists believe that instances of
misconduct are far more common than some leaders in science had previously said.

*The National Academy of Sciences issued a report a year and a half ago saying
that standard definitions of misconduct in science should be adopted, that they
should be stricter than current legal standards and that government and
universities should work to make sure that systems are in place to investigate
misconduct efficiently. But since the academy report, the latest statement says,
those recommendations have not been adopted.

Defining Misconduct

"We urge the research community -- and others concerned with the integrity of
science -- to renew its commitment to strengthening the professional climate of
the research system," says the statement from the leaders of the three groups,
which were established by Congress to advise the Government on scientific
matters.

Allen Shipp, senior fellow at the Association of American Medical Colleges, said
common standards and definitions were needed.

The statement says there are three categories of behavior in research that must
be challenged: "misconduct in science, questionable research practices and other
misconduct."

Misconduct was defined as fabrication, falsification and plagiarism;
questionable practices include inappropriately assigning authorship to research
papers, improper data handling and abuse of inferiors by superiors; "other
misconduct" is intended to cover offenses like theft and fraud that also apply
to those outside science.

Problem of Secret Settlements

Dr. Alberts said that the academy would sponsor a meeting, possibly in May, to
discuss establishing guidelines for the teaching of ethics and the investigation
of misconduct.

He said one problem was that those who committed misconduct at one institution
could arrange to keep their settlement with the university secret and then move
on to another institution.

Another issue is that those who judge cases of misconduct have a conflict of
interest if they work at the same university, because finding a colleague guilty
could reduce grants to the university.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Village Of Roberts, Wis. / Police chief accused of misconduct

BYLINE: By Kevin Harter kharter@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: WISCONSIN; Minnesota-Twin Cities; Local

LENGTH: 484 words


Accused of misconduct and of violating one of the laws he was sworn to uphold,
an allegedly bar-friendly St. Croix County police chief awaits his fate from a
five-member panel.

Police Chief Ricci Prein, 51, the top cop in the Village of Roberts, is accused
of searching inappropriate Web sites while on duty and, on at least three
occasions, drinking in a village bar after business hours.

After more than 12 hours of testimony, the independent Police Review Board for
the village of about 1,300 began deliberations Tuesday on five counts of
misconduct that could result in Prein's suspension or firing.

The chief, who was placed on paid leave from his $46,000-a-year job, also is
accused of acting unprofessionally toward his subordinate officers, members of
the public and village board members.

"Each of these items, standing alone, would be grounds for dismissal," said
Michael Brose, the village's attorney, addressing the panel. "No reasonable
employer would employ him."

However, Roger Palek, an attorney with the Wisconsin Professional Police
Association who represents Prein, said the investigation and resulting complaint
were flawed and political in nature.

He compared the proceedings to a circus and said the most serious allegation --
drinking after hours in a Main Street bar -- had been addressed by the
then-village president in a verbal reprimand and resulted in no charges being
filed by the St. Croix County district attorney.

According to the complaint and officers called to testify Tuesday, Prein was
drinking at 5 a.m. Dec. 23, 2006, in the LM Bar with the bar owner, and both
were "very intoxicated."

Prein said he was not drinking beer but rather root beer. He said he wasn't
intoxicated but may have appeared so after being awake for nearly 30 hours and
was only helping clean up the bar.

Officers also testified that Prein discouraged them from enforcing after-hours
violations and other violations in and around LM Bar, one of two bars in the
village about 30 miles east of St. Paul.

Another officer testified that when making rounds, he twice found Prein in the
LM Bar after its 2:30 a.m. closing time. Prein said he remembered only one such
incident and that he wasn't drinking but rather had stopped to see whether the
owner needed help cleaning up.

Officers also testified they saw Prein use his village computer to view pictures
of nude and semi-nude women. A forensic computer analysis found Prein linked to
sites that didn't appear pornographic but did show swimsuit models, some
topless, more than 700 times between 2005 and 2008.

While Prein's wife testified that she had performed several of the searches when
she was shopping for a swimsuit, Prein told the panel he should not have gone to
the sites.

Attorney Catherine Munkittrick, serving as the hearing officer, said that when
the panel completes deliberations, a decision will be made in writing. The
decision could come today.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Record Number of Misconduct Complaints Are Made Against City School Employees

BYLINE: By AL BAKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 418 words


A record number of allegations of wrongdoing against teachers and other
Department of Education workers were received last year by the office that
investigates misconduct in New York City schools, according to a report released
on Tuesday.

The office of the Special Commissioner of Investigation for the Department of
Education handled 4,173 complaints, more than double the amount received during
2002, the first year of the Bloomberg administration.

The office found enough cause to begin 795 investigations, substantiating
accusations in 247 of them. Of those, 57 centered on accusations of sexual
misconduct by school employees or vendors, a majority of them educators with
access to children.

Besides a 20 percent increase in sexual misconduct complaints, the office
fielded many complaints about fraud, test-tampering, theft of money and time,
conflicts of interest and other wrongdoing, said the commissioner, Richard J.
Condon.

He said the increase could be attributed to easier reporting, including over the
Web, and to more awareness of misconduct, particularly regarding cases of a
sexual nature, which can include verbal comments, harassment or possible
criminal behavior.

The school system was embarrassed last year by a string of arrests of employees
accused of touching young students, including some who had previously been
disciplined for inappropriate contact with children but who had been allowed to
keep working with them.

The schools chancellor, Dennis M. Walcott, ordered a review of past cases of
sexual misconduct, moved to fire more than a dozen teachers previously accused,
and began lobbying, unsuccessfully so far, for the power to fire teachers even
if an independent hearing officer decides they should stay on the job. Teachers
convicted of a sexual crime are, in most cases, fired automatically, but those
accused of noncriminal behavior are entitled to a hearing if the chancellor
wants to fire them.

One report issued last year by Mr. Condon concerned an assistant principal at a
Brooklyn high school who, investigators said, had asked three 15-year-olds who
met with him about summer jobs if they were sexually active. In another case,
Mr. Condon's office said it found an ''inappropriate sexual relationship''
between one Queens middle-school teacher and a teenager.

That teacher was arrested, removed from his school and is facing dismissal,
according to the Department of Education; the assistant principal was reassigned
away from classrooms and faces disciplinary proceedings.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/09/nyregion/record-number-of-misconduct
-allegations-made-against-new-york-school-employees.html

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Washington: Findings of Research Misconduct

LENGTH: 973  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 240 (Monday, December 15, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 74092-74093]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-29337]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES

Office of the Secretary


Findings of Research Misconduct

AGENCY: Office of the Secretary, HHS.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: Notice is hereby given that the Office of Research Integrity
(ORI) has taken final action in the following case:
 James P. Warne, Ph.D., University of California San Francisco:
Based on an assessment conducted by the University of California San
Francisco (UCSF), the Respondent's admission, and additional analysis
conducted by ORI in its oversight review, ORI found that Dr. James P.
Warne, former Senior Scientist, Diabetes Center, UCSF School of
Medicine, engaged in research misconduct in research supported by
National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases
(NIDDK), National Institutes of Health (NIH), grants DK080427,
DK007161, and DK063720.
 ORI found that Respondent engaged in research misconduct by
falsifying data that were included in the following two (2)
publications and two (2) grant applications:

Cell Metabolism 14:791-803, 2011 (hereafter referred to as
the ``Cell Metabolism paper'')
 Journal of Neuroscience 33(29):11972-85, 2013 (hereafter
referred to as the ``Journal of Neuroscience paper'')
 R01 DK080427-06A1 submitted to NIDDK, NIH
 R01 AA022665-01A1 submitted to the National Institute on
Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), NIH

ORI found that Respondent falsified data and related text by altering
the experimental data to support the experimental hypothesis.
Specifically:
 1. Respondent fabricated graphs purported to represent the results
of ten (10) different ELISA experiments measuring norephinephrin (NE)
or leptin levels in wild-type mice, in AGRP knockout mice, or in AGRP
RNAi mice and controls that had received brain infusions of alpha-MPT,
a tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor or vehicle and leptin or AGRP in the
following figures:


[[Page 74093]]


 Figures 2D/E, 3G, and 7C in the Cell Metabolism paper
 Figures 6B/C/E, Figure 8C, and Figure 9H in the Journal of
Neuroscience paper; Figures 6B/C/E of the Journal of Neuroscience paper
also were included as Figures 5A/C/B in grant application DK080427-
06A1, and Figure 8C of the Journal of Neuroscience paper also was
included as Figure 8C in grant application DK080427-06A1
 Figure 10B in grant application DK080427-06A1

2. Respondent fabricated graphs purported to represent the results
of six (6) different quantitative polymerase chain reaction (Q-PCR)
experiments measuring mRNA levels in mouse liver from wild-type or AGRP
RNAi mice and controls that had received brain infusions of alpha-MPT,
a tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor or vehicle and leptin, AGRP knockout
mice injected with ethanol, or wild-type mice injected with ethanol and
caffeine in the following figures:

Figure 2F in the Cell Metabolism paper
 Figures 5A, 6F, and 9A in the Journal of Neuroscience paper;
Figure 5A of the Journal of Neuroscience paper also was included as
Figure 4A in grant application DK080427-06A1, and Figure 6F of the
Journal of Neuroscience paper also was included as Figure 7A in grant
application DK080427-06A1
 Figure 3B in grant application AA022665-06A1

Dr. Warne has entered into a Voluntary Settlement Agreement (Agreement)
and has voluntarily agreed:
 (1) to have his research supervised for a period of three (3)
years, beginning on November 18, 2014; Respondent agrees that prior to
the submission of an application for U.S. Public Health Service (PHS)
support for a research project on which the Respondent's participation
is proposed and prior to Respondent's participation in any capacity on
PHS-supported research, Respondent shall ensure that a plan for
supervision of his duties is submitted to ORI for approval; the
supervision plan must be designed to ensure the scientific integrity of
Respondent's research contribution; Respondent agrees that he shall not
participate in any PHS-supported research until such a supervision plan
is submitted to and approved by ORI; Respondent agrees to maintain
responsibility for compliance with the agreed upon supervision plan;
 (2) that for a period of three (3) years, beginning on November 18,
2014, any institution employing him shall submit, in conjunction with
each application for PHS funds, or report, manuscript, or abstract
involving PHS-supported research in which Respondent is involved, a
certification to ORI that the data provided by Respondent are based on
actual experiments or are otherwise legitimately derived and that the
data, procedures, and methodology are accurately reported in the
application, report, manuscript, or abstract;
 (3) to exclude himself voluntarily from serving in any advisory
capacity to PHS including, but not limited to, service on any PHS
advisory committee, board, and/or peer review committee, or as a
consultant for a period of three (3) years, beginning on November 18,
2014; and
 (4) that as a condition of the Agreement, the senior authors will
request retraction or correction of the following papers:

Cell Metabolism 14:791-803, 2011
 Journal of Neuroscience 33(29):11972-85, 2013

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Acting Director, Office of Research
Integrity, 1101 Wootton Parkway, Suite 750, Rockville, MD 20852, (240)
453-8200.

Donald Wright,
Acting Director, Office of Research Integrity.
[FR Doc. 2014-29337 Filed 12-12-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4150-31-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SETTLEMENT IN THE WORKS FOR WVU EX-PROVOST SUIT LANG WAS SAID TO HAVE ROLE IN
MBA SCANDAL

BYLINE: PATRICIA SABATINI AND LEN BOSELOVIC, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 552 words


More than two years after former West Virginia University Provost Gerald Lang
sued to block the school's academic misconduct proceedings against him for his
role in a master's degree scandal involving the former governor's daughter, the
two sides have agreed to settle their differences.

WVU declined to discuss details Wednesday, saying a settlement had not been
finalized. Mr. Lang's attorney could not be reached.

Once official, any agreement would be made public, WVU spokesman John Bolt said.

Mr. Lang, now the university's vice president for research and economic
development, resigned as provost in 2008 after an investigative panel found that
WVU administrators falsified student records to back Mylan Inc. executive
Heather Bresch's claim that she had earned an MBA degree from the school.

Ms. Bresch is the daughter of then-West Virginia governor and now-U.S. Sen. Joe
Manchin.

The panel's findings, which noted that the school added 22 credits to Ms.
Bresch's transcript along with grades "pulled from thin air," also forced the
resignations of WVU President Michael Garrison and business school dean R.
Stephen Sears.

WVU's Office of Academic Integrity was set to conduct a disciplinary hearing
against Mr. Lang, Mr. Sears and four others in early 2009 when Mr. Lang's
petition to stop the proceedings was granted by a Monongalia County Circuit
Court judge. The ruling also effectively stopped the misconduct hearings against
the five other men.

Mr. Lang contended his due process rights were violated because university
attorneys involved in the misconduct process had conflicts of interest.

WVU appealed the matter to the West Virginia Supreme Court, which recently
remanded the matter back to Monongalia County Court after being informed that
the sides had reached a tentative settlement, according to Debra Scudiere of Kay
Casto & Chaney in Morgantown, an attorney for two WVU defendants in the case.

Still outstanding is a federal civil rights lawsuit involving similar claims
filed in December by Mr. Sears, who is business school dean at Texas A&M
International University in Laredo, and WVU marketing professor Cyril Logar.

That suit alleges WVU's handling of the academic misconduct allegations violated
their due process rights. They are seeking damages for harm done to their
reputations.

An attorney for Mr. Sears declined comment Wednesday.

Robert J. Ridge, the Pittsburgh attorney representing Mr. Logar, said he had not
seen a copy of the settlement between Mr. Lang and WVU and could not comment.

The independent investigative panel, which concluded Ms. Bresch did not earn an
MBA, was formed by the university after a December 2007 story by the Pittsburgh
Post-Gazette raised questions about how officials went about granting the
degree, nearly a decade after Ms. Bresch left the program, despite official
university records showing she was missing 22 credits in the 48-credit-hour
program.

Administrators initially sought to hide their actions, telling the newspaper
that Ms. Bresch was the victim of a clerical error.

"We have all the records. ... We have all the transcripts" confirming the
degree, a WVU spokeswoman said at that time, adding that Ms. Bresch simply had
not been recorded as a graduate because she had not paid a $50 graduation fee.

WVU rescinded the degree after the panel's findings.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Patricia Sabatini: psabatini@post-gazette.com or 412-263-3066. / Len
Boselovic: lboselovic@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1941./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 25, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Civilian Complaint Board Weak, Rights Group Says

BYLINE: By LYNETTE HOLLOWAY

SECTION: Section B;   Page 3;   Column 5;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 387 words


Only about 22 percent of civilian complaints about excessive force, racial
insults and other misconduct by police officers were fully investigations by the
Civilian Complaint Review Board over the last two and a half years, and of the
cases studied, investigators failed to reach conclusions on 92 percent,
according to figures released yesterday by the New York Civil Liberties Union.

The figures, included in the group's annual review of the panel, indicate that
New York City has failed in its mission to create an independent, effective
civilian board, said Norman Siegel, executive director of the civil rights
group, who called the numbers "startling."

While the civil liberties group has been sharply critical of the Civilian
Complaint Review Board over the last year, it initially played a significant
role in helping to revamp the organization in July 1993, when the board was
placed outside the jurisdiction of the Police Department.

Of the 12,740 complaints that the board received between July 1993 and December
1995, only 2,827 were fully studied, demonstrating what Mr. Siegel called the
agency's failure to conduct thorough investigations of the overwhelming majority
of complaints. Additionally, the board was unable to ascertain whether
misconduct had occurred in 9,761 cases.

Mr. Siegel said the board's inability to properly deal with the cases stemmed
from mismanagement, a lack of leadership, an insufficient number of
investigators, and inadequate financing.

Mr. Siegel said that even after the board reached conclusions of misconduct, the
Police Department would usually not take action against the officer involved.

The board, which had long been part of the Police Department, was made into a
separate, independent agency three years ago, but was given power only to
recommend punishment, with the Police Commissioner making the final decision.

Since its creation, the board has been troubled by chronic staffing shortages
and a long backlog of incomplete investigations.

Eugene Lopez, who was hired as the board's executive director in February, could
not be reached for comment late yesterday. Kimberly E. Serafin, a spokeswoman
for Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, said that the Mayor's office had not received a
copy of the report and could not comment on the findings.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 5, 1995 Tuesday

Eagleson misconduct hearing postponed until next spring

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 261 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


Canadian Press
  TORONTO
 A professional misconduct hearing for lawyer and former hockey czar Alan
Eagleson has been put off until next year because of continuing
uncertainty over his possible extradition to the United States.

Eagleson, who founded the National Hockey League Players Association,
has been charged with 44 counts of professional misconduct by the Law
Society of Upper Canada.

The adjournment was agreed to by Eagleson's lawyer, Brian Greenspan,
and the law society.

Eagleson also faces 32 counts of fraud, racketeering and embezzlement
in the United States. Authorities there have indicated in the past they
intend to ask for Eagleson's extradition but have not formally done so.

The law society, the body that governs Ontario lawyers, has set aside
three weeks in April and May for the misconduct hearing. A series of
motions are expected to be heard earlier in the new year, starting in
January.

Society lawyer Tom Lockwood said the society is determined to press
ahead if the United States hasn't proceeded with extradition by the time
Eagleson's hearing date arrives.

"This matter just can't keep getting adjourned," Lockwood said.

The law society was originally going to hear the case in August.

Eagleson has voluntarily pledged not to practice law in Ontario until
the law society case concludes.

The former players' agent was indicted on the criminal charges by a
Boston-based grand jury in March 1994. He has refused to return
voluntarily to the United States to face those charges.

Eagleson, 62, also is under investigation by the RCMP. He has denied
any wrongdoing.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 30, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Complaints About Police Fall After Attack

BYLINE:  By KEVIN FLYNN

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 695 words


The number of misconduct complaints filed by civilians against New York City
police officers dropped sharply after the terrorist attack on the World Trade
Center, according to statistics from the Civilian Complaint Review Board.

Before Sept. 11, the number of complaints filed with the board this year had
been rising steadily. But in September and October, complaints fell by 18
percent when compared with the same period last year.

Board officials said one reason for the decrease was the fact that the board's
office in Lower Manhattan, where complaints are often filed, had to be closed
for several weeks because it is just blocks from ground zero. But another
reason, experts said, is a resurgent respect for the role of the police within
society. Twenty-three city police officers lost their lives when the twin towers
collapsed.

"There is a sense right now that while we are in this crisis, there is almost a
moratorium about complaints about the police," said Susan Karten, a lawyer who
has handled many lawsuits against the Police Department.

Even with the recent dip in complaints, which was first reported in Newsday, the
total number of misconduct allegations against officers this year remains 6
percent higher than it was last year at this time. Several members of the board
said complaints for November should help determine whether the recent drop was
an aberration or an indication of increased civility in the interaction between
officers and the public.

Police officials declined to speculate on what led to the decline. But they said
the vigor with which the public had expressed its appreciation of the police
since the terrorist attack is indisputable. "All you have to do is walk the
streets," said Thomas Antenen, a department spokesman.

As of Aug. 30, the number of civilian complaints had increased 14 percent this
year versus last year. But in September and October, the review board received
482 complaints, compared with 586 in those same months last year. One possible
factor in the decline, board officials said, is that many officers this year
spent much of those two months at security posts, guarding bridges and street
corners, where they probably had fewer confrontations with the public than they
would have had on patrol.

"We don't have any empirical evidence that one factor is any more important than
another," said Raymond Patterson, a spokesman for the review board.

Also, during much of September and October, people were unable to file
complaints directly with the review board because the telephones at its offices
on Rector Street were knocked out for six weeks. The board generally receives a
little more than 40 percent of its complaints directly, either through phone
calls, visits or letters. The rest, nearly 60 percent, are filed at station
houses and then forwarded to the board.

Mr. Patterson said it was not clear how many people had abandoned their
complaints when they could not reach the board by phone or in person. Complaints
mailed to the board during this period were ultimately received, he said.

Joel Berger, a lawyer who often represents people who file brutality lawsuits
against officers, said he believed that many potential complainants had given up
when they could not reach the board. Many people have told him over the years
that the police often make it hard to file a civilian complaint against an
officer at the station house, he said. "People are often encouraged to bring
their complaint directly to the C.C.R.B.," he said.

Even so, Mr. Berger said, analysts sometimes make too much of civilian complaint
statistics in their quest to measure police behavior. Sometimes, he said, a
surge or dip in complaints does not represent a sea change in police conduct as
much as it reflects the changing level of public confidence in the board.

For example, he said, the increase in the number of complaints filed this year
was likely the unintended effect of assurances by Police Commissioner Bernard B.
Kerik that community relations would be a high priority. "When Kerik took over,"
Mr. Berger said, "he made a lot of appropriate, laudable statements about how
the department was going to be more sensitive."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                October 18, 2002 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Social worker arrested in Rilya Wilson case

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 536 words

DATELINE: MIAMI; FORT LAUDERDALE; PANAMA CITY, Fla.; TALLAHASSEE; BARTOW


The social worker who was assigned to monitor Rilya Wilson, a foster child
missing for 15 months before her disappearance was reported to police, was
arrested Thursday on charges of official misconduct and theft.

Deborah Muskelly turned herself in to state law enforcement agents and was
charged with 21 counts of official misconduct, 11 counts of grand theft and nine
counts of petty theft.

Official misconduct and grand theft are third-degree felonies, which carry a
maximum sentence of five years for each count.

Muskelly is charged with working as a substitute and adult education teacher at
the same time she claimed she was working for the Department of Children and
Families, said Ed Griffith, spokesman for Miami-Dade County State Attorney's
Office. The fraudulent time cards were filed from January 2000 to February 2002,
investigators said.

Muskelly made the last of what were supposed to be monthly visits to Rilya in
January 2001. She later filed false reports on the girl's well-being.

Pakistani sentenced in bombing plot

FORT LAUDERDALE - A Pakistani man accused of inciting a terrorist bomb plot at a
mosque was sentenced Thursday to nearly 12 years in federal prison.

Imran Mandhai, 19, and a Trinidadian immigrant charged with him admitted talking
with FBI informants who infiltrated a Pembroke Pines mosque about bombing an
armory, electrical substations and Jewish businesses.

Had Mandhai had contact with a real terrorist, U.S. District Judge William
Dimitrouleas said he was convinced "a tragedy would have occurred."

Co-defendant Shueyb Mossa Jokhan, 24, who was recruited by Mandhai and suggested
Mount Rushmore as a target, was sentenced this month to nearly five years in
prison.

No attacks were launched and no weapons were obtained in the investigation,
which began before last year's attacks.

Lion mauls zookeeper who stepped into cage

PANAMA CITY, Fla. - A 500-pound African lion mauled a zookeeper who had stepped
into the animal's cage Thursday to pose for a magazine photo.

George Koll, 61, was attacked in the head and throat by the male lion. He was
listed in critical but stable condition Thursday at Gulf Coast Medical Center.

Koll owns 77 Zoological Park in Southport.

Transfusion likely culprit in child's West Nile case

TALLAHASSEE - A 7-year-old in Alachua County has contracted West Nile virus and
is believed to have gotten it through the transfusion of a blood product, state
officials said Thursday.

The child is alive but is not being identified due to patient confidentiality,
state epidemiologist Steven Wiersma said.

West Nile, carried by mosquitoes, can be fatal, but none of the other 12 people
who contracted it this year in Florida has died.

Family gets $240,000 in boot camp death of son

BARTOW - The parents of a 16-year-old boy who hanged himself in 1998 at Polk
County's Sheriff's boot camp will receive $240,000 from the county, the state
and a private health care company for their son's death.

Chad Franza of Avon Park hanged himself from an air conditioning vent with his
boot laces Aug. 17, 1998. He had been in the six-month military-style program in
Bartow for 24 days.

- Compiled from Times wires.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 9, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Police Officer Is Charged In Rape of Bronx Girl, 17

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HERSZENHORN

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 750 words


A Bronx police officer has been charged with raping a 17-year-old girl whom he
arrested in a domestic dispute on Tuesday and whose release from jail he
arranged the next day with no charges being filed, police and prosecutors said
yesterday.

The authorities said the 27-year-old officer, Rafael Suarez, promised after
arresting the girl to get her out of jail, and that once he did he took her to
his home in the Highbridge section of the Bronx, put his hand on his gun,
ordered her to remove her clothes and raped her repeatedly.

Officer Suarez, who is assigned to the 43d Precinct in Soundview, was arrested
on Wednesday and charged with rape, aggravated sexual abuse, menacing, sexual
misconduct, official misconduct and harassment. He was suspended indefinitely
from the police force on Wednesday afternoon.

According to the complaint filed against him in Bronx Criminal Court, Officer
Suarez showed up at Central Booking in civilian clothes Wednesday morning to
secure the girl's release.

"Didn't I tell you that I could get you out?" Officer Suarez said to her,
according to the court complaint. "I keep my promises."

Later in the day, after the attack, the officer told her, "I swear if you tell a
soul what happened I'll put you back in jail," according to an affidavit filed
by Sgt. Gary McDonald of the Bronx Internal Affairs Bureau.

The police did not provide details of the domestic dispute that led to the
girl's arrest, saying only that it had occurred within the 43d Precinct.

Officer Suarez was arraigned yesterday before Judge Frank Torres in Criminal
Court in the Bronx and was held on $20,000 bail.

Gloria Cullen, a spokeswoman for the Bronx District Attorney, said the girl had
spent Tuesday night in Central Booking and that Officer Suarez was off duty when
he returned to Central Booking.

Capt. Michael Collins, a police spokesman, confirmed that Officer Suarez had
taken part in the girl's release and said that his actions in arranging the
release were under investigation. "As a matter of routine he would be part of
her release if they were not going to prosecute the case," Captain Collins said.

But he said that Officer Suarez would not have been able to arrange the release
on his own. Procedure dictates that a decision not to file charges be made in
consultation with the District Attorney's office and, perhaps, with
higher-ranking police officials, the captain said.

Another spokeswoman for the Bronx District Attorney said she did not know
whether Officer Suarez had consulted with her office.

Captain Collins acknowledged that arresting officers have substantial influence
over such a decision, particularly in cases of disputes in which there are
conflicting accounts and accusations, but emphasized that the decision is not
made independently.

Speaking of procedures followed by arresting officers, he said, "if the District
Attorney tells you to cut the guy loose, you have a slip to do that."

"You can't just do that by yourself," the captain said. He also said it was not
unusual for officers to complete the processing of an arrest in civilian
clothes.

Officer Suarez joined the police force on Oct. 15, 1990, and was assigned to the
43d Precinct in 1991. Captain Collins said he thought that Officer Suarez had a
good record as a police officer until his arrest on Wednesday.

Captain Collins said Officer Suarez had declined to speak with investigators.

At the six-story cream-colored brick building on Sheridan Avenue where Officer
Suarez grew up and still lives with his mother, neighbors said they were stunned
by the allegations. "We have known him since he was 6 years old," said Maria
Daly, who lives down the hall from Officer Suarez on the fifth floor. "He always
wanted to be a cop. He's a good boy."

Mrs. Daly's husband, Richard, said: "Ralphie always wanted to be a policeman.
The way he carries himself, he wouldn't tarnish that for anything."

The neighbors said they often see Officer Suarez with his two young children.
Sylvia Parilla, 59, who lives on the second floor, said she had known the Suarez
family for years.

"It's impossible," she said of the charges against the man she had watched grow
up. "Everybody says the same thing, 'What? Felicia's child?' They can't believe
it."

She said that Officer Suarez lived with his mother, who works at a hospital
during the day, and with his 3 1/2-year-old daughter. Officer Suarez also has a
6-year-old son, who lives with his mother, she said.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Officer Rafael Suarez, 27, who was charged with rape on
Wednesday. (New York Police Department)


                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 16, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

NHL Keeping Order With Suspensions

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 640 words


Vancouver Canucks forward Todd Bertuzzi's 10-game suspension was upheld by the
NHL yesterday, and Colorado Avalanche forward Scott Parker was banned for two
games.

The suspensions will cost Bertuzzi $ 118,556.70, and Parker $ 6,055.84 in lost
salaries, with the money going to the Players' Emergency Assistance Fund. The
Canucks were also fined $ 10,000.

Bertuzzi's suspension was automatic after he got a game misconduct for leaving
the bench and starting a fight during the third period of the Canucks' 4-0 win
over Colorado on Saturday night. He came on the ice after Vancouver's Jarkko
Ruutu received a major penalty and game misconduct for kneeing Stephane Yelle,
and Parker began throwing punches at Vancouver's Ed Jovanovski.

Parker was given a minor, major and game misconduct for instigating a fight with
Jovanovski.

"I didn't think, I just wanted to get in there and correct it," Bertuzzi said.
"I saw what was going on and I just reacted.

"I knew the rule, we're given a rule book at the start of the year," he said,
adding he would do the same thing again to stick up for a teammate. "Absolutely,
it was one of my teammates and I would do it again. The toughest will be missing
the 10 games, especially when I'm healthy."

Parker, who was fined $ 1,000 for a similar fight in a game against Florida last
season, will miss games against Tampa Bay today and Edmonton on Thursday. . . .

Minnesota Wild defenseman Brad Bombardir will probably miss two months after
breaking his right ankle during Sunday's 3-3 tie with the Edmonton Oilers.

Bombardir was injured midway through the third period when he was checked into
the boards by the Oilers' Ethan Moreau and his ankle twisted as he fell to the
ice.

Bombardir, 29, was scoreless in Minnesota's first five games this season. He
played in 70 games for the Wild last season and recorded a career-high 15
assists and 42 penalty minutes. . . .

The St. Louis Blues gave defenseman Al MacInnis a two-year contract extension
through the 2003-04 season.

MacInnis was in the final year of a contract he signed with St. Louis in 1998
and could have become a free agent on July 1. Financial terms weren't disclosed,
but the Canadian sports network TSN said the extension was worth about $ 14
million.

Known for having one of the hardest slap shots in the NHL, MacInnis won the
Norris Trophy as the league's top defenseman following the 1998-99 season. He
was the Blues' fourth-leading scorer last season.

Tennis

Jennifer Capriati began her reign as the world's No. 1 player with a
straight-sets loss in doubles at the $ 1.2 million Swisscom Challenge in Kloten,
Switzerland.

"The doubles don't count. I've lost many doubles matches," Capriati said,
laughing, after she and Megan Shaughnessy fell, 7-5, 7-6 (7-4), to Lindsay
Davenport and Lisa Raymond in the opening round.

"But I can still finally breathe a sigh of relief," she added. "It's official
today. I can't describe the happiness and satisfaction I feel. It's something
now no one can take away."

Capriati supplanted Martina Hingis as the world's top-ranked player earlier in
the day. Hingis lost her 73-week hold on the top spot after tearing ligaments in
her right ankle Saturday in a semifinal against Davenport at the Porsche Grand
Prix.

Capriati's ascent completed a long comeback from personal and legal problems.

"It's been a long road," she said. "It's something a lot of people thought I
could never do. Something I wasn't sure of myself." . . .

Defending champion Wayne Ferreira beat Dominik Hrbaty, 6-4, 2-6, 6-4, in the
first round of the Stuttgart Masters for only his second match victory since
June in Stuttgart, Germany.

All 16 seeded players received byes into the second round. Gustavo Kuerten is
No. 1, followed by Andre Agassi, Lleyton Hewitt and Juan Carlos Ferrero. Pete
Sampras is seeded ninth.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

New Jersey: Former Fire Chief and His Son Indicted for Stealing Approximately
$46,000 from Seaville Fire and Rescue Company by Submitting Fraudulent Claims

LENGTH: 714  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Office of Attorney General, The State of New Jersey has issued the following
news release:

Acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman announced that the former chief of the
Seaville Volunteer Fire and Rescue Company and his son, a member of that
volunteer force, were indicted today for allegedly receiving payments of
approximately $46,000 based on fraudulent invoices and receipts they submitted
for reimbursement to the fire company and Upper Township Fire Commissioners.

The Division of Criminal Justice obtained the state grand jury indictments of
Eugene Spiegel, 51, and Jacob Spiegel, 20, who are both of Seaville. It is
alleged that through their fraudulent claims, Eugene stole $44,722 and Jacob
stole $1,275. Eugene was charged with second-degree official misconduct,
second-degree conspiracy to commit official misconduct, two counts of
third-degree theft by deception and fourth-degree falsifying records. Jacob was
charged with second-degree official misconduct, second-degree conspiracy to
commit official misconduct and third-degree theft by deception.

Some of the alleged crimes were initially uncovered by members of the volunteer
company in January 2014. Eugene resigned on January 15 shortly after being
confronted with the allegations; Jacob stayed on and served a 30-day suspension,
but was later terminated in April. Eugene Spiegel is currently employed as an
inspector with the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs in the Office of
Weights and Measures. Jacob is a part-time firefighter in Wildwood.

"The Spiegels allegedly pillaged the funds of an organization that exists to
protect the public's safety in the most extreme circumstances," said Acting
Attorney General Hoffman. "Eugene Spiegel allegedly used his position as chief
to systematically steal tens of thousands of dollars by taking advantage of
trust placed in him by his fellow volunteers and though Jacob Spiegel acted by
his father's example, he was nevertheless a willing participant in the alleged
crimes and benefited from his father's position as well."

The state investigation began in March 2014 following an internal review by the
Seaville Fire and Rescue Company of its finances that revealed several
reimbursements Eugene had received for training courses and clothing that he had
never paid for and the company had never actually received. The financial review
discovered that the fire company had issued approximately $18,000 in checks to a
clothing apparel company that listed Eugene's home address as its location. In
addition, the investigation found that Eugene had been receiving reimbursements
totaling more than $17,000 since 2011 for purchases of fire company apparel from
a defunct company that ceased operations during Spiegel's alleged scam. The fire
company could find no evidence it ever received any apparel. It is also alleged
that between 2010 and 2013, Eugene Spiegel received more than $9,500 for
trainings he did not attend.

The internal investigation at the fire company began in January when a volunteer
became suspicious that Jacob Spiegel allegedly submitted a fraudulent claim for
$1,275 that Eugene approved with his signature. Jacob later allegedly told
investigators that he had cashed the check, but had done so at his father's
direction.

"Whether someone is appointed, elected or serves as a volunteer, they have no
right to use their position as means to transform their organization into a
personal ATM," said Division of Criminal Justice Director Elie Honig. "We are
working tirelessly get rid of public corruption and will prosecute it wherever
we find it. "

Second-degree crimes carry a prison sentence of 5 to 10 years and a criminal
fine of up to $150,000, while third-degree crimes carry a prison sentence of 3
to 5 years and a fine of up to $15,000. The indictments are merely accusations
and the defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty.

Deputy Attorneys General Jon Gilmore and Peter Lee presented the case to the
grand jury on behalf of the Division of Criminal Justice Corruption Bureau. New
Jersey State Police Corruption Bureau Detectives Laura Wheeler, David Feldstein
and David Engelhard assisted with the investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 22, 1996

CORRUPTION RISING IN THE BOARDROOM;
Directors proved unfit rise by 83pc, reports Sarah Whitebloom

BYLINE: Sarah Whitebloom

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN CITY PAGE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 854 words


CORPORATE misconduct is booming in Britain's boardrooms, according to Department
of Trade and Industry figures published yesterday. They revealed an 83 per cent
rise in the number of directors disqualified for unfit conduct in the second
quarter of 1996 compared with the same period last year.

Court action by the DTI insolvency service saw 203 individuals barred from
holding directorships for up to 15 years in the three months from April to June.
This compares with 111 directors struck off in the same period in 1995.

A DTI spokesman said: "We have noticed there has been an increase in dodgy
directing. But these figures go to show the DTI is on top of it and is taking
the situation seriously."

John Taylor, the corporate affairs minister, said: "The Insolvency Service is on
a mission to rid the business world of unfit directors. The latest figures show
that corporate misconduct is being crushed."

The DTI spokesman said other directors might be getting away with misconduct but
the department could only act on the information it received.

He said the sharp increase in disqualifications had arisen because the
insolvency service has been given additional funds to allow all indentified
cases of rogue directors to be pursued.

In the past, the DTI has only been able to go after the "big fish". But the
extra resources have made it possible for every case of misconduct to be taken
to court.

However, the DTI's statistics also show there has been a steep rise in the
number of disqualification returns submitted by insolvency practitioners.

These reports identify any company misconduct and form the basis of court action
against directors.

DTI casebook

1 May: Matthews & Yates, Colchester ventilation firm, two directors disqualified
for total of 12 years. Alleged: Failing to account for cash withdrawals.

7 May: Provincial & City Properties, Manchester, two directors struck off for
total of nine years. Alleged: Misappropriating company assets, excessive
benefits and loans to directors.

9 May: Anthony Copping of A Copping Technical Systems (Communications), Kent
burglar alarm firm, disqualified for nine years.  Alleged: Trading without
reasonable prospect of success.

10 June: Vogue Leisure (St Annes), public house/ restaurant business. Two
directors disqualified for total of 21 years.  Alleged: Controlling company
while an undischarged bankrupt and misuse of bank account.

2 July: Two directors of County Security, a Birmingham area provider of security
guards, barred for total of 13 years.  Alleged: Allowing company to trade
without reasonable prospect of paying creditors.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Dawn Patrol: Gavin Dist. 37 misconduct unreported; Waukegan torture case

BYLINE: By Sara Hooker and Lee Filas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 401 words


Dawn Patrol: Gavin Dist. 37 misconduct unreported; Waukegan torture case

Fourth person involved in Waukegan torture, murder gets 40 years

A Waukegan woman convicted of torturing and murdering a man she believed
sexually assaulted her was sentenced yesterday to 40 years in prison. Nadia
Palacios, 24, plead guilty in July to first-degree murder for the 2011 death of
David Campbell, 27, of Waukegan. Full story.

Gavin district: Teachers didn't report misconduct

Officials say three other Gavin South Middle School teachers had reason to
report concerns to school officials or authorities about "alleged inappropriate
conduct." District 37's letter came amid investigations into teacher Michael
Vucic, accused of molesting a student in 2012; he fled the country and has since
been arrested. Full story.

Controversial Oakwood Hills power plant plans scrapped

Plans for a massive power plant that sharply divided the Oakwood Hills community
have been shelved. The $500 million Oakwood Hills Energy Center was targeted for
roughly 13 acres behind village hall, 3020 North Park Drive, near a ComEd
substation and high-tension power lines -- less than a half mile from Prairie
Grove Elementary School and residential areas, but residents rallied behind its
demise. Full story.

Developer to sell The Arboretum of South Barrington

The owners of The Arboretum of South Barrington are seeking a buyer. The
development first opened in the fall of 2008 and initially struggled through the
significant economic downturn that followed. It now thrives. Full story.

Wounded vet gets home in St. Charles

A procession of first responders with roaring motorcycles and sirens escorted
wounded Army veteran Oscar Sosa to his new home in St. Charles yesterday. Wells
Fargo Home Mortgage in cooperation with Operation Homefront worked to provide
Sosa with a mortgage-free home. Full story.

Cubs end home season with a win

The Chicago Cubs closed out their home season with a 3-1 win over the St. Louis
Cardinals. A crowd of 33,292 brought the season attendance total at Wrigley
Field to 2,652,113, an increase of 9,431 fans over last year. Full story.

Benches clear in Sox loss

The White Sox lost to the Detroit Tigers yesterday 6-1 after both benches
cleared following Chris Sale's pitch that hit Victor Martinez in the sixth. The
benches and bullpens briefly emptied before the Tigers broke up the ace's
shutout and went on to win. Full story.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.com Hundreds of Oakwood Hills
residents opposed to a proposed power plant have posted signs on their lawns,
like this one on Greenview Road. Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.com
Hundreds of Oakwood Hills residents opposed to a proposed power plant have
posted signs on their lawns, like this one on Greenview Road. Laura
Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.com Several residents of the village of Oakwood
Hills are against a proposed power plant and have posted signs, like this one on
Greenview Road, in their front yards. Daily Herald file photo Resident
opposition to a proposed power plant in Oakwood Hills has led to the resignation
of the village president, a trustee and the village attorney. Daily Herald file
photo A proposal to build a controversial 430-megawatt natural gas-fired power
plant in Oakwood Hills is now dead. Daily Herald file photo A proposal to build
a controversial 430-megawatt natural gas-fired power plant in Oakwood Hills is
now dead. Laura Stoecker/lstoecker@dailyherald.com Several residents of the
village of Oakwood Hills were against a proposed power plant and posted signs,
like this one on Greenview Road, in their front yards.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 11, 2012 Thursday

Report on prosecutorial misconduct sparks strong discussions and opinions

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 987 words


A California man who spent 17 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit
got to confront on Thursday a powerful prosecutor -- like the one who lied to
put him behind bars.

The unusual meeting happened at Santa Clara University during an extraordinary
panel discussion about prosecutorial misconduct sponsored by the Northern
California Innocence Project. It was spurred in part by the release of the
project's annual report documenting the failure of the justice system in 2011 to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

Similar panels have been held in four other cities from New York to Texas. But
only in Santa Clara County did the elected district attorney accept an
invitation to participate.

District Attorney Jeff Rosen sat quietly on stage with his lips pursed while the
head of the Innocence Project, Kathleen "Cookie'' Ridolfi, ran through some of
the study's highly uncomplimentary findings.

Last year, prosecutors in California committed misconduct in 92 cases serious
enough to attract notice from state and federal courts. In 10 of those cases --
including one in the Bay Area, in Contra Costa County -- the courts either set
aside the sentence or conviction, barred evidence or declared a mistrial.

Such misconduct, including concealing evidence favorable to a defendant, can
result in costly retrials or lengthy legal battles even if the conviction
ultimately is upheld.

This year's study actually indicates that judges found "harmful error" in a much
smaller percentage of cases than in 2010 -- 11 percent, down from 25 percent.

Judges also refrained more often from making rulings on misconduct allegations,
saying that the behavior wouldn't have changed the outcome. In 2010, they
refrained in about a quarter of the cases -- last year, in nearly half.

Critical monitoring

It's unclear whether the changes are due to less brazen misconduct or, as
Ridolfi worries is the case, less critical monitoring by the courts.

"It's a big change,'' Ridolfi said. "The question is, have prosecutors improved
that much or are courts going out of their way to protect prosecutors? It's too
early to tell.''

The cases also represent just the tip of the iceberg, she contended, because
judges review only criminal cases that have gone to trial. The vast majority of
cases -- about 97 percent -- settle via plea bargains and are rarely
scrutinized.

However, she noted that a third of the misconduct cases from 1997 through 2011
involved "repeat-offender prosecutors.''

"A group of bad actors are dragging down the reputation of prosecutors,'' she
said. "And we have a system that protects them.''

Then Rosen's turn came, and he started with a humorous but pointed anecdote.

The discussion, he said, reminded him of an episode of the old TV show "Twilight
Zone'' called "To Serve Man.'' Aliens come to Earth, promising peace and
bringing with them a book called "To Serve Man.'' All but the title are in the
aliens' language. When humans decipher the contents, it turns out to be a
cookbook (about gobbling up mankind, not serving its needs).

"So what I want to know,'' Rosen said, drawing a laugh from the audience of
about 100 people, "is, am I on the panel or am I on the menu?''

On a more serious note, Rosen said "misconduct'' has an ominous connotation, but
prosecutorial error is primarily unintentional, not malicious. It includes
technical mistakes and negligence, as well as egregious actions, such as
presenting false evidence, suppressing evidence, engaging in improper
examination, making false and prejudicial arguments, violating defendants' Fifth
Amendment right to silence and discriminating against minorities in jury
selection.

The district attorney said the courts need "some different phrases'' to reflect
the wide spectrum of problems caused by prosecutors, rather than branding all of
it "misconduct.''

"It's a very highly charged phrase,'' he said. "It's like being called a racist,
like we are horrible human beings.''

More accountability

But Rosen, who was elected on a promise to reform the office's win-at-all-costs
culture after a series of scandals, added that he recognized prosecutorial
misconduct as a problem and is committed to rooting it out. The solution, he
said, is "the DA working with, not against, groups like the ACLU and the NCIP
(Northern California Innocence Project).''

Among other steps, Rosen has followed through on a campaign promise to
re-establish the office's Conviction Integrity unit. And he recently took the
extremely rare step of firing a prosecutor after concluding that she committed
an "outrageous abuse" of her power by pressuring police to arrest her husband's
ex-wife.

Two subsequent speakers -- retired Judge James Emerson and Palo Alto defense
attorney Tom Nolan -- called for more accountability but also praised Rosen's
administration for addressing the issue.

But not everyone was comfortable with Rosen's comments. Obie Anthony was
released last year after serving 17 years in prison of a life-without-parole
sentence for a Los Angeles murder he did not commit. His conviction had been
based primarily on a pimp who testified he did not receive any benefits for his
testimony. But it turned out he was lying. A judge criticized a prosecutor for
committing misconduct by failing to correct the pimp's false testimony and to
disclose the deal to Anthony's lawyers.

Turning the podium toward the seated panelists, the thin African-American man
took umbrage with the notion that accusations of prosecutorial misconduct were
as loaded as calling someone racist.

"You shouldn't view it as being called racist,'' Anthony said, "but as notice
that someone in your office is committing misconduct. I don't talk smack about
police -- you still need police, even though some are corrupt. You still need
prosecutors, even though some are corrupt. You just need to be accountable.''

Follow Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her atTwitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 12, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Slow Response on Police Misconduct

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 460 words


The weakness of the New York City Police Department's internal system for
investigating and punishing misconduct by police officers is an established
fact. Apparently the department's difficulties are not limited to cases of
brutality against citizens. The saga of John Wrynn, a 33-year-old detective,
reported last week in The Times by David Kocieniewski, suggests that it extends
even to cases where the alleged misconduct jeopardizes the lives of fellow
officers.

Five years ago the department received information that Detective Wrynn had
passed information about investigations to criminals, compromising inquiries
into one homicide as well as drug and gunrunning cases. The information also
indicated that he had revealed the name of an informer, who was later killed,
and socialized with suspected mobsters. The United States Attorney's office in
Brooklyn has been looking into these matters. Last October a prosecutor from
that office wrote a confidential letter urging Detective Wrynn's dismissal
because his tip-offs to criminals had "thwarted at least three serious and
high-profile cases" while "jeopardizing the safety" of law enforcement
personnel.

Two days after the latest Times article appeared, Police Commissioner Howard
Safir said the department would file administrative charges against the
detective. But the mystery is why Mr. Wrynn has been allowed to remain on the
force this long without being charged or punished. No less mysterious is the
department's treatment of his father, James Wrynn, an inspector in the Internal
Affairs Bureau. He was kept in a position that gave him access to sensitive
information long after suspicions were raised about his son, and he reportedly
was found examining his son's files in violation of an order. He was transferred
to the communications division last year only after a Times article about the
case was published.

This blinkered approach has raised suspicions that the police are reluctant to
do something that might provoke the father to reveal embarrassing departmental
secrets. Commissioner Safir blames the delays on a request by the United States
Attorney's office to await the outcome of the criminal investigation -- an
account Federal prosecutors dispute. Mr. Safir also says there is no evidence
that the father engaged in any misconduct.

Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, who resists an independent anti-corruption mechanism
outside the department, is obliged to examine the department's strange
performance. So is Zachary Carter, the United States Attorney in Brooklyn, who
already has an investigation under way to determine whether there is a pattern
of inappropriate leniency in addressing misbehavior by police. Plainly the Wrynn
case needs to be part of that inquiry.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     December 31, 1998, Thursday, Edition 1

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 290 words


First Period

 1. Florida, Dvorak 5 (Kozlov, Lindsay), 8:28.
 2. Pittsburgh, Miller 2 (Hrdina, Slegr), 11:13.
 Penalties-Jagr, Pit :48[semi] Kozlov, Fla 1:18[semi] Laus, Fla 4:10[semi]
 Worrell, Fla, double minor 7:39[semi] Wright, Pit, double minor 7:39.
 Second Period

 3. Pittsburgh, Miller 3 (Straka, Jagr), 10:46.
 4. Pittsburgh, Lang 12 (Kovalev), 10:59.
 5. Pittsburgh, Straka 16 (Slegr), 15:32.
 6. Pittsburgh, Lang 13 (Barnes), 16:47.
 Penalties-Kovalev, Pit 3:50[semi] Miller, Pit 8:24[semi] Worrell, Fla,
 double minor 16:59[semi] Hicks, Fla, minor-major-misconduct 16:59[semi]
 Kvasha, Fla, major-game misconduct 16:59[semi] Jovanovski, Fla,
 minor-misconduct 16:59[semi] Laus, Fla, major-game misconduct 16:59[semi]
 Wright, Pit, double minor 16:59[semi] Moran, Pit, major-game
 misconduct 16:59[semi] Kovalev, Pit, major 16:59[semi] Werenka, Pit,
 minor-misconduct 16:59[semi] Sonnenberg, Pit, major-game misconduct
 16:59.
 Third Period

 7. Florida, Dvorak 6, 2:07 (sh).
 8. Florida, Kozlov 7 (Svehla), 2:22 (sh).
 9. Pittsburgh, Straka 17 (Titov, Hatcher), 4:04.
 10. Pittsburgh, Jagr 12 (Hatcher, Straka), 6:08 (pp).
 11. Florida, Parrish 11 (Muller, Warriner), 17:59 (pp).
 Penalties-Florida bench, served by Mellanby 1:51[semi] Worrell, Fla,
 double minor 4:52[semi] Kasparaitis, Pit 4:52[semi] Slegr, Pit 7:26[semi]
Hicks,
 Fla, major 17:20[semi] Slegr, Pit, minor-major-misconduct 17:20.
 Shots-Florida 10-8-12-30. Pittsburgh 12-14-11-37.
 Powerplay-Florida 1-4[semi] Pittsburgh 1-5.
 Goal-Florida, McLean 3-7-1 (37 shots-30 saves). Pittsburgh,
 Skudra 4-3-3 (30-26).
 Referee-Dan O'Halloran. Linesmen-Brad Kovachik, Mark Pare.
 Attendance-17,112.



LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                                August 11, 2006

18 state treasurers, employees in U.S. faced legal trouble over last 31 years

BYLINE: Phil Riske

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 356  words


Over the last 31 years, 18 state treasurers around the country or their
employees have been indicted on various charges. The most recent cases are in
New Mexico, where nine current and former treasury employees have been in
trouble with the law. Treasurer Robert Vigil and his predecessor Michael Montoya
were arrested late last year and charged with receiving nearly $700,000 in
kickbacks from investment advisers who brokered state investments at Mr.

Montoya's discretion. Three investment advisers also have been indicted. In
1985, New Mexico Treasurer Earl Hartley resigned after pleading guilty to
misdemeanor malfeasance and neglect of duty for misusing $4,300 that had been
collected for a conference of state treasurers. A Hartley deputy and investment
adviser were convicted of extortion. In 1975, New Mexico Treasurer Jesse
Kornegay pleaded guilty to perjury. In Texas, current U.S. Senator Kay Bailey
Hutchinson and former treasurer of that state was twice indicted but acquitted
of official misconduct and records tampering. Also in that state, Treasurer
Warren G. Harding pleaded no contest in 1985 to two felony counts of official
misconduct. Sentencing information was not available. Wendi Lynn Davis, a
Maryland state treasury specialist, was indicted on charges of embezzling
$52,000. Kentucky State Treasurer Jones Mills was found not guilty in 1984 of a
25-count indictment for theft, misuse of state employees and official misconduct
. In Illinois in 1992, former state treasurer Jerry Cosentino pleaded guilty to
bank fraud and was fined $5,000 and placed in home confinement for nine months.
In the early 1960s, Leo Winters, who went from Oklahoma's treasurer to
lieutenant governor, was indicted on charges of obtaining favorable loans from
banks in exchange for state deposit funds. He was acquitted on all counts.
Nebraska Treasurer Lorelee Byrd resigned from office last January after pleading
guilty to misdemeanor misconduct. The Nebraska Legislature had discussed
impeaching her. Although not charged with any offense, Ron Ross, who was
appointed to replace Ms. Byrd, has been under fire for cronyism in hiring.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

National briefs for Wednesday 7/16/14

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 520 words


Church lawyer details cover-up claims on abuse

A canon lawyer alleging a widespread cover-up of clergy sex misconduct in the
Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis has made her most detailed claims yet,
accusing archbishops and their top staff of lying to the public and of ignoring
the U.S. bishops' pledge to have no tolerance of priests who abuse.

Jennifer Haselberger, who spent five years as Archbishop John Nienstedt's
archivist and top adviser on Roman Catholic church law, also charged that the
church used a chaotic system of record-keeping that helped conceal the
backgrounds of guilty priests who remained on assignment.

Haselberger said that when she started examining records in 2008 of clergy under
restrictions over sex misconduct with adults and children she found "nearly 20"
of the 48 men still in ministry. She said she repeatedly warned Nienstedt and
his aides about the risk of these placements, but they took action only in one
case. As a result of raising alarms, she said she was eventually shut out of
meetings about priest misconduct. She resigned last year.

She is the highest-level official from a U.S. diocese to make claims of a
cover-up.

Protesters face off over immigration o Protesters carrying "Return to Sender"
and "Go home non-Yankees" signs faced off with immigrant rights activists
Tuesday in a small Arizona town after a sheriff said a bus filled with Central
American children was on its way.

The rallies demonstrated the deep divide of the immigration debate as groups on
both sides - numbering about 50 each - showed up in Oracle to speak out on the
issue.

No immigrant children had arrived as of midday, and it wasn't clear if they
would ever show up. A spokesman for U.S. Rep. Raul Grijalva, a Democrat who
represents southern Arizona, said the congressman's office was told by the
federal government that children would not be arriving Tuesday.

Crews cleaning up Virginia train derailment o Crews were working to get a
Louisville-to-Norfolk freight train back on track after 14 rail cars derailed in
southwest Virginia.

The Norfolk Southern derailment Monday night in Wytheville did not injure
anyone, and state environmental officials said Tuesday there is no evidence of
any spills.

The train included three engines and 33 cars carrying cargo primarily destined
for export from the Port of Virginia.

The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating the incident.

Fast-food worker shoots customer with BB gun o Police say a Taco Bell employee
in Springfield, Mass., used a BB gun to shoot a customer who was enraged when no
one came to the drive-thru window to take his order.

Steven Noska, 26, was scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday on charges including
assault and battery with a dangerous weapon.

Police said it started at 4 a.m. Sunday when the customer approached the
still-open drive-thru. After banging on the window and getting no response, he
got out of his car and banged on the locked door.

Police say the two fought and that Noska then went to his car, got the BB gun
and shot the customer several times. Police say the customer bit Noska on the
arm.

From news services

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 11, 2012 Thursday

Innocence Project sponsors prosecutorial misconduct forum at Santa Clara
University

BYLINE: By Tracey Kaplan tkaplan@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 987 words


A California man who spent 17 years behind bars for a murder he did not commit
got to confront on Thursday a powerful prosecutor -- like the one who lied to
put him behind bars.

The unusual meeting happened at Santa Clara University during an extraordinary
panel discussion about prosecutorial misconduct sponsored by the Northern
California Innocence Project. It was spurred in part by the release of the
project's annual report documenting the failure of the justice system in 2011 to
hold prosecutors accountable for putting innocent people in prison.

Similar panels have been held in four other cities from New York to Texas. But
only in Santa Clara County did the elected district attorney accept an
invitation to participate.

District Attorney Jeff Rosen sat quietly on stage with his lips pursed while the
head of the Innocence Project, Kathleen "Cookie'' Ridolfi, ran through some of
the study's highly uncomplimentary findings.

Last year, prosecutors in California committed misconduct in 92 cases serious
enough to attract notice from state and federal courts. In 10 of those cases --
including one in the Bay Area, in Contra Costa County -- the courts either set
aside the sentence or conviction, barred evidence or declared a mistrial.

Such misconduct, including concealing evidence favorable to a defendant, can
result in costly retrials or lengthy legal battles even if the conviction
ultimately is upheld.

This year's study actually indicates that judges found "harmful error" in a much
smaller percentage of cases than in 2010 -- 11 percent, down from 25 percent.

Judges also refrained more often from making rulings on misconduct allegations,
saying that the behavior wouldn't have changed the outcome. In 2010, they
refrained in about a quarter of the cases -- last year, in nearly half.

Critical monitoring

It's unclear whether the changes are due to less brazen misconduct or, as
Ridolfi worries is the case, less critical monitoring by the courts.

"It's a big change,'' Ridolfi said. "The question is, have prosecutors improved
that much or are courts going out of their way to protect prosecutors? It's too
early to tell.''

The cases also represent just the tip of the iceberg, she contended, because
judges review only criminal cases that have gone to trial. The vast majority of
cases -- about 97 percent -- settle via plea bargains and are rarely
scrutinized.

However, she noted that a third of the misconduct cases from 1997 through 2011
involved "repeat-offender prosecutors.''

"A group of bad actors are dragging down the reputation of prosecutors,'' she
said. "And we have a system that protects them.''

Then Rosen's turn came, and he started with a humorous but pointed anecdote.

The discussion, he said, reminded him of an episode of the old TV show "Twilight
Zone'' called "To Serve Man.'' Aliens come to Earth, promising peace and
bringing with them a book called "To Serve Man.'' All but the title are in the
aliens' language. When humans decipher the contents, it turns out to be a
cookbook (about gobbling up mankind, not serving its needs).

"So what I want to know,'' Rosen said, drawing a laugh from the audience of
about 100 people, "is, am I on the panel or am I on the menu?''

On a more serious note, Rosen said "misconduct'' has an ominous connotation, but
prosecutorial error is primarily unintentional, not malicious. It includes
technical mistakes and negligence, as well as egregious actions, such as
presenting false evidence, suppressing evidence, engaging in improper
examination, making false and prejudicial arguments, violating defendants' Fifth
Amendment right to silence and discriminating against minorities in jury
selection.

The district attorney said the courts need "some different phrases'' to reflect
the wide spectrum of problems caused by prosecutors, rather than branding all of
it "misconduct.''

"It's a very highly charged phrase,'' he said. "It's like being called a racist,
like we are horrible human beings.''

More accountability

But Rosen, who was elected on a promise to reform the office's win-at-all-costs
culture after a series of scandals, added that he recognized prosecutorial
misconduct as a problem and is committed to rooting it out. The solution, he
said, is "the DA working with, not against, groups like the ACLU and the NCIP
(Northern California Innocence Project).''

Among other steps, Rosen has followed through on a campaign promise to
re-establish the office's Conviction Integrity unit. And he recently took the
extremely rare step of firing a prosecutor after concluding that she committed
an "outrageous abuse" of her power by pressuring police to arrest her husband's
ex-wife.

Two subsequent speakers -- retired Judge James Emerson and Palo Alto defense
attorney Tom Nolan -- called for more accountability but also praised Rosen's
administration for addressing the issue.

But not everyone was comfortable with Rosen's comments. Obie Anthony was
released last year after serving 17 years in prison of a life-without-parole
sentence for a Los Angeles murder he did not commit. His conviction had been
based primarily on a pimp who testified he did not receive any benefits for his
testimony. But it turned out he was lying. A judge criticized a prosecutor for
committing misconduct by failing to correct the pimp's false testimony and to
disclose the deal to Anthony's lawyers.

Turning the podium toward the seated panelists, the thin African-American man
took umbrage with the notion that accusations of prosecutorial misconduct were
as loaded as calling someone racist.

"You shouldn't view it as being called racist,'' Anthony said, "but as notice
that someone in your office is committing misconduct. I don't talk smack about
police -- you still need police, even though some are corrupt. You still need
prosecutors, even though some are corrupt. You just need to be accountable.''

Follow Tracey Kaplan at 408-278-3482. Follow her atTwitter.com/tkaplanreport .

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            August 29, 2006 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PENTAGON TARGETS RECRUITER CONDUCT

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 462 words


The Defense Department has announced it will closely monitor military recruiters
and their commanders in light of two investigations -- one by the government,
the other by The Associated Press -- that found increased levels of recruiter
misconduct.

"Through this monitoring we are going to evaluate a command's ability to
control, or eliminate, misconduct by military recruiters as well as the actions
taken by commands towards those recruiters found to have violated the code of
conduct with potential recruits," said Defense Department spokesman Maj. Sean
Upton.

Maj. Upton said the monitoring will last five to 10 months and that once the
Defense Department has enough data and can confirm its integrity, officials will
consider changes in policy.

Last week the AP reported that one out of 200 frontline military recruiters --
the ones who deal directly with young people -- was disciplined for sexual
misconduct in 2005. The cases ranged from fraternization to forcible rape.
Earlier, the Government Accountability Office released a report that showed
overall wrongdoing by military recruiters increased from just over 400 cases in
2004 to 630 cases in 2005.

Ex-senator's stress disorder

WASHINGTON -- Former Sen. Max Cleland, who has battled bouts of depression since
losing an arm and both legs in Vietnam, is being treated for post-traumatic
stress disorder.

Mr. Cleland, who represented Georgia in the Senate from 1997 to 2003, said in an
Atlanta television interview that he believes the condition -- cases of which
are increasing rapidly among Vietnam war veterans -- was in part triggered by
the ongoing violence in Iraq.

He said he feels depressed, has developed a sense of hyper-vigilance about his
security and has difficulty sleeping, WSB-TV reported.

Mr. Cleland is receiving treatment at Walter Reed Medical Center in Washington,
a aide, Michael Duga, said.

Voter law blocked

MIAMI -- A federal judge yesterday struck down a Florida law that imposes hefty
fines on third parties that take too long to submit voter registration forms,
saying it threatens free speech rights and unfairly exempts political parties.

The law took effect Jan. 1 and has been blamed by critics for blocking voter
registration drives because of huge financial risk.

Ford returns home

ROCHESTER, Minn. -- Former President Gerald Ford was discharged from the Mayo
Clinic yesterday, nearly two weeks after being admitted for tests and undergoing
a pair of heart procedures.

Mr. Ford, 93, flew home to Rancho Mirage, Calif., with his wife, Betty,
yesterday afternoon, Mayo spokesman Lee Aase said.

Mr. Ford received an implantable cardiac pacemaker last week to regulate his
heartbeat. Later in the week, he underwent angioplasty, with stents in two of
his coronary arteries to increase blood flow.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Oakland, reeling from scandal, loses three police chiefs in one week;
The city of Oakland, Calif., was already under federal oversight when a
allegations of a salacious scandal surfaced. What will it take to get the
department back on track?

BYLINE: Christina Beck Staff

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 492 words


The city of Oakland, Calif., is running through police chiefs more quickly than
they can replace them, with three appointments in less than a week.

The embattled police department, reeling from a rapidly unravelling sex scandal
involving officers and an underage prostitute as well as other accusations of
officer misconduct, has struggled to find a chief who can help restore the
integrity of the force.

This comes at a time when police in general are under heightened scrutiny and
several urban police departments are trying out new leadership, from San
Francisco and Los Angeles to Chicago and Baltimore are struggling to restore
public trust in the wake of accusations of officer misconduct. Like Oakland,
these cities are in search of a leader able to command the respect of both the
public and the rank and file.

In the meantime, Assistant Police Chief Paul Figueroa has taken over the Oakland
Police Department from interim Police Chief Ben Fairow who served for less than
a week before his sudden dismissal on Wednesday, after allegations surfaced that
a number of officers in the police department may have had sex with a prostitute
while she was underage. Mr. Fairow had taken over for Police Chief Sean Whent,
who resigned last Thursday after heading the department since May 2013.

The latest scandal rocked the department, which already has been under federal
oversight since 2003, after accusations that police officers had planted
evidence and robbed citizens in predominantly African-American parts of Oakland.
Critics say that the department did not adequately punish officers for those
misdeeds. Two Oakland police officers have resigned as a result and three are on
paid leave.

Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf suggested that Fairow never should have been
appointed to the position and vowed delve into the institutional culture of the
department.

"I remain as determined as ever to insure that this department has a culture
that does not tolerate immoral behavior, bad judgment or disrespect," said Mayor
Schaaf, "and certainly does not tolerate victimization of sexually exploited
minors."

Schaaf and other Oakland leaders have suggested that a chief from outside of the
city could be the best hope of helping the department turn a new leaf.

"We have a systemic problem here," said Oakland city councilwoman Rebecca
Kaplan. "What is going on with how this whole scandal is being handled by the
department is ridiculous."

Schaaf said that he is seeking a new chief who is both willing to set a firm
example for the department and to maintain a level of transparency with the
public.

"The leadership of this department at this moment in time is very important. We
are dealing with disgusting allegations that upset me greatly," said Schaaf,
adding that whoever becomes the next permanent chief must make it clear that
there is zero tolerance for, "unethical behavior, sexual misbehavior or lying."

This report contains material from the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   September 8, 1995, Friday, JOURNAL EDITION

News of rogue cops damages a special trust

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 419 words


POLICE OFFICERS are supposed to protect the public from criminals such as drug
dealers. Now comes the accusation that here in Atlanta - not in faraway Los
Angeles - police were protecting drug dealers while lining their own pockets. If
the charges hold up in court, the cops involved deserve the harshest of
penalties. But true or not, the charges tear at the already tattered integrity
of police officers in Atlanta and around the nation.

The charges against the six officers, in the words of Mayor Bill Campbell,
sicken the stomach. Officer Ronald B. Grimes Jr. of Zone 3 is charged with not
only protecting dealers from arrest, but with giving a dealer crack cocaine to
sell.

The sergeant among the six charged, Dale L. Hendrix, allegedly was paid to
assign officers to protect two apartment complexes. Officer Edgar Allen Jr.
allegedly demanded $ 1,500 a week from dealers seeking to avoid arrest; Officer
Willie D. Jackson allegedly pocketed $ 50,000 from one dealer.

National leaders such as Newt Gingrich have called for imposition of the death
penalty for some drug merchants; what punishment shall we reserve for those who,
charged with protecting us, protect criminals instead?

The Atlanta Police Bureau sparked the probe on its own and deserves credit for
doing so. That so few individuals thus far have been implicated is also cause
for relief. But the public has been bombarded of late with charges of police
misconduct. As soon as the case of Rodney King began to fade from public view,
rogue police behavior resurfaced in the taped, racist braggadocio of L.A.
detective Mark Fuhrman. Closer to home:

> Fired Cumming officer J.D. Swansey was charged with murder Wednesday for
beating a suspect to death. William "Wade" Wallace was beaten with a flashlight
after a car chase.

> Former Gwinnett police officer Michael Harold Chapel has been tried for the
murder and robbery of Emogene Thompson, 53, of Sugar Hill.

> Former Kennesaw officer Denise Marie Koscica pleaded guilty Wednesday to
hiring a hitman to kill a teenage girl. Another Kennesaw officer, John Mitchell
Curley, in January was sentenced to probation for having sex with the same
15-year-old girl.

Incidents like these wear away at the trust of the people we hire to protect us.
Every line of work has its bad apples, of course, but the people hold a special
trust that police officers will protect them and enforce the law. When that
trust is violated, officers must be dealt with harshly and punished severely.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 20, 1991, Monday

NATION IN BRIEF; Christian group to challenge Indianapolis right-to-die case

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 05

LENGTH: 651 words


A brain-damaged woman whose feeding tubes were removed 17 days ago was being fed
again today in Indianapolis while a Christian group pursued a challenge that
could push the Nancy Cruzan right-to-die case a step further.

The group's attorney today planned to research in what court she must appeal the
right-to-die decision that allowed Sue Ann Lawrance's parents to remove their
daughter's feeding tubes May 3.

In Missouri's Cruzan case - which resulted in the U.S. Supreme Court's first
right-to-die ruling - Nancy Cruzan had told her family before she suffered
severe brain damage in a car crash that she wouldn't want to be kept alive in
such a condition. But Ms. Lawrance has been retarded since childhood, and there
has been no evidence about whether she would want to be kept alive.

MAN ALLEGEDLY KILLS 5 FAMILY MEMBERS: A man in York, Pa., beat his mother-in-law
and wife and three young children to death with a hammer, then stabbed and
seriously injured himself with a knife, authorities said Sunday. A 5-month-old
girl in the house was spared. The man, Paul E. Gamboa-Taylor, 30, underwent
surgery and was reported in serious condition Sunday at York Hospital.

KENNEDY'S SON GRADUATES WITH HONORS: Rhode Island legislator Patrick Kennedy
graduated with honors Sunday from Providence College. His parents, Sen. Edward
Kennedy (D-Mass.) and his former wife, Joan Kennedy, were among the spectators
as 1,100 diplomas were handed out. Mr. Kennedy, 23, graduated magna cum laude
with a bachelor of arts degree.

GEPHARDT PLUGS CIVIL RIGHTS BILL: A Democratic-backed civil rights bill would be
"a great step in the right direction," even with a controversial cap on how much
women could seek in job discrimination lawsuits, House Majority Leader Richard
Gephardt said Sunday. "You have to look for the votes to pass the bill," the
Missouri Democrat said on CBS's "Face the Nation." Democratic leaders are
putting together a new version of the civil rights bill against job
discrimination President Bush vetoed last fall.Mr. Bush described the earlier
legislation as a quota bill and objected to its open-ended damages in sex
discrimination cases.

POLICE MISCONDUCT COSTLY: The city of Los Angeles has lost judgments totaling
more than $ 13.8 million so far this year in police misconduct cases, surpassing
the record $ 9.5 million it was ordered to pay in all of 1990. For the fiscal
year ending June 30, the city has used up a $ 17 million fund to settle lawsuits
and will have to pay new awards from a reserve fund, said Jeff Druyun, assistant
chief legislative analyst. Claims alleging Police Department misconduct rose
from an average of nine per week in March and April 1990 to 13 a week following
the videotaped March 3 police beating of black motorist Rodney G. King.

LIFE IMITATES ART: Suspected gang members fired on a crew filming a movie in Los
Angeles about street gangs, wounding a caterer. Workers were taking down a set
used in the Hispanic gang film "Blood In - Blood Out" Saturday when at least
five shots were fired from a passing car. The caterer, 27, was wounded in the
shoulder and was in serious condition at County-USC Medical Center.

3 KILLED IN CRIME SPREE: A former mental patient fatally stabbed three people to
death and set one victim's house afire in Porterville, Calif., early Sunday
before he was shot and killed by deputies when he lunged at them with a knife,
officials said. A fourth victim was in critical condition at a hospital, said
Tulare County Sheriff's Lt. David Williams. Syphevaug Souvannasinh, 45, of
Porterville began the spree in a quiet neighborhood shortly after midnight,
authorities said.; SAY IT AGAIN

"We have really enjoyed our time in Indiana and we are really happy living
here." - Cindy Huggett of Kokomo after naming her baby girl Indy Anna Huggett.

Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday

CHP suspends officers

BYLINE: By Melissa Pinion-Whitt, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Three top-ranking supervisors for the California Highway Patrol's Inland
Division have been placed on administrative leave following accusations of
misconduct.

Inland Division Chief Jeff Talbott and assistant chiefs Mike Williams and Mike
Maples will remain on leave until the conclusion of the investigation, said CHP
spokeswoman Fran Clader.

"The Highway Patrol takes any claims of alleged misconduct seriously," Clader
said.

Clader would not elaborate on the nature of the misconduct, citing the Peace
Officers Bill of Rights and that the investigation was a personnel matter.

She said CHP officials ordered the investigation as soon as they were informed
of the allegations. The investigation began at least a week ago, Clader said.

"We have a whole new management team serving in an acting capacity while the
investigation is going on," she said.

The CHP assigned Tim Clark from Sacramento headquarters to head the Inland
Division. Acting as assistant chief is Warren Stanley, who works for the CHP's
Southern Division.

About 600 sworn officers work for the Inland Division out of 11 offices,
including offices in San Bernardino, Rancho Cucamonga, Riverside, Victorville
and Barstow.

The investigation comes at a time when two legislators are calling for the
resignation of CHP Commissioner Mike Brown.

State Senate Majority Leader Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, and Assemblywoman
Bonnie Garcia, R-Cathedral City, urged the commander to resign during a news
conference Thursday. They cited alleged misconduct by command officers,
accusations of sexual harassment and Brown's personal use of a state-owned
aircraft.

"Clearly, the problem is leadership at the top," Romero said.

But some other law-enforcement agencies and lawmakers praised Brown for what
they see as a quick response to fix problems in the agency.

Other problems pointed out by Romero and Garcia included the suicide rate among
CHP officers - it's 7.5 times higher than the national average for the general
population - and a no-bid contract for nearly 10,000 new handguns, many of which
turned out to be faulty.

Romero and Garcia also pointed to an assistant chief suspected of drunken
driving.

Maples, 58, of the Inland Division, was arrested in November on suspicion of
driving while under the influence after he crashed into a car parked in his own
driveway in Reche Canyon.

Riverside County prosecutors on March 5 charged him with driving while under the
influence, court records show. They also filed an enhancement to the charge
because he either refused to take a chemical test or his blood-alcohol
concentration was higher than 0.20 percent.

He is expected to appear for arraignment April 12 in Riverside Superior Court.

None of the three officers could be reached for comment.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             March 30, 2007 Friday

3 CHP officials put on leave

BYLINE: Melissa Pinion-Whitt, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


Three top-ranking supervisors for the California Highway Patrol's Inland
Division have been placed on administrative leave following accusations of
misconduct.

Inland Division Chief Jeff Talbott and assistant chiefs Mike Williams and Mike
Maples will remain on leave until the conclusion of the investigation, said CHP
spokeswoman Fran Clader.

"The Highway Patrol takes any claims of alleged misconduct seriously," Clader
said.

Clader would not elaborate on the nature of the misconduct, citing the Peace
Officers Bill of Rights and that the investigation was a personnel matter.

She said CHP officials ordered the investigation as soon as they were informed
of the allegations. The investigation began at least a week ago, Clader said.

"We have a whole new management team serving in an acting capacity while the
investigation is going on," she said.

The CHP assigned Tim Clark from Sacramento headquarters to head the Inland
Division. Acting as assistant chief is Warren Stanley, who works for the CHP's
Southern Division.

About 600 sworn officers work for the Inland Division out of 11 offices,
including offices in San Bernardino, Rancho Cucamonga, Riverside, Victorville
and Barstow.

The investigation comes at a time when two legislators are calling for the
resignation of CHP Commissioner Mike Brown.

State Senate Majority Leader Gloria Romero, D-Los Angeles, and Assemblywoman
Bonnie Garcia, R-Cathedral City, urged the commander to resign during a news
conference Thursday. They cited alleged misconduct by command officers,
accusations of sexual harassment and Brown's personal use of a state-owned
aircraft.

"Clearly, the problem is leadership at the top," Romero said.

But some other law-enforcement agencies and lawmakers praised Brown for what
they see as a quick response to fix problems in the agency.

Other problems pointed out by Romero and Garcia included the suicide rate among
CHP officers - it's 7.5 times higher than the national average for the general
population - and a no-bid contract for nearly 10,000 new handguns, many of which
turned out to be faulty.

Romero and Garcia also pointed to an assistant chief suspected of drunken
driving.

Maples, 58, of the Inland Division, was arrested in November on suspicion of
driving while under the influence after he crashed into a car parked in his own
driveway in Reche Canyon.

Riverside County prosecutors on March 5 charged him with driving while under the
influence, court records show. They also filed an enhancement to the charge
because he either refused to take a chemical test or his blood-alcohol
concentration was higher than 0.20 percent.

He is expected to appear for arraignment April 12 in Riverside Superior Court.

None of the three officers could be reached for comment.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Contact writer Melissa Pinion- Whitt at (909) 386-3878 or via e-mail at
melissa.pinion- whitt@sbsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 18, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Staffer at New Life resigns Disclosure to overseers of past "sexual misconduct,"
"poor judgment" He led a ministry for young adults at Ted Haggard's former
church. The board has been scrutinizing the staff's ``spiritual character.''

BYLINE: Eric Gorski Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 502 words


An executive staff member at New Life Church in Colorado Springs has resigned
after admitting to sexual misconduct and other mistakes - the result of an
examination of the staff's moral makeup after the ouster of senior pastor Ted
Haggard, a church official said Sunday.

Christopher Beard, who headed a ministry that trained young adults in leadership
skills, stepped down Friday after admitting to "a series of decisions displaying
poor judgment, including one incident of sexual misconduct several years ago,"
said Rob Brendle, an associate pastor at the 14,000- member church.

Citing confidentiality over personnel issues, Brendle would not discuss the
nature of the sexual misconduct except to say it did not involve Haggard or a
minor.

Beard, a New Life employee for nine years, was not married at the time of the
incident but is now, Brendle said. Beard could not be reached for comment
Sunday.

After Haggard's fall in a drugs-and-gay- sex scandal last month, the senior
leadership of New Life asked its outside board of overseers to take a closer
look at the "spiritual character" of its 200-member staff as a precaution.
Brendle said Beard's disclosures came during a meeting with the board, which is
made up of four pastors from other congregations.

Brendle said Beard's resignation was voluntary and is another step toward making
sure the "disordered moral life" demonstrated in Haggard's fall is "excised from
the church."

"We recognize there will be increased scrutiny of our church in the wake of the
scandal," Brendle said. "We welcome that process in order to reinforce the high
standard of personal integrity and morality that has characterized New Life's
employees for 22 years."

Before his resignation, Beard oversaw a church ministry called twentyfourseven,
a nine-month training program for young adults in missionary work and
leadership. He has led mission trips to 53 countries and had a role in this
year's church Easter drama.

In 2002, Beard was reprimanded by church officials after he staged a missionary
training drill using fake assault weapons. A SWAT team was put on alert after a
passing motorist thought the guns were real. Brendle said that incident played a
role in Beard's departure.

Beard's church biography states he has a business degree from Oral Roberts
University - Haggard's alma mater - and a master's degree in Christian
counseling. He previously worked as a psychotherapist at a leading mental
institution, the biography states.

Haggard, 50, resigned as president of the National Association of Evangelicals
and was fired from his pulpit after a Denver male prostitute alleged a
three-year relationship with the minister and claimed Haggard used
methamphetamine.

Haggard confessed to undisclosed "sexual immorality" and admitted buying meth
but said he never used the drug.

Haggard and his wife, Gayle, are undergoing three weeks of counseling at an
undisclosed outpatient treatment center in Arizona.

Staff writer Eric Gorski can be reached at 303-954-1698 or
egorski@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 27, 2008 Sunday

Other cities have oversight panels, too

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 297 words


A total of 136 independent oversight boards or agencies monitor police
departments nationwide, according to the National Association for Civilian
Oversight of Law Enforcement (www.nacole.com). Their powers vary widely. Some
are boards of citizens chosen to monitor and contribute to police policy-making
and to help choose a police chief. Many are citizen panels that have the power
to investigate allegations of police wrongdoing.

Here is how three Midwestern agencies operate:

Chicago

The Independent Police Review Authority is an independent agency with civilian
investigators. It compiles all allegations of misconduct. When allegations
involve excessive force, police shootings, domestic violence, coercion through
violence or verbal bias-based abuse, the IPRA does the investigation and
recommends a response. All other allegations are referred to the department's
internal affairs division. There is no citizen panel connected with the IPRA.

Cincinnati

The Citizen Complaint Authority investigates citizen complaints of officer
misconduct. It has professional investigators. The seven-member board approves
or disapproves of its investigators' recommendations and can make additional
comments or recommendations. All hearings are public, as are the names of
accused officers and the findings of the board.

Indianapolis

The Citizens Police Complaint Board is an independent 12-member board.
Complaints are investigated by the police department, which takes statements
from those involved. It returns a finding to the panel, which reviews it at a
public meeting. If the panel does not agree with the finding, it can order its
executive director to conduct an independent investigation, conduct an
administrative hearing or ask the executive director to mediate the complaint.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: FACT BOX

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 23, 2000, Sunday, THREE STAR EDITION

MISSOURI TOWN PINS HOPES ON NEXT MAYOR TO GET THROUGH "EMBARRASSING" TIMES

BYLINE: Doug Johnson; The Associated Press

SECTION: METRO, Pg. D9

LENGTH: 482 words

DATELINE: REEDS SPRING, MO.


Denise Rappa's ideal candidate for the next mayor of Reeds Spring didn't file by
the deadline Tuesday. But she admits her expectations may have been a bit high.

"We need a saint," the store manager says.

Indeed, several residents of Reeds Spring may be pinning their hopes on the next
mayor to rise above what Rappa calls "an embarrassing situation" to bring
normalcy back to town.

Their former mayor, Joe Dan Dwyer, resigned in November after pleading guilty to
sexual misconduct with a 15-year-old girl. And while voters head for the polls
in April to choose a new mayor, the 68-year-old Dwyer will be heading for his
sentencing hearing.

"Joe didn't mean to embarrass anyone, and he's sorry if he has," said his wife,
Marcelene Dwyer, who is an alderman in town. "He did a real good job as mayor.
He's a big-hearted giver, and everyone around here knows that."

Candidates weren't exactly lining up outside City Hall on Tuesday to replace
Dwyer. By the 4 p.m. deadline, only one person had filed for the p osition. The
candidate, Mark Mathis, could not be reached for comment.

There's little doubt that this small community of 400 people wants to put Dwyer
behind it. In a barber shop on main street, two men offered only angry glares
when asked about the former mayor. It was the same situation across the street
in a cafe, where one waitress responded: "No one wants to touch that one."

But it may not be easy for people in Reeds Spring to simply put Dwyer out of
their minds. His sprawling home on the town's main street - which includes a
cast-iron sculpture of a dinosaur in the front yard - is enough to make visitors
stop and ask questions.

"When people ask about the house, I just tell them the owner is out of town,"
Rappa said. "It's very uncomfortable."

Dwyer was in office for nearly two years and helped make several improvements
around town, often at his own expense. Terry Teague, who owns a sign shop,
recalled that the mayor once bought paint for every store owner in town to
freshen up storefronts.

"He meant a lot, financially, to this community," he said. "It's a shame what
happened."

Federal prosecutors say Dwyer and a Springfield woman conspired to take the
15-year-old girl from her home in Manhattan, Kan., to St. Louis to have sex with
her. He pleaded guilty in November to nine felony counts related to the case,
including trying to influence the testimony of the victim and her mother.

Dwyer faces 80 years in prison and up to $ 2.25 million in fines when he is
sentenced April 12.

Dwyer is in federal custody in Kansas City. His wife said she visits him every
weekend. She said the former mayor has renewed his Christian vows and is passing
time by studying the Bible.

"I've not felt ashamed about this, we've all made mistakes," she said. "A lot of
people in town have offered support and are still behind us."

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - A busy day on Reeds Spring, Mo., a
town in the Missouri Ozarks rocked by the mayor's resignation after he was
charged with sexual misconduct involving a 15-year-old girl.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

2nd California police agency reviews sexual misconduct allegations

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 355 words

ABSTRACT

A second police department in the San Francisco Bay Area has opened an internal
investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct by its officers

FULL TEXT

RICHMOND >> A second police department in the San Francisco Bay Area has
launched an internal investigation into allegations of sexual misconduct by its
officers.

The Richmond and Oakland departments are investigating after an 18-year-old
woman said she had sexual relations with two dozen current and former officers
in five cities during her stint as a sex worker. She told the East Bay Times
recently that she was underage during encounters with three of the officers.

Richmond Assistant Police Chief Bisa French said Tuesday that the department
opened an internal affairs inquiry last week after receiving information from
Oakland police.

French said several ranking officers are being investigated for criminal contact
with the woman or policy violations but she could not confirm the exact number
of officers.

In Oakland, the allegations marked another blow to a department that has been
under federal oversight because of failures to adequately hold officers
accountable for misdeeds. Police Chief Sean Whent stepped down Thursday and gave
no specific reason for his resignation.

Whent said last month that an investigation into the misconduct allegations
began after an officer killed himself last year but did not provide specifics.
Two officers have resigned and two others are on paid leave.

Oakland police have been under the supervision of monitors appointed by federal
courts since 2003. It stemmed from a civil settlement involving allegations that
four night-shift officers in predominantly black west Oakland were beating and
robbing residents and planting evidence.

The woman at the center of the scandal told the East Bay Times that she entered
prostitution at age 12 and eventually ended up on Oakland's International
Boulevard, a well-known sex-trafficking hub, said many officers knew she was
underage.

The woman said she had sex with officers from the Oakland, Richmond, Livermore
and Stockton departments and some from the Alameda County Sheriff's Office.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 17, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Detectives' Union Agrees to Drop Disputed Rule

BYLINE: By AMY WALDMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 467 words


Following in the footsteps of the police sergeants' union, the union that
represents police detectives in New York City reached a tentative agreement
yesterday with the Giuliani administration on a contract that eliminates the
so-called 48-hour rule for interrogating detectives accused of misconduct.

The rule, which gives accused police officers the right to wait two full
business days before having to answer questions from the Police Department, was
one of several governing police misconduct cases that the proposed contract
would eliminate.

Like the tentative agreement that the city reached on Tuesday with the
sergeants' union, the detectives' contract eliminates an entire set of rules
known as the Police Officers' Bill of Rights. Those rules also covered areas
like the right of an officer to be informed of his accuser and the right to
union representation.

But the administration's focus has been on the 48-hour rule, which has been
criticized for creating a perception that police officers are governed by a more
lenient set of regulations and for possibly allowing officers accused of
misconduct to coordinate stories or tamper with witnesses.

The Police Department has said the rule, fiercely protected by the city's police
unions since it was written into contracts in 1971, hampers its ability to
investigate departmental infractions, although in potential criminal cases,
prosecutors usually ask departmental investigators to delay questioning officers
anyway.

Thomas J. Scotto, the president of the detectives' union, the Detectives
Endowment Association, said he had only grudgingly agreed to the elimination of
the Bill of Rights after the sergeants did the same earlier this week. To fight
it, he said, "would delay money for my members."

The contract would grant the detectives pay raises of 3 percent a year in 1998
and 1999 and a 6 percent raise in 2000.

Detective Scotto said his union had filed a collective bargaining complaint
against the Giuliani administration after it told the union that it did not
believe the Bill of Rights should be part of contract negotiations. But on June
30, the Board of Collective Bargaining ruled against the sergeants' union on the
same issue, and Detective Scotto said he saw no hope of victory for his union.

The contract, which is retroactive to Feb. 22, 1996, and expires on June 21,
2001, must still be ratified by the union's 5,500 members.

James F. Hanley, the city's Labor Commissioner, said the Police Department would
now have to establish rules on the interrogation of its members.

City officials hope to eliminate the 48-hour and other rules in subsequent
contracts with other police unions, including the Patrolmen's Benevolent
Association, representing most of the 40,000-member force.



LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Bad teachers: Which states are keeping track and which aren't;
Only seven states got an 'A' in a USA Today survey of teacher background checks,
transparency on teacher disciplinary actions, and how states handle sharing
information about teachers' misconduct.

BYLINE: Lisa Suhay Correspondent

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1275 words


When bad teachers are fired or disciplined, how easy is it to track them?

Only seven states got an "A" in a USA Today survey that ranked states across the
nation on background checks, transparency on teacher disciplinary actions,
mandatory reporting laws and how states handle sharing information about
teachers' misconduct with other states.

The survey indicates there are big gaps in info about teachers and points to a
need for better coordination in collecting and sharing information about the
misconduct of teachers. It refers to America's process for vetting teachers as
"a loosely-connected patchwork of state laws and procedures, inconsistent
practices by school districts and state officials, and wide variations in who's
accountable for what and how accountable they are."

The federal government doesn't maintain a national database of teachers who have
permanently lost their licenses. The concern being that teachers can get a new
job teaching in one state, after documented misconduct in another.

Here's how the reporting system works now, according to USA Today:

Education agencies in every state voluntarily report to a privately run database
operated by the non-profit National Association of State Directors of Teacher
Education and Certification [NASDTEC] when they take a disciplinary action
against a teacher for anything from minor infractions to serious cases of
physical or sexual abuse.An examination of records about teachers disciplined in
all 50 states found more than 1,400 cases where a teacher permanently lost his
or her license but was not listed in the NASDTEC database.

"The National Education Association supports a great public school teacher for
every child. Every state now requires background checks for teachers, and nearly
all of these involve fingerprint-based checks of the FBI database," says Alice
O'Brien, general counsel at the National Education Association in an email to
the Monitor. "The key is making sure that those existing state laws are
followed. NEA has supported those efforts and supports the provision in the
recently adopted Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) that prohibits the transfers
of school employees if there is probable cause to believe they engaged in
serious misconduct."

Some may find the state-to-state USA Today report card results surprising.

Alabama, for example, got an "A." But it also holds the distinction of being the
state where school employees were accused or convicted of sex crimes with
students more frequently than in any other state on a per capita basis in 2014,
according to records compiled by a former chief of staff of the U.S. Department
of Education.

The USA Today grade reflects the state's record of transparency.

"We are certainly pleased to have our processes highlighted, ... our local
superintendents and their staff members deserve a large share of the credit for
reporting incidents of misconduct in a timely manner. This allows us to act
swiftly to pursue action against educator credentials when required," writes
Assistant Coordinator for Background Review, Alabama State Department of
Education, Corey Martin in an email to the Monitor.

But Massachusetts and 10 other states flunked.

In an e-mail response to questions about the survey, the Massachusetts
Department of Elementary and Secondary Education writes, "Massachusetts takes
student safety seriously and shares information with NASDTEC about educators'
licenses that were revoked or suspended, and we also check NASDTEC updates
against educators in our database. Massachusetts has already taken state-level
action to improve background checks on educators, as illustrated by changes that
began in 2013 and expanded the required state background check to include having
educators' fingerprints checked against a national criminal database."

Grades were given to states based on how thoroughly they check an applicant's
background before issuing a teaching license; whether the state shares complete
licensing and disciplinary information about sanctioned teachers publicly; if it
reports its own sanctions effectively to a nationwide database and if the state
has laws mandating that educators, schools and school districts report
misconduct to the state.

The USA Today report card by state:

A: Alabama, Hawaii, North Dakota, Ohio, Oregon, South Carolina, and Utah.

B: Arizona, California, Iowa, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Texas, and
Washington.

C: Arkansas, Colorado, Montana, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky,
Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico South Dakota, and Wisconsin.

D: Connecticut, Indiana, Rhode Island, Missouri, Mississippi, Nevada, Virginia,
Utah, and Wyoming.

F: Indiana, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Mexico, North
Carolina, New Hampshire, Oklahoma, Washington D.C., and West Virginia.

"What this survey points to is deep flaws and inconsistencies in what we track
and how we act on it nationally and to highly variable standards and in some
cases a lack of standards," says Paul Reville, director of the Education
Redesign Lab at Harvard University's Graduate School of Education in a phone
interview. "We need to set national standards for the protection of children,
rather than allow for this kind of widespread variability that this survey
uncovers."

According to the report, Virginia got a "D."

Dr. Warren Stewart, a retired Virginia school superintendent, former classroom
teacher, principal and recently retired Norfolk school board member who sat on
the Virginia teacher licensure panel for four years says in a phone interview,
"My initial reaction is that anything that I could get as a superintendent, or
as a colleague teacher, that would continue to give me assurances that my
colleagues were the best possible person to work with the children that I was
working with would be something that I would welcome and want."

While the survey reports that Virginia does have a mandatory system for
reporting teacher misconduct, the state got the "D" for having little teacher
data online, background checks left up to individual districts and only sharing
some teacher misconduct with other states.

Mr. Stewart says. "I can't understand why anybody wouldn't want the best
possible information on which to feel comfortable with their colleagues. To me
it's a no-brainer. We need a better, more uniform system."

Cathleen Palm, founder of the Center for Children's Justice in Pennsylvania, a
state that got a "B" from the survey says in a phone interview, "All states
should run the same type of background check and not only in your own state, but
across state lines. Don't "pass the trash," is what people call it."

Ms. Palm adds that her concerns extend beyond potential sexual predators to the
physical abuse of children, particularly those who are disabled or have special
needs.

"It's a worrisome thing we have our radar up about sexual abuse, but we haven't
been talking about physical things that happen to children in the classroom,"
she says. "You could have things happen to a child in a classroom that were one
shade from death and not considered child abuse. We should all have a heightened
sense of what is inappropriate, particularly physical abuse and kids with
disabilities. That issue in particular is off people's radar.

Mr. Reyville at Harvard concludes, "Obviously everybody's now apprehensive about
additional federal responsibility and accountability, however, there are times
when children's safety is at risk when it's appropriate to have certain things
managed at the national level."

"It would appear from what's being reported that simply managing that through a
voluntary system isn't working out so well," he adds.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Report card for a struggling student in Lawrence, Mass. A USA Today
survey of how well teacher misconduct is tracked and shared, showed
Massachusetts among 10 states getting an "F." Melanie Stetson Freeman / The
Christian Science Monitor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           January 31, 2008 Thursday

ROUNDHOUSE ROUNDUP: N.M. NOT ALONE IN ETHICS BATTLE

BYLINE: STEVE TERRELL

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 806 words


Terrell: New resolution

Although neither the governor nor lawmakers seem fired up about ethics
legislation this session, according to a national study released this week,
there are deep misgivings about ethics in state governments all over the country
-- by state employees themselves.

The Washington, D.C.-based Ethics Resource Center, "a nonprofit, nonpartisan
organization dedicated to the study and promotion of ethical behavior in
organizations worldwide," released its annual National Government Ethics Survey.
The results weren't pretty.

Fifty-seven percent of state workers surveyed reported observing at least one
kind of misconduct over the past year. More than 80 percent of those reported
seeing multiple instances of misconduct.

Only 7 percent of state workers reported a "strong ethical culture" in their
workplaces.

And yes, gentle readers, it's not just New Mexico.

"There is a strong risk of losing the public trust that is essential for any
government to maintain," ERC President Patricia Harned said in a news release
accompanying the report. "Voters must believe that elected officials, political
appointees and career government employees act in their best interest. Eroded
trust hinders government's effectiveness."

The study doesn't have a state-by-state breakdown, so it's impossible to see if
New Mexico ranks higher or lower than the national average.

The most common form of misconduct reported was conflicts of interest. Nearly
one-third of state employees said they'd observed this, though none of the
conflicts were specified. This was followed by lying to employees (28 percent)
and abusive behavior (26 percent).

"A quarter of state government employees work in environments conducive to
misconduct," the report says. "In environments conducive to misconduct,
employees are introduced to situations directly inviting misconduct, and/or they
feel pressured to cut corners to do their jobs. Further, employees may feel that
work values conflict with personal values."

"Top management may be unaware of the misconduct problem," the report said.
Twenty-nine percent of state employees who observed misconduct did not report
it.

"Because government sets many rules to assure ethical practices in business, it
is vital that government set a high standard of its own," Harned said. "A world
where almost one-third of local government workers don't report ethics
violations when they see them does not set a high standard."

Most disturbing is the finding that 18 percent of state government employees who
reported their observations of misconduct have experienced retaliation. More
than a third who observed misconduct chose not to report it fearing retaliation
from management, while 30 percent didn't report misconduct because they feared
retaliation from co-workers.

State government has a bigger "ethics risk" factor than federal or local
governments, the study says. This is because of the high rate of observing
misconduct coupled with the low rate of reporting it.

For the study, 3,452 randomly selected state employees were interviewed between
June 25 and Aug. 15 last year. Again, we don't know how many, if any, were from
New Mexico.

Memorialize this: In past legislative sessions, I've jokingly called for a study
on Legislature-mandated studies. Other Roundhouse wags have suggested a task
force on task forces.

In that spirit, an Albuquerque Republican lawmaker said Wednesday that later
this week she's introducing a resolution on memorials and resolutions.

Rep. Justine Fox-Young is proposing the House change its rules that would
restrict memorials to "an official expression of condolence or acknowledgment of
achievement for public officials past or present or those who 'made
extraordinary contributions' to the state."

Her resolution would restrict resolutions to proposed state constitutional
amendments, ratifying amendments to the U.S. Constitution, petitioning Congress
under Congressional rules, "expressing the approval of the Legislature where
legislative approval is required by statute or (the state constitution)" or
adopting new or repealing or amending rules of the House.

There are memorials and resolutions for every which thing. There are memorials
or joint memorials declaring it Cowboy Day, Farm Workers Day, Stealth Fighter
Day, FFA & 4H Day, New Mexico Mesa Day, School Nutrition Day and UNM vs. NMSU
Football Rivalry Week. There are memorials calling for new studies and task
forces.

Perhaps coincidentally, Fox-Young showed her resolution to reporters on the same
day that Gov. Bill Richardson told reporters at a news conference, "I'm sick of
studies! I'm sick of task forces!" (He was discussing his health care
legislation.)

"I really hate memorials," Fox-Young said. "I never introduce them."

Someone is bound to suggest a task force to study her resolution.

Contact Steve Terrell at 986-3037.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 18, 1991, Monday, Final Edition

Season Winding Down, Capitals Are Gearing Up;
Power Play, Playoff Cause Are Revived

Dave Sell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 926 words


As the season dwindles, the top five teams in the Patrick Division are getting
closer to each other by the day. For the Washington Capitals, who spent most of
the last three months looking up at the others, that is just fine.

The Capitals made things a bit tighter Saturday night by snuffing out the
Philadelphia Flyers, 6-0, in front of 18,130 at Capital Centre.

There was a playoff -- and sadly, a prizefight -- atmosphere to the game,
because a lot remains at stake. The regular season ends two weeks from last
night, but no team in the Patrick Division -- unlike every other division -- has
secured a playoff spot. The only team out of the hunt is the sixth-place
Islanders, 16 points behind New Jersey.

At the top, but just barely, are the Pittsburgh Penguins. Yesterday they
defeated the New York Rangers -- who had been in first place since Oct. 22, 147
days -- by 4-2 to take a one-point lead. The third-place Flyers (73 points, one
ahead of the Capitals and Devils) didn't further their cause, losing, 3-1, to
the Adams Division-leading Boston Bruins.

The Capitals (33-33-6) are at .500 for the first time since Dec. 21, and have
lost only once in the last eight games (5-1-2). Because the Capitals have more
wins than the Devils -- who lost, 6-2, in Hartford Saturday night -- the
Capitals are technically in fourth and the Devils (30-31-12) fifth. The number
of victories is the first criterion used to break ties for playoff positions.
The Capitals also have one more game than the Devils to play (eight to seven).
Washington has two more to play than the Flyers.

The Capitals could not have asked for a better story line Saturday night, but
they would be foolish to expect the points to come as easily in their last
games. The first of those is Tuesday night, when the St. Louis Blues visit
Capital Centre. They play the Islanders on Long Island Thursday and at home
against Minnesota on Friday.

The Capitals took a 3-0 lead after one period, which took some zip from the
already tired Flyers, who were playing their sixth straight road game. The
frustrated Flyers tried to avenge some of the hits from the Feb. 10 game with
Washington -- during which 294 minutes in penalties were amassed -- in the third
period, but the penalty minutes totaled a mere 170.

The Capitals decided to turn the other cheek and use their power play, which
accounted for two goals (a third came one second after a Flyers penalty
expired). Mikhail Tatarinov scored the first of his two goals on a power play.
Dale Hunter deflected in a Hatcher shot for a 3-0 lead. Michal Pivonka, who
scored the final goal, had three assists as did Calle Johansson and John Druce.

"Hatchie and Calle are doing a great job," Pivonka said of the recent power play
success (eight goals in the last 22 tries). "They're finally hitting the net, so
that's why we're scoring. All the goals came that way -- we got a shot and
deflection."

But Pivonka also noted that the Flyers did not pressure the Capitals' point men
as much as some might. With defensemen accounting for six of 11 goals in the
last two games, that may change. Hatcher's 22 goals are the most on the team.
Dino Ciccarelli (who sat out the third period to rest a pulled groin), Mike
Ridley and Kelly Miller have 21 goals apiece.

On a team that may not have a 30-goal scorer for the first time since 1975-76,
the defensemen are probably thinking they need to fill the void.

Said Al Iafrate after Thursday's win over Quebec: "I'm here to create offense."
FIRST PERIOD

Scoring: 1, Washington, Tatarinov 7 (Druce, Iafrate), 8:09 (pp). 2, Washington,
Khristich 10 (Druce, Pivonka), 9:48. 3, Washington, Hunter 16 (Hatcher,
Johansson), 14:49 (pp).

Penalties: Greenlaw, Was (hooking), 3:48; Mellanby, Phi (interference), 5:14;
Wregget, Phi, served by Eklund (roughing), 6:24; Kypreos, Was (interference),
10:27; Lacombe, Phi (roughing), 13:06; Chychrun, Phi (unsportsmanlike conduct),
13:06; May, Was (unsportsmanlike conduct), 13:06; Acton, Phi (roughing), 16:27;
Sabourin, Was (roughing), 16:27; Ricci, Phi (cross-checking), 18:45; Johansson,
Was (roughing), 18:45; Berube, Phi, minor-major (high-sticking, fighting),
19:51; Leach, Was, minor-major (high-sticking, fighting), 19:51.SECOND PERIOD

Scoring: 4, Washington, Tatarinov 8 (Pivonka, Khristich), 1:37. 5, Washington,
Hatcher 22 (Johansson, Pivonka), 9:26.

Penalties: Chychrun, Phi, major (fighting), 1:54; May, Was, minor-major
(instigator, fighting), 1:54; Ricci, Phi (elbowing), 6:25; Bergland, Was
(high-sticking), 10:13; Pivonka, Was (high-sticking), 14:16; Samuelsson, Phi
(boarding), 15:59.THIRD PERIOD

Scoring: 6, Washington, Pivonka 17 (Druce, Johansson), 12:35.

Penalties: Lacombe, Phi, double minor (roughing), 1:45; Sabourin, Was
(roughing), 1:45; Berube, Phi, triple minor-major-misconduct (spearing,
high-sticking, fighting), 6:35; Fenyves, Phi, misconduct, 6:35; Mellanby, Phi,
misconduct, 6:35; Acton, Phi, misconduct, 6:35; Hunter, Was, minor-major-
misconduct (high-sticking, fighting), 6:35; Iafrate, Was, game misconduct, 6:35;
Leach, Was, misconduct, 6:35; May, Was, misconduct, 6:35; Sabourin, Was,
misconduct, 6:35.SHOTS ON GOAL

Philadelphia...8...8...9...25

Washington....12...8...12..32

Power-play opportunities: Philadelphia 0 of 5; Washington 2 of 8.

Goalies: Philadelphia, Wregget, 10-11-2 (14 shots-10 saves), Peeters (1:37
second, 6-5), Wregget (0:00 third, 1-1), Peeters (4:33 third 11-10). Washington,
Beaupre, 17-16-2 (25-25).

A: 18,130. Referee: Terry Gregson. Linesmen: Gord Broseker, Pat Dapuzzo.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, WASHINGTON'S DIMITRI KHRISTICH TRIES TO GET PAST STICK CHECK OF
PHILADELPHIA'S TERRY CARKNER IN SATURDAY'S 6-0 CAPITALS VICTORY. UPI

TYPE: GAME COVERAGE

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Ivanhoe Times (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 26, 2013

Catholic Diocese of New Ulm presents statement on lawsuits alleging sexual
misconduct by deceased priest

BYLINE: Ivanhoe Times staff

LENGTH: 487  words


NEW ULM -- The Catholic Diocese of New Ulm, has been named in three lawsuits
alleging sexual misconduct by David Roney, a deceased priest of the Diocese of
New Ulm. The lawsuits, filed Friday, September 13, 2013, in the 5th Judicial
District Court for the State of Minnesota, allege Roney sexually abused one
female minor while serving at the Church of St. Francis in Benson and two female
minors while serving at the Church of St. Mary in Willmar.

Roney was ordained for the Archdiocese of St Paul and Minneapolis in August of
1945. His assignments in the archdiocese included assistant pastor at the
Basilica of St. Mary in Minneapolis, 1945-1952; and pastor at the Churches of
St. Francis in St. Croix Beach, 1952-1955; and St. John-Assumption in Faxon
Township, 1955-1957.

The Diocese of New Ulm was formed in 1957. At that time, when a new diocese was
created, all priests serving within the boundaries of that diocese automatically
became part of it. Roney served as pastor at five parishes in the Diocese of New
Ulm.

These five churches and the years he served those five churches are the Church
of St. John Assumption in Faxon Township, 1957-1958; the Church of St. Paul in
Walnut Grove, 1958-1963; the Church of St. Francis in Benson, 1963-1967; the
Church of St. Mary in Willmar, 1967-1980; and the Church of St. Gregory the
Great in Lafayette, 1980-1993.

He also served as director of the diocesan San Lucas Mission Office and as
director of the Propagation of the Faith. Roney retired from active ministry in
1993 and resided in San Lucas Toliman, Guatemala, starting in 1994. Roney died
January 27, 2003, at the age of 82.

The diocese will be investigating the claims in the new lawsuits but have no
facts to report about those claims at this time.

The Diocese of New Ulm deeply regrets the long-lasting and devastating effects
of sexual misconduct on the part of clergy. Such misconduct requires positive
action on the part of the diocese and the Diocese of New Ulm has been
strengthening its systems and procedures in order to address this grave issue by
following the U.S. bishops' Charter for the Protection of Children and Young
People, established in June 2002.

The Diocese of New Ulm has been diligent in its efforts to establish a safe
environment program that educates clergy, teachers, parents and students and
that helps them identify and prevent sexual misconduct.

The Diocese of New Ulm is committed to offering help and healing to anyone who
has been a victim of sexual misconduct and to preventing this terrible crime
from occurring in the diocese. Anyone who has suffered sexual abuse,
exploitation or harassment by a priest, deacon, pastor or pastoral administrator
of the Diocese of New Ulm is asked to report such misconduct to the Victim
Assistance Coordinator or the Bishop's Delegate in Matters Pertaining to Sexual
Misconduct, 1400 6th Street North, New Ulm, MN., 56073, telephone: (507)
359-2966.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IVN

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Ivanhoe Times


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

Two area women join list of Trump accusers

BYLINE: Seema Mehta, Melanie Mason

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 942 words

DATELINE:  CHARLOTTE, N.C.


Two Southern California women came forward Friday to accuse Donald Trump of
accosting them, the latest in a spate of sexual misconduct allegations buffeting
the Republican presidential nominee.

Summer Zervos, a former contestant on "The Apprentice," described darting around
a Beverly Hills Hotel bungalow to avoid Trump's kisses and wandering hands in
2007. Kristin Anderson, a onetime aspiring model, said Trump slipped his hand up
her skirt and touched her vagina in a New York City nightclub in the early
1990s.

Both women said they decided to go public because of the emergence of a video
last week in which Trump describes how he can kiss women and grab their genitals
without their consent because of his celebrity, claims he later dismissed as
"locker-room talk."

"You do not have a right to treat women as sexual objects just because you are a
star," Zervos said at a news conference.

She and Anderson joined several other women who have publicly accused Trump of
sexual misconduct since he said at Sunday's second presidential debate that he
had never acted in the manner he described on the recording. One said Trump
slipped his hand up her skirt on an airplane, another said he kissed her without
her consent at Trump Tower, and two others described separate episodes at
Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.

Trump angrily rebuffed all of the claims, dismissing the women as "sick"
fame-seekers. He implied that the woman who described the airplane encounter
wasn't attractive enough to warrant his attention.

"Believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you," he told the
crowd at a campaign rally in Greensboro, N.C.

Trump said the new revelations were a "setup" meant to hurt his bid for the
presidency. As he has in recent days, he repeatedly suggested forces were
conspiring against him and his supporters.

"The whole thing is one big fix. It's one big ugly lie. It's one big fix," he
said.

Trump trained his ire on the news media, particularly the New York Times, which
published the first two accu-sers' accounts this week. In a new twist, he
asserted that billionaire and Times shareholder Carlos Slim was behind the
negative news coverage. Bringing up the new target in his speech, Trump repeated
several times that Slim is from Mexico.

"Reporters at the New York Times are not journalists," he said. "They're
corporate lobbyists for Carlos Slim and Hillary Clinton."

Clinton, the Democratic nominee, pointed to the growing list of accusations
against Trump.

"The disturbing stories keep coming," she said, adding that they weren't limited
to his treatment of women and referring to his derogatory comments about
Mexicans, Muslims and others.

"There's a long list," she said at a fundraiser at the Paramount Theatre in
Seattle. "This is who Donald Trump really is. We know that. Now we have to
demonstrate who we are. America is better than this."

Anderson told the Washington Post she was at a crowded nightclub with friends
when she suddenly felt fingers moving up her inner thigh and touching her
underwear over her vagina.

Anderson said she pushed the hand away, turned to look at who had touched her
and recognized Trump. She told friends about it over the years, but decided to
speak out this week after hearing other women's experiences with Trump, she told
the Post.

"It's a sexual assault issue, and it's something that I've kept quiet on my
own," said Anderson, now 46 and a photographer in Southern California. "And I've
always kept quiet. And why should I keep quiet? Actually, all of the women
should speak up, and if you're touched inappropriately, tell somebody and speak
up about it. Actually, go to the authorities and press some charges. It's not
OK."

Trump said Anderson's account was not credible because he never sits alone at
clubs.

Zervos, appearing shaken with eyes welling with tears, said she contacted Trump
in 2007 seeking a job. They met in New York and he later called her, dubbed her
his "O.C. angel" and proposed dinner during a planned trip to Los Angeles, she
said.

Zervos said she was summoned to the Beverly Hills Hotel, where she expected to
eat at a restaurant. Instead, she was ushered to Trump's bungalow. Trump tried
to kiss her with an open mouth repeatedly, put his hand on her breast and thrust
his genitals at her, Zervos said.

"Dude, you're tripping right now," Zervos said she told Trump as she sought to
stop his advances.

Zervos, a registered Republican, said she had often been asked about Trump since
he began his presidential run because of her appearance on the fifth season of
"The Apprentice," his reality show. The Huntington Beach resident said she was
always complimentary, but felt anguished over his conduct and tried to contact
him in April with no success.

Zervos, now 41, said she decided to speak publicly after hearing the 2005
recording of Trump bragging in crass, predatory terms about women and his denial
at Sunday's presidential debate that he had ever acted on his boasts.

"I want to be able to sleep when I'm 70 at night," said Zervos, sitting with her
attorney, Gloria Allred, who is known for staging media spectacles in taking on
politicians of both parties over their treatment of women.

Trump said he "vaguely" recalled Zervos from "The Apprentice" but denied her
allegations:

"To be clear, I never met her at a hotel or greeted her inappropriately a decade
ago. That is not who I am as a person, and it is not how I've conducted my
life."

--

seema.mehta@latimes.com

melanie.mason@latimes.com

Mehta reported from Los Angeles and Mason from Charlotte. Times staff writers
Michael A. Memoli in Seattle and Hailey Branson-Potts in Los Angeles contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: "YOU DO NOT have a right to treat women as sexual objects just
because you are a star," Summer Zervos, a Republican from Huntington Beach, said
of her experience with Donald Trump in Beverly Hills in 2007.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Irfan Khan Los Angeles Times PHOTO: "THE WHOLE THING is one big
fix," Donald Trump said in response to this week's flurry of sexual misconduct
allegations. "It's one big ugly lie."  PHOTOGRAPHER:Evan Vucci Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Delano High employee resigns after sexual misconduct arrest

BYLINE: Harold Pierce, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 241 words


April 08--Bobby-Scott Campos Perigo, the Delano High School employee charged
with sexual misconduct with a 17-year-old student, has resigned his position,
district officials announced Friday.

Perigo, who has faced multiple accusations of sexual misconduct with minors
according to police reports dating back to 2008, recently admitted to police
that he was carrying on a sexual relationship with a 17-year-old student.

Perigo most recently was a student affairs specialist. District officials said
Perigo resigned "rather than face termination."

"We are pleased that Mr. Perigo made the decision to resign from employment
rather than force the district to engage in a costly and disruptive personnel
action against him," Tom DeLapp, a Delano Joint Union High School District
spokesperson, said in a statement.

Officers arrested Perigo late last month after receiving a tip from the girl's
parents that she was having a sexual relationship with a district employee.

Perigo co-worker Juan Brito, whom police accuse of knowing about the
relationship and attempting to cover it up, has not been charged by the Kern
County District Attorney's office. District officials have not taken any
personnel action against him, and are awaiting an outcome to the police
investigation.

___ (c)2016 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160408-BK-Delano-High-employee-resigns-after-sexual-misconduct
-arrest-0408-20160408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2016 The Bakersfield Californian


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 30, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Report Says Many Officers Avoid Misconduct Penalties

BYLINE: By JUAN FORERO

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 608 words


Since 1996, the New York Police Department has disciplined police officers in
only 24 percent of the cases of brutality and other misconduct substantiated by
the civilian agency that investigates complaints from the public, a report
released yesterday said.

Using data provided by the agency, the Civilian Complaint Review Board, the New
York Civil Liberties Union determined that of 1,543 complaints substantiated by
the board and referred to police officials for discipline, only 371 resulted in
an officer's being punished. In the other cases, either the department did not
find the officer guilty, did not impose punishment or has still not acted on the
complaint. The Civil Liberties Union's report, which tabulated the outcome of
review board cases from January 1996 through June 1999, said that 48 percent of
the substantiated cases in those three and a half years remained unresolved.

It also said that in three of four cases in which disciplinary action was taken
between January 1998 and June 1999, the punishment was relatively minor, ranging
from the loss of vacation days to a warning.

To the Civil Liberties Union, the findings are evidence that the Police
Department has failed to act on most cases referred to it by the six-year-old
board, which reviews several thousand complaints a year and forwards hundreds it
substantiates to the department for resolution. The report's authors say the
result is that the board has remained an ineffectual agency that has failed to
live up to the dreams of those who fought for the establishment of an
independent body to investigate police brutality.

"We still do not have in New York an effective, independent civilian review,"
said Norman Siegel, the civil liberties group's executive director, who was a
leader of that effort.

In recent months Police Commissioner Howard Safir has praised the board as an
effective agency, saying that fresh leadership and increased funding have
reinvigorated it. Yesterday he harshly criticized the report.

"If Mr. Siegel looked," he said, "he would find that we discipline officers in
the highest percentage of cases ever in the department, and we continue to do
that, and we take it very seriously."

Mr. Safir said that the department's relationship with the board had improved
significantly. "The quality of cases coming out of the C.C.R.B. has improved,"
he said, "which gives me the ability to impose discipline on cases that have
evidence, which was not always the case."

The report contends that Mr. Safir and by extension Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani
have in recent months been gracious in their assessment of the review board to
deflect federal prosecutors in Brooklyn who have been investigating whether the
police department has failed to aggressively punish officers implicated in
brutality cases.

The Police Department did not respond yesterday to a request for data to rebut
the report. But Frank Wohl, the board's chairman, said the 1998 figures used in
the report showed that 75 of 102 cases closed by police officials that year
ended in an officer's being disciplined, a vast improvement over previous years.
In 1996, only 110 out of 332 cases ended in discipline.

The report did acknowledge that there had been an increase in discipline this
year, with the department's meting out punishment in 136 of 247 substantiated
cases, a 55 percent rate. But Mr. Siegel said that as of Nov. 1, the police had
failed to act on 707 substantiated cases, some of them involving complaints
filed years ago.

"You can't have a system that takes four to five years to find out what happened
to a complaint," he said.




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                January 6, 2003

ABA asks SEC to delay on conduct standards for lawyers

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 298  words


The American Bar Association has asked the Securities and Exchange Commission to
delay passing controversial rules regulating the professional conduct of
attorneys who practice before the commission.

Under the new corporate accountability law, the SEC is required to adopt rules
requiring lawyers that practice before it to report any misconduct to their
company's management. If management doesn't take "remedial action," lawyers are
required to report the misconduct directly to the company's board of directors.

The misconduct covered by the law includes material violations of securities
laws, as well as corporate breaches of fiduciary duty or other "similar"
violations.

In an extensive comment letter, the ABA raised concerns that the rules relating
to reporting violations are too broad and need to be more specific about the
circumstances under which reporting is required to allow lawyers and other
affected parties to comply effectively. As a result, the ABA requested that the
SEC delay the so-called "noisy withdrawal" provisions.

The ABA also voiced concerns that the rules could conflict with state ethics
requirements.

Alfred P. Carlton of Raleigh, N.C., the new ABA president, said the new rules
could have an impact on small-firm attorneys even if they don't specialize in
corporate securities work.

"A small boutique tax firm or environmental law firm that was hired by a
publicly held corporation to handle a matter that had financial materiality to
it and that had to participate in filing information with the commission could
find themselves subject to the jurisdiction of the rule," said Carlton.

Carlton also noted that "general business firms" could be impacted.

The ABA issued its comments on Dec. 18, 2002.

The deadline for the SEC to issue its final rules is Jan. 26, 2003.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Suit Accuses Coach of Sexual Abuse and USA Swimming of Negligence

BYLINE: By KAREN CROUSE

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 802 words


A 21-year-old former competitive swimmer filed a civil suit Monday in
Independence, Mo., against USA Swimming and her swim club, claiming they were
negligent in protecting her and others from sexual abuse by a coach. Despite her
complaints about his conduct, the suit said, the coach was able to move to a
club in a different state.

According to the complaint, filed in Jackson County, Mo., Circuit Court, USA
Swimming's executive director, Chuck Wielgus, was told of the alleged abuse and
took no action, even though coaches in the organization are held to a ''code of
conduct'' that  prohibits any sexual contact between coaches and their athletes.

Over the past 10 years, USA Swimming says it has had 36,402 affiliated coaches
and expelled 36 for life for sexual misconduct. The so-called black list of
barred coaches is not publicly available, but local swimming committee officials
in charge of registering new coaches do have access to the list, said Jamie
Fabos Olsen, a USA Swimming official.

Before the filing, Wielgus said in a telephone interview that USA Swimming was a
defendant in two other continuing lawsuits involving sexual misconduct.

The swimmer, who is from Kansas and was identified in the filing by her
initials, L.A.S., is suing her former Kansas City Dolphins team coach, Rob
Mirande, for inappropriate sexual conduct that she said began in the summer of
2006 and continued through the winter of 2007.

The suit claims Mirande, 43, took deliberate actions to befriend the swimmer and
establish an emotional connection with her away from the pool through telephone
conversations and text messages of a sexual nature. The suit describes the
behavior as ''sexual grooming.''

According to the suit, Mirande urged the swimmer to meet him at his  residence
alone,  provided her with alcohol and engaged in inappropriate sexual contact
after her 18th birthday, and said his sexual misconduct continued when she left
the state for college in the fall of 2007.

After she left, the suit contends that Mirande began to similarly groom another
swimmer, who was a year younger.

In an e-mail message Monday, Mirande wrote, ''I vigorously deny any sexual
relations with the young woman.''

Also named as a defendant is Aaron Dean, a former Dolphins general manager and
head coach who was Mirande's supervisor. The suit claims that during the spring
of 2008, the swimmer told Dean in detail about Mirande's inappropriate sexual
contact with her.

Mirande and Dean  left the team that year, within six months of each other. Dean
relocated to Occoquan Swimming in Virginia, where, in July 2009, according to
the suit, he rehired Mirande to coach there.

''At this time, I have no comment,'' Dean said in response to an e-mail message
for comment. ''I look forward to the court system working this out rather than
through the media.''

The suit contends that the plaintiff's mother contacted Wielgus in the fall of
2008 and described in detail the sexual misconduct by Mirande in several phone
conversations that she followed with e-mail messages. According to the suit,
Wielgus said he could not or would not investigate the incident unless a
complaint was filed by the alleged victim or a member coach.

Asked before Monday's lawsuit was filed if USA Swimming had received an official
complaint about Mirande, Wielgus said, ''The easy answer is no.''  He added that
the plaintiff's mother sent him a series of e-mail messages about the alleged
sexual misconduct.

''We didn't recognize that as an official complaint,'' he said. ''And yet we
initiated an investigation anyway. That's the important point here.''

Olsen  said Monday that the organization began investigating the complaint made
by the plaintiff's mother in February.

USA Swimming responded to the lawsuit by releasing a statement Monday: ''We have
been investigating this matter for the last three months. Unfortunately, we have
been unable to obtain critical information from the individual bringing forward
the complaint, although other individuals with whom our investigator has spoken
have been quite helpful. Because we take allegations of coach misconduct very
seriously, we have notified local law-enforcement authorities.''

According to the suit, since 2004 the organization's code of conduct has
included a provision prohibiting sexual contact or advances directed toward an
athlete by a coach, official, trainer or other person who, in the context of
swimming, is in a position of authority over that athlete.

Those found in violation of the code can be denied membership, censured, placed
on probation, fined or expelled from the organization, but the suit contends
that the policy has never been truly enacted or enforced and has not resulted in
zero tolerance for sexual abuse and harassment in the sport.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             August 18, 2006 Friday

Police get good reviews

BYLINE: By Judy Wang Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 668 words


PASADENA - The majority of city residents are satisfied with the Pasadena Police
Department's conduct, though most minority groups still believe officers engage
in racial profiling and abuse of authority, a new study has found.

The findings indicate overwhelming satisfaction between police officers and the
community over communication between the two groups and each other's behavior.
But the report revealed a discrepancy between how white residents and their
minority counterparts rate the department.

The study, spearheaded by the Los Angeles-based Police Assessment Resource
Center (PARC) and the Vera Institute of Justice, surveyed 171 members of the
Pasadena Police Department and 1,500 Pasadena residents in April and June,
respectively.

Pasadena police Chief Bernard Melekian said he was pleased with the report's
generally positive assessment of the department as compared to other police
forces across the nation.

"We are more involved with community outreach than any other department in the
country," he said.

The study also found the vast majority of Pasadena police officers are happy
with their work, generally optimistic about their relationship with the public
and very interested in understanding and addressing community concerns in
day-to-day policing.

The department was rated higher by its officers and the community than
departments in cities such as Chicago, Cincinnati, New York, Seattle and
Washington, D.C.

The survey results also reveal the majority of Pasadena residents believe police
officers are effective in preventing crime, responding to calls for assistance
and treating residents in a fair and courteous manner.

But the degree of public satisfaction changed significantly when filtered
through race and ethnicity.

While about half of all white Pasadena residents reported feeling very satisfied
with police responsiveness to their problems, only 27 percent of African
Americans, 26 percent of Asians and 30 percent of Latinos felt the same way.

The results show that racial and ethnic minorities were significantly more
likely to perceive police misconduct such as racial profiling and abuse of
authority as a problem.

African Americans generally held the most negative opinions. More than half of
those surveyed reported concern over police misconduct, compared with about a
quarter of whites questioned. Latinos and Asians also considered police
misconduct more of a problem than did whites.

Melekian wasn't surprised by the findings, and said the concerns of minority
residents are accurately reflected in the report.

"The greatest challenge in American policing is the issue of race," he said.

But Melekian also said his department has undergone dramatic changes over the
last two decades in efforts to reach out to minority groups - but that they may
not be fully appreciated.

"I don't think 300 years of one type of behavior is going to be overturned by
one generation," he said.

Community leaders agreed that easing tension between minorities and police has
been a difficult and drawn-out struggle.

"The response that poor minority communities get from the Police Department is
not satisfactory," said Randy Ertll, executive director of El Centro de Acci n
Social. "This definitely needs improvement."

Ertll said communication between minorities and law enforcement could be
improved if the department continued hiring more minority officers as a way to
break down the barriers of language and culture.

Maurice Morse, a retired Pasadena Unified School District official and teacher
and current NAACP member, said she believes the Pasadena PD responds differently
to African-American residents than it does to whites.

"They don't always give too much respect to the black community," she said. "I
pass them in my car and I don't see them pull over as many white citizens as
they do black and Hispanic citizens."

But Morse did say conditions are far better than they were 20 years ago, adding
that the department has made progress toward improving relations among minority
communities.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Click for larger image.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Swim coach previously accused of sexual abuse suspended by Manassas club

BYLINE: Amy Shipley

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 685 words


A local swimming coach was suspended indefinitely by his club team in Manassas
on Tuesday, a day after he was accused in a civil lawsuit filed in Missouri of
sexually abusing a high school senior when he coached there in 2006-07.

Occoquan Swimming's board president Brad Hughes wrote in an e-mail to parents
that Robert Mirande, who had been coaching the club's elite high school swimmers
since last summer, would not participate in any coaching activities "pending
conclusion of ongoing investigations."

Hughes further noted that no allegations of misconduct had been raised against
Mirande since he relocated to Manassas but that "the safety and welfare of our
children is forever our highest priority."

"The news today is troubling and unexpected," Hughes said in the e-mail. "We
humbly ask for your cooperation to let the investigation continue, to let the
facts come out, and for the most accurate conclusions to be drawn."

According to allegations contained in a lawsuit filed Monday in circuit court in
Independence, Mo., Mirande engaged in sexual misconduct toward a female swimmer
beginning in 2006 when she was under 18 and training daily with the Kansas City
[Mo.] Dolphins swim club.

The lawsuit also charged Occoquan Swimming coach and general manager Aaron Dean
-- who then worked with Mirande at the Missouri swim club -- with failing to
protect the female swimmer from the inappropriate conduct. USA Swimming, the
Missouri swim club and Missouri Valley Swimming were also named as defendants in
the suit.

Hughes said in his e-mail that Dean would not be suspended because he "has no
misconduct allegations."

"They have taken what we would consider to be necessary actions," said Greg
York, the board chairman of Potomac Valley Swimming, the USA Swimming-sanctioned
governing body for swimming for the Greater Washington region.

Dean joined the Occoquan Swimming staff in 2008; Mirande was hired "to work
cooperatively with Aaron Dean" July 19, 2009, according to the Occoquan Swimming
Web site. The Web site says Mirande has coached more than 20 Olympic trials
qualifiers in more than 20 years as a head coach.

PVS Executive Director John Ertter said Dean and Mirande would be barred from
participating on any PVS committees or holding any office pending the resolution
of the lawsuit and an investigation into the allegations against Mirande by USA
Swimming.

Mirande and Dean did not return e-mails and calls seeking comment. Hughes also
did not return e-mails and calls. The club declined to comment in an e-mail.

In the lawsuit, Mirande is alleged to have provided the plaintiff with alcohol,
made sexual advances and engaged in inappropriate sexual contact with her from
late in her senior year of high school through the fall of her freshman year of
college. The lawsuit alleges that the plaintiff's parents filed a formal
complaint with Dean, who informed them that Mirande had been fired in April of
2008 and was out of state looking for another job.

The plaintiff, identified in the lawsuit by the initials L.A.S., dropped out of
college and has been undergoing twice-weekly therapy, according to her attorney
Lynn R. Johnson.

The family had been told Mirande "would not be coaching again, and lo and
behold, Aaron Dean hired him for that swim club," Johnson said.

Since 2006, USA Swimming has done background checks on all coaching candidates
that screen for charges involving sexual misconduct or illegal drug use, among
other things. USA Swimming turned allegations raised against Mirande over to an
outside investigator in February, according to USA Swimming spokesperson Jamie
Fabos Olsen.

Mirande could be barred from coaching by USA Swimming pending the outcome of
that investigation.

"We do not require criminal charges to take action," Fabos Olsen said.

In related news, the PVS board of directors voted Tuesday for an immediate ban
on cameras or recording devices in locker rooms and behind the starting blocks
to thwart possible opportunities for sexual abuse or misconduct, while making
plans to put on a sexual harassment workshop that would be mandatory for member
clubs to attend, Ertter said.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 28, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TEXAS SENATOR FACES CHARGES; GRAND JURY ACCUSES HUTCHISON OF MISCONDUCT IN
TREASURER POST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1027 words

DATELINE: AUSTIN, TEXAS


Just 16 weeks after her election to the U.S. Senate, Kay Bailey Hutchison was
indicted Monday on felony charges of misconduct during her 2 1/2 years as state
treasurer.

Hutchison, a Republican, was accused, along with two aides, of using her
treasurer's office for personal and political benefit and of destroying records
as part of a cover-up. She denied any wrongdoing and called the charges the
product of a politically motivated investigation by Travis County District
Attorney Ronald Earle, a Democrat.

"I will win in the end," Hutchison said. "I think the citizens of Texas see
through this. . . . They see that this is sleazy politics."

Hutchison became the second U.S. senator now under indictment. Sen. Dave
Durenberger, R-Minn., faces federal trial in January on charges he illegally
claimed reimbursement from the Senate for a condominium in Minneapolis that he
secretly owned. He announced less than two weeks ago that he would not seek
election to a fourth term next year.

Hutchison is the 10th sitting U.S. senator ever indicted. She is allowed to
remain in the Senate while she fights the charges.

Hutchison, 50, defeated appointed Democratic Sen. Bob Krueger in a special
election June 5 for U.S. Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen's former seat.  The
victory made her Texas' first woman senator.

Days later, a grand jury began looking into misconduct allegations.

The five-count indictment accuses Hutchison of using state employees,
facilities, equipment and supplies for "her personal benefit" and of destroying
computer records from the treasury when she was state treasurer from 1991 until
this year.

Two former state employees, including a daughter of the late Texas Gov.  John
Connally, testified before the grand jury and have said publicly that they were
required to do personal and political chores for Hutchison.

Also indicted were Michael Barron, former deputy state treasurer, and David
Criss, the agency's planning director. Barron was charged with official
misconduct, tampering with governmental records and tampering with physical
evidence. Criss was charged with official misconduct.

Karen Hughes, executive director for the Republican Party in Texas, called the
charges politically motivated.

"I am sickened, but frankly not surprised, that a grand jury made up of Democrat
primary voters is trying to win through the judicial process what they were
unable to win in the last election," Hughes said. "This is a new low for
partisan double standards in state government."

In a statement he read in court, the grand jury's foreman, Saadi Ferris, said
that "the grand jury has deliberated on each and every occasion with
independence of politics and political persuasion." Ferris is a Republican
former candidate for sheriff in Travis County.

Earle's office raided the treasury June 10 and issued more than a dozen
subpoenas for current and former agency workers. More than 30 former treasury
aides and Hutchison campaign operatives went before the grand jury. Earle said
the investigation began when he received information that crucial evidence was
being destroyed at the treasury.

Hutchison has said that because she would be at the top of the state's
Republican ticket in 1994, Democrats were stooping to the lowest level to keep
her from leading a strong GOP showing next fall.

Earle said Hutchison's claim that his office was leading a partisan attack was a
standard rebuttal from a public official under investigation.

"Every one of them says it's political, whether they are Democrats or
Republicans," he said.

At a news conference in Washington, Hutchison said she would seek a quick trial
on the charges. Candidates for the March primary will file in December and early
January.

If convicted, she could be sentenced to 60 years in prison and fined $ 40,000. A
court hearing was scheduled for Oct. 11.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo By AP - Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, with her
husband, Ray, answering questions Monday in Washington. She was indicted Monday
on charges of misconduct as Texas state treasurer. (2) Photo headshot of Michael
Barron, Former deputy indicted

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            August 18, 2007 Saturday

Former coach pleads guilty to misconduct

BYLINE: CHRIS WETTERICH STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 344 words


Oscar Lambdin, former soccer coach at Lincoln Land Community College and Sacred
Heart-Griffin High School, pleaded guilty Friday to official misconduct stemming
from allegations that he fondled a female inmate while working at the Decatur
Correctional Center.

In a plea deal, Lambdin, who was originally charged with two counts of custodial
sexual misconduct and one count of official misconduct, pleaded guilty to a
single count of official misconduct. The other charges were dropped, according
to Macon County State's Attorney Jack Ahola.

Lambdin was sentenced to two years' probation and urged to find a job or
continue his education.

One of Lambdin's attorneys, Pete Cavanaugh, emphasized that his client did not
plead guilty to doing anything sexually inappropriate.

The only thing Lambdin is guilty of is "socializing with an inmate, which is in
violation of administrative code," Cavanaugh said.

He said Lambdin was prepared to go to trial to prove his innocence when the
state offered the plea agreement. To spare his family further publicity, Lambdin
took the deal, Cavanaugh said.

Lambdin was placed on administrative leave with pay in September 2005 and
suspended in March 2006. He resigned Thursday, according to state Department of
Corrections spokesman Derek Schnapp. Lambdin's contract as Lincoln Land's soccer
coach was not renewed in 2006.

Lambdin had worked at the state prison as a recreation specialist since 1999.
His ending salary was $62,436. Lambdin's responsibilities included overseeing
special events, gym time and yard activities such as volleyball and basketball.

Lambdin coached at Lincoln Land for seven years and at SHG for six years,
directing Sacred Heart-Griffin's boys and girls soccer teams to 100 wins each.

Lambdin is the third-leading scorer in the history of Sangamon State
University/University of Illinois at Springfield, with 55 goals. He was a
three-year starter and three-year captain of the soccer team when the school was
known as SSU.

Cavanaugh said Lambdin plans to find another job but did not know in what field.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 June 10, 2002

U.S. Supreme Court To Decide If $145 Million Punitive Award Is Excessive

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 223  words


If compensatory damages are only $1 million, is a $145 million punitive award
excessive?

The U.S. Supreme Court has agreed to answer this question.

The court will review the Utah Supreme Court's decision to reinstate a
$145-million award in an insurance bad faith case. The decision to reinstate the
punitive award was based primarily on evidence of widespread misconduct by the
insurer, State Farm. Evidence in the case indicated that State Farm's
mishandling of the plaintiff's claim stemmed from a company-wide policy of
pressuring adjusters to underpay claims.

The Utah Supreme Court also considered:

the size of State Farm;

the profits State Farm could expect to gain from its misconduct;

the number of people in Utah affected by the misconduct;

the likelihood that State Farm would continue the misconduct if not punished;

the fact that, for fraud, State Farm could be fined $10,000 per act and could be
forced to renounce its business license, disgorge all illicit profits, and pay a
fine of twice the value of those profits; and

the fact that State Farm officers could be imprisoned for fraud for up to five
years.

A decision from the U.S. Supreme Court is expected next term.

U.S. Supreme Court. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. v. Campbell,
No.01-1289. Certiorari granted June 3, 2002. Ruling below: 432 Utah Adv. Rep. 44
(2001.)

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Property and Casualty 360

                                 March 10, 2009

Peerless Sets Seminars On School Sex Misconduct Policy

BYLINE: STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS No. 3

LENGTH: 247  words


Peerless Insurance said it will hold five free seminars across New Hampshire and
Vermont in April designed to assist school officials in developing a policy to
deal with sexual misconduct.

Peerless, a Liberty Mutual Agency Markets regional company that provides various
coverages to 300 school districts and private schools in northern New England,
said the seminars are intended for superintendents, principals, resource
officers and school risk managers, but are open to all school officials.

The seminars will include discussions on educator sexual misconduct, abuser and
victim profiles, as well as information about developing, implementing and
communicating a "meaningful sexual harassment policy."

Steve Deig, loss prevention manager, Liberty Mutual Agency Markets, said,
"Schools have a responsibility to know who they hire, remove opportunities for
harassment and recognize indicators of abuse. There is much that can be done to
improve safety, security and reporting. It starts with an attentive,
well-trained staff, and implementing and enforcing strong policies and
practices."

The seminars will be held:

· April 7 at Doubletree Hotel - Burlington, Vt.

· April 8, Holiday Inn Express - Brattleboro, Vt.

· April 8, Highlander Inn - Manchester, N.H.

· April 9, The Margate on Winnipesaukee - Laconia, N.H.

· April 9, Holiday Inn - Portsmouth, N.H.

Registration is available by telephoning Patricia Marcus at 800-542-5385, ext.
84395 or e-mailing her at patricia.marcus@peerless-ins.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Diocese: Sexual misconduct alleged against the Rev. Martin Boylan, who served
locally

BYLINE: Travis Kellar, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 525 words


April 04--SCRANTON -- The Diocese of Scranton issued a statement on Sunday
regarding an allegation of sexual misconduct that was made last week against a
priest serving in the diocese.

According to a prepared statement, Diocesan officials received an allegation of
sexual misconduct on Friday involving a minor against the Rev. Martin M. Boylan.
The allegation is reported to have occurred when the accuser, now an adult, was
a minor.

It was not made immediately clear as to when the alleged abuse happened.

In response to the allegation, the diocese immediately notified the District
Attorney's Office for Wayne County, which is where the alleged abuse is reported
to have happened. The alleged incident was also reported to authorities via the
Pennsylvania ChildLine.

As a result of the accusation, Boylan was removed from ministry and his
faculties to exercise priestly ministries have been suspended pending an
investigation of the accusation, the diocese said.

Diocese officials said in the statement that the diocese will cooperate fully
with all civil authorities in their investigation of this matter.

"The Diocese of Scranton is committed to protecting children and to providing
support to victims of sexual abuse," the news release stated. "In acknowledging
the pain suffered by survivors of abuse, the Most Reverend Joseph C. Bambera,
Bishop of Scranton, requests the faithful of the Diocese to join him in praying
for the healing of all who have been harmed by abuse, for the countless lives
affected by such actions, and for the many priests of the Diocese of Scranton
who have been faithful to their vocation and the people they serve."

Ordained in 1980, Boylan was serving as pastor of St. Patrick's Parish in
Scranton and Episcopal Vicar for the Northern Pastoral Region of the Diocese of
Scranton at the time of the accusation. Boylan's profile on the Diocese of
Scranton's website indicates that he attended the University of Scranton and had
brief tenures in education and social work.

Boylan has a lengthy list of prior assignments throughout Northeastern
Pennsylvania. Some include:

-- He served as assistant pastor at St. Jude Parish, Mountain Top; St. Gabriel
Parish (now Annunciation Parish), Hazleton; St. Patrick Parish, Scranton; St.
Peter's Cathedral Parish, Scranton; and St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception
Parish (now Our Lady of Fatima Parish), Wilkes-Barre.

-- He served as chaplain at Bishop Hannan High School, Scranton; and Marywood
College (University), Scranton.

-- He was in residence at St. Clare Parish, Scranton; and St. Luke Parish,
Stroudsburg.

-- He was administrator at Blessed Sacrament Parish, Wilkes-Barre; and St. Rita
Parish, Gouldsboro.

-- He served as pastor at St. Rita Parish, Gouldsboro; St. John the Evangelist
Parish, Honesdale; St. Joseph Parish, White Mills; Ss. Peter and Paul Parish,
Towanda; St. Michael Parish, Canton; St. John Nepomucene Parish, Troy; and St.
Aloysius Parish, Ralston.

Reach Travis Kellar at 570-991-6389 or on Twitter @TLNews.

___ (c)2016 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160404-WB-Diocese-Sexual-misconduct
-alleged-against-the-Rev-Martin-Boylan-who-served-locally-0404-20160404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2016 The Times Leader


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

AD weighs allegations against Cicero town supervisor

BYLINE: Denise M. Champagne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 834  words


Allegations of official misconduct against a town supervisor in Onondaga County
are before the Appellate Division on a petition by the father of a fellow board
member.

Paul Becallo, father of Cicero Town Board member Mike Becallo, has filed a
petition to remove Town Supervisor Jessica Zambrano from office, alleging a
pattern of misconduct in connection with her relationship to a principal in the
engineering firm hired by the town.

"There is no evidence of any misconduct, let alone the type of misconduct that
would warrant removal under Public Officer's Law Section 36," Syracuse attorney
Lisa DiPoala Haber told the five-justice panel Wednesday. She represents
Zambrano.

Section 36 allows any citizen who is a resident of the subject municipality to
petition the Appellate Division to have a public officer removed from office
"for any misconduct, maladministration, malfeasance or malversation in office. "

"We need pretty strong evidence to remove an elected public official," said
Presiding Justice Henry J. Scudder. "You say there's almost nothing?"

"There is nothing," Haber said.

Becallo, who submitted his arguments and was not present, alleges, among other
things, a conflict of interest in that Zambrano was involved in a relationship
with Douglas Wickman, a principal in C&S Companies, the town's engineering firm.
He claims she voted to hire C&S and signed contracts with the firm in violation
of local and state laws.

The Town Board voted last October to terminate its contract with C&S Companies.

Zambrano, who is now married to Wickman, maintains they were not in a
relationship in 2010 when the vote and contract signing took place. Wickman has
since retired.

Haber told the court Zambrano consulted with an attorney about the accusations
and was told she had done nothing wrong.

Justice Gerald J. Whalen said asked if it would not be important to further
consult with counsel after there was a change in circumstances; after the
relationship became closer and Zambrano and Wickman got married?

Haber said Zambrano consulted with counsel in 2012 when the romantic
relationship began. She said by 2013, the relationship was known throughout the
town and she wrote a letter to the district attorney on Zambrano's behalf, in
response to a filed complaint, indicating there was no conflict of interest.

Haber said the issue was raised again at a town board meeting in April 2014 by a
resident that Zambrano and Wickman were living together, calling it a conflict
of interest.

According to Town Board minutes, from April 9, 2014, Robert George filed an
ethics complaint against Zambrano, calling for her immediate resignation. He
said Zambrano voted to select C&S and personally signed contracts submitted to
the town by Wickman for services by C&S Companies.

Town Attorney Neil Germain noted at the time that the town had opined a conflict
of interest did not exist and that nothing George raised changed that opinion.

At its next meeting, April 23, 2014, the board voted to order an ethics
investigation regarding the conflict-of-interest allegations and others matters,
not all related to Zambrano.

In its opinion, issued in December, the ethics board found Zambrano's
relationship with Wickman was a conflict of interest, but had no authority to
act on its findings. The Town Board voted to send the report to the state
attorney general and comptroller. Zambrano wanted to include her response to the
report, which she said contained errors, but the board voted against that.

Becallo brought his petition in February.

"It's a politically motivated petition in our view," Haber said outside the
courtroom. "It's a history of politics in the town of Cicero and disgruntled
Republicans who do not like Ms. Zambrano in particular because of her party
affiliation. "

Zambrano was elected to a four-year term on the Town Board in 2009 and a
two-year term as supervisor in 2013. She was a Democrat when she originally ran
and later switched to the Republican Party, receiving its endorsement for her
2013 run. She is not seeking re-election so even if the court decides in her
favor, she will leave office at the end of the year.

Haber said some Republicans took issue with Zambrano changing parties prior to
running for supervisor.

"They don't like the fact that she became a Republican and has Republican
support so there's in-fighting in the party itself," Haber said.

Wickman, who also was in court, said there was no indication of any kind of a
problem until after Zambrano was elected supervisor.

Zambrano said she is retiring; that she has had enough of politics.

The Appellate Division panel also consisted of Justices Joseph D. Valentino,
Erin M. Peradotto and Edward D. Carni.

A decision could be issued as early as next month.

--denise.champagne@nydailyrecord.com

Follow me on Twitter https://twitter.com/DmC_nydr and check out more great
stories at www.nydailyrecord.com

http://www.nydailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 20, 1991, Monday

NATION IN BRIEF; Shuttle countdown proceeds for medical research mission

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 05

LENGTH: 716 words


NASA counted down Sunday toward the first space shuttle mission devoted
exclusively to biomedical research, Columbia's long voyage with seven
astronauts, 30 rats and 2,478 jellyfish. "We're all ready to go. Light 'em!"
astronaut Tamara Jernigan said shortly after arriving at Kennedy Space Center
with the rest of the crew. "We hope you'll all have your fingers crossed for
clear skies and smooth sailing on Wednesday morning," said Dr. Margaret Rhea
Seddon, one of three physicians who will conduct tests on one anther as Columbia
circles the world.

MAN ALLEGEDLY KILLS 5 FAMILY MEMBERS: A man in York, Pa., beat his mother-in-law
and wife and three young children to death with a hammer, then stabbed and
seriously injured himself with a knife, authorities said Sunday. A 5-month-old
girl in the house was spared. The man, Paul E. Gamboa-Taylor, 30, underwent
surgery and was reported in serious condition Sunday at York Hospital. Police
were notified when an inaudible telephone call was placed to the 911 emergency
number Saturday evening and the operator traced the call.

PATRICK KENNEDY GRADUATES WITH HONORS: Rhode Island legislator Patrick Kennedy
graduated with honors Sunday from Providence College. His parents, Sen. Edward
Kennedy (D-Mass.) and his former wife, Joan Kennedy, were among the spectators
as 1,100 diplomas were handed out. Mr. Kennedy, 23, graduated magna cum laude
with a bachelor of arts degree.

DARMAN SEES UPTURN: The economy is "about to be headed up," but it's impossible
to predict how strong the recovery will be or how long it will last, budget
director Richard Darman said Sunday. "I am quite confident," Mr. Darman said.
"We are exactly on course with our own forecasts. We said it would be turning in
this quarter. It is turning in this quarter." In an interview on NBC's "Meet the
Press," Mr. Darman said, "I don't think you can reliably say at this point
whether it is going to be strong or weak or how long the recovery will be."

HOLLYWOOD HONORS GULF WAR TROOPS: With warplanes roaring across a blue sky,
tanks rolling down Sunset Boulevard and anti-war activists providing a staunch
protest, Los Angeles on Sunday hosted a homecoming parade for returning Persian
Gulf troops with the showy, flag-waving flair that only Hollywood could provide.
More than a million people lined the 3.2-mile Hollywood parade route,
enthusiastically cheering more than 5,000 troops. Many warriors still exhibited
stone-faced discipline while celebrities such as Bob Hope and Roseanne Barr
played to the crowd.

POLICE MISCONDUCT COSTLY: The city of Los Angeles has lost judgments totaling
more than $ 13.8 million so far this year in police misconduct cases, surpassing
the record $ 9.5 million it was ordered to pay in all of 1990. For the fiscal
year ending June 30, the city has used up a $ 17 million fund to settle lawsuits
and will have to pay new awards from a reserve fund, said Jeff Druyun, assistant
chief legislative analyst. Claims alleging Police Department misconduct rose
from an average of nine per week in March and April 1990 to 13 a week following
the videotaped March 3 police beating of black motorist Rodney G. King.

LIFE IMITATES ART: Suspected gang members fired on a crew filming a movie in Los
Angeles about street gangs, wounding a caterer. Workers were taking down a set
used in the Hispanic gang film "Blood In - Blood Out" Saturday when at least
five shots were fired from a passing car. The caterer, 27, was wounded in the
shoulder and was in serious condition at County-USC Medical Center.

3 KILLED IN CRIME SPREE: A former mental patient stabbed three people to death
and set one victim's house afire in Porterville, Calif., early Sunday before he
was shot and killed by deputies when he lunged at them with a knife, officials
said. A fourth victim was in critical condition at a hospital, said Tulare
County Sheriff's Lt. David Williams. Syphevaug Souvannasinh, 45, of Porterville
began the spree in a quiet neighborhood shortly after midnight, authorities
said.; SAY IT AGAIN

"We have really enjoyed our time in Indiana and we are really happy living
here." - Cindy Huggett of Kokomo after naming her baby girl Indy Anna Huggett.

Compiled from wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Columbia's crew members hug their spouses goodbye Sunday as the
countdown continues toward liftoff from Kennedy Space Center on Wednesday. / The
Associated Press

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

California: Will Apple's New Patent Push Delete on Ability to Record Police?

LENGTH: 513  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: American Civil Liberty Union , The state of California has issued
the following news release:



   Imagine: You pull out your phone to record police misconduct--suddenly, your
camera just doesn't work. Turns out, your phone's camera has been disabled by an
infrared emitter. Apple's newly patented technology may make this possible. The
technology places an infrared sensor in your phone that has the potential to be
disabled remotely. While the technology is being promoted as a tool to prevent
the filming of copyrighted material, we think it has the potential to undermine
efforts to hold law enforcement accountable.





 Smart phones have played an important role in raising awareness of police
misconduct, especially when it comes to the disproportionate treatment that
people of color and LGBT individuals face by law enforcement. It was a smart
phone video, after all, that revealed that a police officer lied when filing his
report after fatally shooting Walter Scott in South Carolina. Such videos have
also played a role in the investigations of other instances of criminal
misconduct, including the death of Eric Garner and the fatal shooting of Mario
Woods by SFPD. Smart phones captured police officers pepper spraying peaceful
protestors at UC Davis.  The list goes on. It's not just smart phones either:
Police departments everywhere have either considered or implemented the use of
body cameras to keep both law enforcement and citizens accountable for their
actions. In short, video evidence is proving to be an invaluable tool for
keeping law enforcement in check--that's why we need more of it, not less.



 Here in California, technology is playing an important role in efforts to hold
police accountable. Last year, the ACLU of California launched a mobile
application that streamlines the process for recording law enforcement and
reporting misconduct directly to the ACLU. Moreover, efforts made by lawmakers
this year sought to make internal police records--including videos--subject to
public disclosure. Though these efforts have not moved as quickly as many would
like, they represent a step in the right direction. The possibility that
infrared emitters can be used by law enforcement, however, is a step in the
wrong direction.



 Concerns have already been raised regarding the potential for this infrared
technology to censor dissidents during political protest. The problem is also a
local issue. If law enforcement gets a hold of this technology, it could be used
to prevent individuals from recording traffic stops, arrests, and other
interactions between law enforcement and the public. Depending on if and how
Apple's new patent becomes a technological reality, that's a very real
possibility.



 With law enforcement's recent focus on circumventing user protections in Apple
products, it would be prudent for Apple and any other companies to strongly
consider the civil rights impact before moving forward with this technology.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

'Serious misconduct' transfers face ban

BYLINE: Seth Emerson; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 532 words


DESTIN, FLA. ? In an acknowledgement of the national climate toward domestic
violence, and in reaction to a specific situation this year, the SEC made a
major move Friday.

The conference adopted a Georgia proposal to ban transfers of players who have
been dismissed by their former school for "serious misconduct."

Such misconduct is outlined as sexual assault, domestic violence or other forms
of sexual violence. It does not specify felonies or misdemeanors.

But the "trigger point" for the rule, according to incoming commissioner Greg
San-key, is if the player had (according to the new bylaw) "been subject to
official university or athletics department disciplinary action at any time" at
his previous school.

The passage of the rule was somewhat of a surprise, as many around the SEC
expressed reservations. But Sankey indicated the final vote wasn't close.

"The sentiment was very clear. There wasn't a lot of debate at the end," Sankey
said.

Georgia's proposal was sparked by the situation revolving around Jonathan
Taylor, a defensive lineman who was dismissed by Georgia after a
domestic-violence charge. He transferred to Alabama, despite the charges in
Athens still being pending, then was dismissed by Alabama after another
domestic-violence charge.

"Somebody had to propose the legislation," Georgia Athletic Director Greg
McGarity said. "And we were the one that led the effort but there's no question
that regardless of who brought it up, that we would have been in the same
position that we are today."

The new rule could have applied to quarterback Zach Mettenberger, who Georgia
dismissed in 2010 after a misdemeanor charge stemming from an incident when he
was charged with groping a woman at a bar. Mettenberger transferred to a junior
college, then to LSU, and is now with the Tennessee Titans.

The passage of the rule also came after a series of infamous national incidents
in sports, including the Ray Rice scandal.

"I think it's an understanding of the current climate," Sankey said.

Sankey said there is a waiver process to guard against special cases, such as
when charges are dropped after the player has been dismissed by his previous
school. The waiver would have to be granted by the commissioner's office.

"If there was other information there at some point, it would obviously be
considered," Sankey said.

Basketball scheduling: Georgia will play Auburn, Florida and South Carolina
twice each season ? once at home and once on the road ? under a new SEC men's
basketball scheduling format.

The scheduling model calls for each SEC team to play three "permanent" rivals
twice, play the remaining 10 league teams at least once, and then have two
remaining league games scheduled on a rotating basis. Conference schedules will
remain a total of 18 games.

The format will take effect with the 2015-16 schedule, which will be announced
in August.

"I'm excited about each of our permanent SEC opponents," Georgia coach Mark Fox
said. "We are assured of having some of our traditional rivals come to Stegeman
Coliseum every year. I think our fans will be excited about knowing that we'll
face those three teams in Athens each season."

Staff writer Tim Tucker contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            September 6, 2010 Monday

Federal judge in Baltimore fines law firm $20K for discovery abuse

BYLINE: Brendan Kearney

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 612  words


A federal judge in Baltimore has fined an employment law firm and its
military-engineer client $20,000 for working outside the discovery process to
obtain sensitive documents in litigation against the engineer's former employer
and asserting privilege with regard to related e-mails in bad faith.

U.S. District Judge J. Frederick Motz came down on The Employment Law Group and
its client, Dennis P. Glynn, for accepting internal company documents from a
friend of Glynn who still worked at the defendant defense contractor. The judge
also faulted the plaintiff and his lawyers for claiming common interest
privilege for "a handful" of e-mails between Glynn and the friend that did not
relate to their ongoing legal battle against the successor defendant companies,
which McLean, Va.-based ITT Corp. acquired in 2007.

In his Aug. 20 opinion, Motz wrote, "there is no doubt Glynn and TELG engaged in
serious misconduct in this litigation. "

"Whether this misconduct should be considered a violation of court-ordered
discovery sanctionable under Rule 37, or a form of bad faith litigation
misconduct sanctionable under my inherent powers to manage litigation, or both,
it cannot be tolerated," Motz said.

"Although the prejudice suffered by [the defendants] may have been slight,
surreptitiously acquiring documents from an opposing party and asserting
privilege in bad faith indisputably undermines the efficacy of the discovery
process and this Court's ability to resolve litigation in a fair and orderly
manner," the judge continued. "Without some mutual trust that the parties will
act in good faith, the discovery process would become unmanageable. "

The defendant companies - Impact Science & Technology Inc. and EDO Corp., which
acquired IST a year before ITT Corp. acquired EDO - had pressed for dismissal of
the case or a default judgment, but Motz rejected that idea based on a
comparison between Glynn's and TELG's conduct and worse behavior in the case
law. Glynn's attorneys defended their actions and argued unsuccessfully that the
defense team itself had "unclean hands. "

William M. Sullivan Jr., the Winston & Strawn LLP partner who represents the
defendant companies, declined to comment on the rare monetary sanction, saying
"the ruling speaks for itself. " Attorneys at The Employment Law Group, based in
Washington, D.C., did not return calls last week.

Glynn, an Air Force veteran and electrical engineer, claimed he was fired from
his senior position in December 2006 after he alerted the Department of Defense
that hundreds of the anti-terrorist systems it bought for deployment in Iraq
were defective at high temperatures.

He alleged more than 700 electronic jamming systems meant to frustrate the
detonation of improvised explosive devices were not recalled from the
battlefield, even after the problem was identified, because IST executives did
not want to jeopardize their relationship with the government or EDO.

The defendants countered that Glynn was fired for his "ornery" disposition and
sought to prevent him from using what it alleges is its proprietary technology
for counter-IEDs - which are used to foil the devices often used for roadside
bombs - in his new subcontracting work.

The litigation eventually ensnared Glynn's friend, James Martin, and the
companies they founded or led after leaving the defendant firms. Motz whittled
the litigation in February 2008 and July 2009. And earlier this year, federal
government attorneys weighed in on the effect of corporate confidentiality
agreements on the rights of whistleblowers.

Attorneys in the case are scheduled to speak with Judge Motz on Wednesday about
scheduling a trial on the remaining claims.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             February 19, 2004 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

U.S. DIGEST

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS; U.S. Digest Column; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 691 words


WASHINGTON

FBI report details misconduct by agents

An internal FBI report kept under wraps for three years details dozens of cases
of agents fired for egregious misconduct and crimes, including drug trafficking,
attempted murder, theft, misuse of informers and consorting with prostitutes.

The report, released Wednesday by Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, says that about
one in 1,000 agents was dismissed for serious misconduct or criminal offenses by
the FBI during the period examined, from 1986 to 1999. The average was between
eight and nine a year.

The FBI's attempts to prevent the report's disclosure from the public and
Congress since its completion in June 2000 is raising questions among critics
about an attempt to avoid embarrassment.

Grassley, a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a letter
Wednesday to FBI Director Robert Mueller that he was concerned about "a lack of
response to the findings and recommendations, a general lack of support for the
project and even efforts to prevent its completion."

FORT LEWIS, Wash.

Charges against soldier are publicly released

The U.S. Army has charged a member of the Washington state National Guard with
attempting to supply intelligence to the al-Qaida terrorist network, Army
officials said on Wednesday.

Spc. Ryan Anderson, 26, a Muslim convert who Army officials said also went by
the name Amir Abdul Rashid, was charged on Feb. 12 at Fort Lewis, south of
Seattle, with two counts of attempting to supply information to the enemy. The
charges were not made public until Wednesday. Anderson was taken into custody at
Fort Lewis last week, officials said, after an investigation by the FBI, the
Justice Department and the Army found that he had used a computer to try to
contact al-Qaida cells in the United States.

WOOD RIVER, Neb.

Second firefighter dies of injuries from blaze

A second volunteer firefighter has died from injuries suffered in a blaze that
spread when an elderly man tried to shove a burning couch out the door and it
got stuck.

Firefighter Kenny Woitalewicz, 38, died Tuesday at St. Francis Medical Center in
Grand Island, Neb., hospital spokeswoman Ruth Dabner said. The Saturday morning
fire also killed firefighter Bobby Heminger, 39, and Anna Carrig, who lived at
the house in the southern Nebraska town with her husband, Raymond.

Authorities said Raymond Carrig, 76, was awakened before dawn by a smoke alarm
and found his wife, 73, standing in the living room and a small fire in the
couch.

After attempts to extinguish the fire, Carrig tried to push the couch out of the
house, the state fire marshal's office said in a report.

The two firefighters were fatally injured when the roof of the burning home,
weighted by 2 to 3 inches of ice, collapsed as they tried to rescue Anna Carrig.

LOS ANGELES

Mars rovers both spend day working

The rover Opportunity used its robotic arm to inspect a freshly dug hole on
Mars, while its twin, Spirit, rolled into a shallow depression halfway around
the planet, NASA said Wednesday.

Opportunity examined the 4-inch-deep trench it scooped out with one of its six
wheels, measuring the composition of the clumpy soil and photographing it with a
microscopic imager.

The trench is intriguing because it is not uniform, with the bottom appearing
different from the walls, project manager Richard Cook said. Scientists chose
the trench site because earlier observations revealed it is rich in hematite, an
iron-bearing mineral that typically forms in water.

CLEVELAND

Doctor sentenced for rape denies guilt

A gynecologist was sentenced Wednesday to 45 years in prison for raping a
patient and fondling more than a dozen others during medical examinations.

Standing in court in handcuffs and tan jail overalls, Azzam Ahmed denied any
wrongdoing.

"If anyone perceived that I touched them in a sexual manner, I swear to the soul
of the creator of the universe, I never, ever intended to assault any of these
patients," Ahmed said. "I love them all."

Judge Shirley Strickland Saffold also fined Ahmed $95,500.

Ahmed, 57, was convicted last week of attacking 15 women.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: NATION

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Report: Oakland police overseer says department showing improvement in complying
with reforms

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 498 words


OAKLAND -- Oakland police have made strides in reporting misconduct within the
department and investigating witness retaliation claims, but needs better
reviewing of excessive force complaints, according to the latest report from a
federal monitor overseeing reforms.

Oakland agreed to a court-sanctioned reform effort in 2003 following the Riders
police brutality scandal in which four officers were accused of beating up and
framing drug suspects in West Oakland.

Reform tasks -- whittled down over time from 51 to 22 -- are designed to help
the department improve accountability and prevent discriminatory policing.

The department's failure to complete the reforms resulted in a federal judge
appointing an overseer last year with sweeping power to finish the job. Monday's
report covering October through December last year showed a marked improvement
from the previous quarterly report in which the monitor Robert Warshaw said that
Oakland police had backslid on their reforms.

In that time, the department made 85 new hires, all of whom received at least
brief training in reporting misconduct in the department.

Warshaw, a retired Rochester, N.Y., police chief who was named the department's
overseer in March when Thomas Frazier was relieved of the position, credited
Oakland's interim police Chief Sean Whent and Mayor Jean Quan for their
commitment to the reforms.

"While there is still work to be done, the mayor's active engagement in the
process, coupled with the department's earnest attempts to be transparent with
the findings, constitute a new willingness" to meet the tasks and open public
discourse, Warshaw wrote.

The report says that the police department is currently in full compliance in
meeting reforms for 16 of 22 tasks, the highest level of compliance since an
overseer was appointed to monitor the reforms in March 2013.

"We still have work to do and I am confident we can make the adjustments to
bring the remaining tasks into full compliance," Whent said Monday.

In the last report, the department was out of compliance in tasks for reporting
misconduct and internal investigations of witness retaliation. Since then the
department has taken more seriously retaliation reports and increased training
on misconduct.

"I think that while there's a way to go there's been improvements because I
believe we have a command staff in place that's actively interested and
motivated to get the reforms done," Jim Chanin, an attorney who represented the
plaintiffs in the Riders case, said Tuesday.

Chanin added that the department should make the interim chief permanent "to
provide the stability and leadership it needs to complete this process after so
many years."

Noting that the department is at the highest compliance to date, he said "Let's
give credit where credit is due. They are doing a good job in bringing the
department into compliance."

A new police chief is scheduled to be named within the first two weeks of May.

Staff writer Matt Artz contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland police investigate a shooting on 2400 block of Fern Street in
Oakland, Calif., on Wednesday, July 24, 2013. Officers found an elderly woman
who had been shot by an unknown suspect while she was in her vehicle, causing it
to strike a parked car. (Anda Chu/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 12, 2010 Tuesday

Bills for overseeing BART police advance

BYLINE: By Steven Harmon Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; Local

LENGTH: 531 words


SACRAMENTO   Two competing bills for creating an office to investigate citizens'
complaints of misconduct against BART police cleared an Assembly committee
Tuesday.

The bills differ in how much input the state would have in drawing up the
requirements for handing out disciplinary action, and there is a question of
whether the authors   Assemblymen Sandre Swanson, D-Oakland, and Tom Ammiano,
D-San Francisco   will be able to forge an agreement by Friday, the deadline for
the bills to reach the Assembly floor.

Ammiano argued that despite years of complaints of police misconduct, the BART
Police Department has never established an independent investigative body. He
said he was "skittish" over the idea of trusting BART to create one only after
he had introduced his legislation, AB312, which would require such a panel.

Swanson's bill would not require a panel, but would allow one. Still, Swanson
tried to reassure Ammiano that it would be done if his bill were to pass.

"I don't share the lack of confidence that BART, or community leaders or local
officers have gone through all of this and nothing will happen," said Swanson,
whose bill, AB1586, is backed by BART and local police organizations.

The push for an independent citizens complaint commission came to a head this
month with the anniversary of the Jan. 1, 2009, fatal shooting in Oakland of
Hayward resident Oscar Grant III by former BART officer Johannes Mehserle, who
is awaiting trial on murder charges in Los Angeles in May.

The trial was moved after Alameda County Superior Court Judge Morris Jacobson
ruled that media coverage   including video footage of the shooting viewed on
YouTube and television by millions around the globe   might prejudice the case
in Oakland.

Grant's uncle, Cephus Johnson, testified before the committee, imploring
lawmakers to back Swanson's bill, saying community members poured months of work
into BART's proposal.

The emotionally charged case has fueled tensions between Oakland's black
community and law enforcement, resulting in calls for an independent commission
to handle charges of police brutality.

But law enforcement organizations are opposed to civilian control over a public
body and giving the final say on disciplinary action to an oversight board.

Under Ammiano's legislation, the BART board would be required to create the
citizens' complaint office, whose director would be nominated by the district
attorneys of Alameda, Contra Costa and San Francisco counties. The director
would be someone who has never have been a member or employee of BART's Police
Department. And no citizens panel employees can have served as BART police
officers.

The staff would consist of two investigators   one for every 150 sworn members
of the BART Police Department.

The BART police chief and BART board would still have the final say on imposing
discipline.

Currently, complaints filed against BART police officers are investigated by the
Internal Affairs division of the BART Police Department, and those cases are
then referred to the chief of police for disciplinary action. But critics say
internal investigations have often resulted in whitewashes.

Contact Steven Harmon at 916-441-2101.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Elkhart Truth (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

BRIEF: Former Elkhart resident Karenga Baker arrested on sexual misconduct with
a minor warrant in Arizona

BYLINE: Tori Fater, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 145 words


Sept. 11--A former Elkhart resident wanted for sexual misconduct with a minor
was arrested in Arizona on an Elkhart County warrant.

Karenga Baker, 47, is charged with two counts of sexual misconduct with a minor,
a Level 4 felony. Elkhart County Superior Court 3 issued a warrant for his
arrest June 15, according to digital court records.

If convicted, Baker would face up to 24 years in prison.

Elkhart County Sheriff's Department issued an alert Thursday asking for
information on Baker. Police said he was last living in Elkhart, but that he
might have fled the state.

The department updated its alert at 10:48 a.m. Friday morning to announce Baker
was taken into custody in Arizona. He will be extradited back to Indiana.

___ (c)2015 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150911-1ET-BRF-Former-Elkhart-resident-Karenga-Baker-arrested-on-sexual-
misconduct-with-a-minor-warrant-in-Arizona-0911-20150911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                        Copyright 2015 The Elkhart Truth


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 23, 2001, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

WHAT TIME IS IT?

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. E8

LENGTH: 398 words



POLICE REVIEW

OUTGOING St. Louis Police Board president Eddie Roth had decided to push for a
civilian review board before Cincinnati ignited. But Mr. Roth thinks the riots
in that old, segregated Midwestern river city counsel action in this old,
segregated Midwestern river city.

Urgency is necessary. The relationship between the police and some parts of the
black community in St. Louis is not unlike that in Cincinnati. Black suspects
have died in controversial confrontations with police in both cities.
Residential segregation isolates the races. The police departments in both
cities remain heavily white. In Cincinnati, 28 percent of the police force and
43 percent of the residents are African-American. In St. Louis, 32 percent of
the police force and 53 percent of the residents are African-American.

For decades, the idea of having a civilian review board to examine police
actions was limited to liberal activists. Now, civilian review boards are
starting or being planned in the city, St. Louis County and Webster Groves. Mr.
Roth thinks that their sudden popularity shows that society is more sensitive to
the related issues of police misconduct and racial profiling.

Mr. Roth hopes to have a proposal for civilian review board ready by June, when
he steps aside as president. He'll be succeeded by the Rev. Maurice Nutt, who
also supports civilian review. The decision to elevate Father Nutt, an
African-American, is itself influenced by racial sensibilities. The new mayor is
white and the next police chief may be, too. All-white leadership in the mayor's
office and the police station doesn't make sense in a city with a black
majority.

Different cities have different approaches to civilian review. In Minneapolis,
the review board takes up all complaints. However, in Por tland, Ore., and San
Jose, Calif., the boards review patterns of police behavior and look for ways to
alter policies to improve police work. That is the model that Mr. Roth likes.
The police internal review process and the civil and criminal courts already
provide enough clout to investigate individual incidents, he says. Still, the
review board that Mr. Roth proposes might focus on an incident as a way to
review a policy.

Much remains to be decided. But Mr. Roth doesn't want to run out of time, as
Cincinnati did. "I don't know what time it is in St. Louis," he says.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       May 11, 1994 Wednesday 1ST EDITION

Clergy sex misconduct prevalent Forum told 33 percent admitted wrongdoing

BYLINE: Virginia Culver, Denver Post Religion Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 696 words


More than a third of American ministers have admitted some kind of sexual
misconduct, an expert in the field said yesterday during a North American
teleconference on the subject.

The number could be as high as 38 percent, said the Rev. Marie Fortune. The
incidents range from a pat on the buttocks to a full-fledged affair.

Fortune, founder-director of the Center for the Prevention of Sexual and
Domestic Violence in Seattle, also said 70 percent of clergy women in this
country say they have been victims of sexual abuse by clergy, seminary
professors or leaders in their congregations.

The numbers were shocking to the 50 people who gathered yesterday at the Iliff
School of Theology to watch the teleconference.

"I'm more depressed than when I came," one United Methodist parishioner said
after the session. She is a member of a church that has dealt with sexual
misconduct by clergy.

Sponsored by the United Methodist Church and originating from its Nashville
offices, the interdenominational conference drew about 4,000 participants in the
U.S. and Canada.

It is the first such teleconference ever held on the problem of sexual
misconduct among clergy.

Fortune - author of the best-seller "Is Nothing Sacred?" - and the Rev. Larry
Graham - professor of pastoral care and theology at Iliff - led the six-hour
conference in Nashville.

The teleconference included calls from people who have been victims,
re-enactments of misconduct cases and questions from viewers in the U.S. and
Canada. Calls kept four phone lines busy throughout the day in Nashville, with
some people waiting 15 minutes or more to get their questions aired.

Fortune said the problem of misconduct, which ranges from inappropriate touching
to child molestation, "is frankly worse than any of us want to believe."

She said she and others in the field have found it is rare that reports of
sexual misconduct are false.

Graham and Fortune said there is no estimate for the number of victims because
most clergy, or other abusive church workers, have multiple victims. It is rare
that a perpetrator abuses only one person, they said.

But in addition to the victims of abuse, families, congregations, friends and
sometimes entire communities suffer, they said.

Abuse "is like a tornado hitting a congregation," said Fortune.

Characterizing abuse as "violence" against another person, Fortune said "the
harm is deep. We hear it over and over - the victim has a loss of faith, a loss
of community and family, and in the case of a child, the loss of childhood."

Abusive clergy often are 'predators," said Graham because they carefully
calculate whom they will have a relationship with, choosing someone who is
vulnerable. They then rationalize the events, saying, "'This is a special
relationship,' 'I'm doing good,' or 'I need this."'

Graham called sexual abuse by members of the clergy a "sin, evil and insidious"
because the minister uses his higher standing to justify what he's doing.

The abuser also usually swears the victim to secrecy, threatens suicide if the
victim tells and says that if secrecy isn't maintained the event will destroy
his career, ruin his marriage and wreck the congregation. All of that, Graham
said, puts the responsibility on the victim, keeping the person "isolated from a
reality check."

Both speakers said church authorities need to better screen their employees and
volunteers and deal quickly with reports of misconduct so that a victim is
helped. Removing the minister so he can go to another church isn't acceptable,
they said.

They also stressed informing the congregations,"breaking the silence" but
keeping the confidentiality of the victim. There has to be accountability for
the minister's actions not only because that is "just" but because it will
lessen the threat of lawsuits, said Graham.

Too many congregations "just want to move on," said Fortune, instead of going
through the painful process of dealing with the issue.

Asked about forgiveness and reconciliation, Graham said "that is down the road.
That is not the first priority." The first steps are to remove the minister, get
help for the victims and end the abuse, he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Chicago attorney faces 3-month suspension

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 280  words


A Chicago attorney is facing a suspension of his Wisconsin law license over
misconduct in an Illinois legal-malpractice case.

Charles Boyle, 77, graduated from Loyola University Chicago School of Law in
1966. He was admitted to practice law in Wisconsin in 1985. According to the
State Bar and OLR websites, his license is in good standing. However, the
Wisconsin Supreme Court publicly reprimanded Boyle in September for practicing
while his license was suspended.

According to an Office of Lawyer Regulation complaint filed Oct. 20, the
Illinois Supreme Court suspended Boyle's license to practice law in the state as
a result of two counts of misconduct related to a client he represented in a
legal malpractice case.

At the time of the misconduct, Boyle was representing a woman in a
legal-malpractice case that was field against her original counsel in a
personal-injury cases, according to the Illinois decision. He reached $10,000 a
settlement with the original counsel.

Boyle took $4,000 in contingency fees and paid $4,000 to the client, who agreed
that Boyle would hold $2,000 in his trust account in case a third party had a
claim to some of the settlement.

Instead, Boyle used the money for personal expenses, leaving only $50 in the
account. The rest of the settlement was disbursed to the client.

The OLR is also alleging Boyle failed to notify the OLR that his Illinois
license has been suspended, and is asking the Wisconsin Supreme Court to impose
reciprocal discipline on Boyle.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            April 14, 2007 Saturday

Hartnell may be suspended for 2 games

BYLINE: By Victor Chi, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: SAN MATEO; Sports

LENGTH: 441 words


NASHVILLE -- Looks as if Nashville forward Scott Hartnell could be suspended
after all -- and possibly for two games.

Hartnell received two game misconducts Friday to give him three in this series.

According to NHL Rule 23.3, a player with two game misconduct penalties in the
playoffs will be suspended automatically for the next game. Each additional game
misconduct penalty results in a game being added to the suspension.

Hartnell earned his first game misconduct in the opening game Wednesday when he
received a major penalty for kneeing Sharks right wing Jonathan Cheechoo. The
Sharks lobbied for a league suspension, but nothing happened.

Then in the final minute of Nashville's 5-2 victory in Game 2, Hartnell received
two game misconducts while fighting Mike Grier of the Sharks.

Officials did not explain the two calls. But one was probably because Hartnell
didn't have his sweater properly tied down to his equipment. The other might
have been because the fight with Grier was not deemed the original incident,
which appeared to be Ryane Clowe vs. Predators pest Jordin Tootoo.

According to NHL Rule 47.7, a game misconduct is automatic if a player picks up
a fighting major after the original altercation. This misconduct could be
retracted upon review if the league decides the other player instigated the
fight.

The Predators will push for this because it would reduce the suspension from two
games to one.

"Colin Campbell is presently looking at the incident at the end of the game, and
the game misconducts are being reviewed," said Mike Murphy, the NHL senior vice
president of hockey operations.

A BIG BLOCK: Predators defenseman Ryan Suter's block of a shot by Joe Thornton
during a Sharks major power play in the second period might have been the
turning point.

The Sharks were trailing 2-1, and Thornton's fakes had drawn goalie Tomas Vokoun
out of position. Thornton launched from the slot with most of the net exposed,
but Suter reached out to block the shot with his stick.

"We had a couple glorious chances to tie it 2-2," Thornton said. "We just
misfired."

A couple of minutes later, J.P. Dumont scored shorthanded to stretch Nashville's
lead to 3-1.

LUCKY BOUNCES: Nashville trailed 1-0, then took advantage of two favorable
bounces to counter with goals by Alexander Radulov and Peter Forsberg.

Radulov scored from short range after goalie Evgeni Nabokov poke-checked Vern
Fiddler's centering pass off Scott Hannan's leg.

"One of those bounces right on his tape," Hannan said. "That's what happens in
the playoffs."

Forsberg found a hole from the bottom of the left circle after Marek Zidlicky's
point shot bunny-hopped off the endboards.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Former prison guard pleads guilty to sexual contact of a prisoner

BYLINE: Sharon Dunn, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


June 29--A former corrections officer at the Hudson Correctional Facility
pleaded guilty Thursday to sexually contacting a prisoner and official
misconduct.

Amber Gunter, 27, of Brighton, was charged last August with unlawful sexual
contact of a prisoner, who was a 35-year-old convicted murderer from Anchorage,
Alaska.

Gunter worked as a corrections officer for a year and two months at the Hudson
Correctional Facility, a 1,250-bed, privately run prison in southern Weld
County. The prison has contracted with the state of Alaska to house 850
prisoners there.

Gunter resigned in June 2011 after the allegations came forth.

The Weld District Attorney filed one felony charge of unlawful sexual conduct in
a correctional institution, and later added a count of official misconduct as a
part of her plea agreement.

Her guilty plea came with a deal for a four-year deferred sentence on the sexual
contact charge, a felony; and an open sentence on the official misconduct
charge, which is a misdemeanor. Weld District Court Judge Julie Hoskins will
have the option of a three- to 12-month jail sentence on the misconduct charge.
Gunter also will have to register with the state as a sex offender.

Sentencing is set for Sept. 18. If, after sentencing, she somehow violated the
terms of her deferred sentence, she could face up to three years in prison.

In an interview last year, she said she allowed the prisoner to touch her, but
there was no sex involved.

She said in that interview that officials began investigating when her roommate
found letters the prisoner had written to Gunter and showed them to Gunter's
superiors. She said in that interview that she had gotten caught up in the
"Inmate life," but she also was scared to say "no" to him.

The prisoner was serving a 45-year prison sentence for a 2007 second-degree
murder conviction.

Prison officials have consistently refused to comment on the matter, saying only
that Gunter is no longer an employee there.

___ (c)2012 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120629-GY-Former-prison-guard-pleads-guilty-to-sexual-contact-of-a-prisoner-06
29-20120629

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 28, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Claims Against Police

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 113 words



To the Editor:

Re "Legal Claims Filed Against Officers Decline Sharply" (front page, July 21):

Instead of focusing on the number of complaints lodged against New York City
police officers, one must look at the amount of money settled or litigated by
the city from people wronged by the Police Department.

Last year, it was $40 million -- a record amount.

I suggest that rather than have the taxpayer foot the bill for police
misconduct, it would be better to have the money taken out of the Police
Department's budget. This would be a deterrent for future misconduct and a
wake-up call to discipline bad officers.

ROBERT S. DRUCE
New York, July 21, 2000

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 10, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW JERSEY;
State Trooper Is Cleared Of Misconduct Charges

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 180 words

DATELINE: SOMERVILLE


A state trooper who had been accused of pressuring a motorist to bare her
breasts was acquitted of all charges yesterday.

Trooper Brandan Crooker, 28, had been accused of telling a 36-year-old woman he
stopped for erratic driving on Route 78 in Bridgewater on Aug. 9, 1997, that he
would not issue a summons to her if she exposed herself. His lawyer, Michael
Critchley, had said Trooper Crooker decided not to issue the woman a summons as
a courtesy after she told him she was an informer for the District Attorney's
office in Lehigh Valley, Pa.

Mr. Critchley had said the woman hoped to trade her testimony against Trooper
Crooker for leniency on drug charges she was facing in Pennsylvania.

A jury of seven women and five men found Trooper Crooker not guilty of official
misconduct, criminal sexual contact and criminal coercion.

A spokesman for the Attorney General's office, Chuck Davis, said Trooper Crooker
would remain suspended without pay pending the outcome of administrative charges
against him.

Mr. Davis declined to comment on the verdict.






http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                  February 21, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Murray lives on the edge; Enforcer one game misconduct away

BYLINE: PAT HICKEY; THE GAZETTE

SECTION: SPORTS; CANADIENS NOTEBOOK; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: HARTFORD


Coach Mario Tremblay is resigned to losing the services of rugged forward Chris
Murray at some point this season.

"It's going to happen," said Tremblay, noting that Murray is only one game
misconduct away from a one-game suspension.

The National Hockey League levies an automatic one-game suspension when a player
accumulates three game misconducts for fighting or two game misconducts for
stick infractions or two-game misconducts for other infractions.

Murray's boxscore in 29 games with the Canadiens shows two misconducts for
fighting, one for a stick infraction and one in the other.

"I guess I'll have to try to play smart," Murray said yesterday.

But Tremblay said later that he didn't want the rookie to make any changes in
his game.

"That's the way he plays; that's when he's most effective," said Tremblay. "I
think he'll get another game misconduct, don't you? So, he'll sit a game and if
he gets another one, he'll rest for two games."

Tremblay defended Murray's actions which led to his latest misconduct, a
slashing penalty against Calgary's Theoren Fleury Saturday night.

"People didn't see what Fleury did to him first (Fleury received a minor penalty
on the play for cross-checking Murray)," said Tremblay. "Calgary was yelling
about Murray but (Calgary coach) Pierre Page sent some big defencemen out there
to get Valeri Bure."

- Cassels Eyes Reward: Andrew Cassels, who was a first-round draft choice of the
Canadiens in 1987, is about to become a millionaire with the Whalers.

Hartford general manager Jim Rutherford said that he and Cassels's agent, Larry
Kelly, are talking about a new multi-year contract. The 26-year-old Cassels is
in the final year of a deal which pays him $ 760,000 (U.S.) a season. He is
expected to receive a three-year deal for more than $ 1 million (U.S.) a season.

Cassels, who played 60 games over two seasons with the Canadiens, has been the
Whalers' top playmaker during the past 4 1/2 seasons.

- Taking A Short Cut: Donald Brashear learned that four-wheel drive comes in
handy. As he attempted to find a parking space at Dorval yesterday, he found
himself going up a down ramp. No problem. He simply drove his Jeep up and over
the median dividing the lanes.

And people wonder why folks make jokes about Quebec drivers.


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday

San Mateo County citizens' oversight panel approved

BYLINE: By Shaun Bishop MediaNews

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words


The next time a San Mateo County elected official is found inside an illegal
brothel, the Board of Supervisors might be ready.

Supervisors voted unanimously Tuesday to create the framework for a citizens
review panel they can summon when an elected official is accused of misconduct.

The panel, which will have the power to subpoena, hire investigators and return
with a recommendation to the board, is a long-awaited response to the April 2007
scandal involving Sheriff Greg Munks, who was caught in a police raid on an
illegal Las Vegas brothel.

But the much-publicized Sin City incident, after which Munks denied he broke any
laws and was never charged with a crime, won't be the panel's first assignment,
supervisors said.

"I think too much time has passed," said Board President Adrienne Tissier, one
of the proponents of the panel. "To me, from his perspective of what happened
there, I think the voters will be the ones to determine that. I think if it were
to ever happen, I'm very happy we have tools in our toolbox."

Supervisor Jerry Hill, another proponent, agreed.

"This was created to deal with conduct prospectively, not retroactively," he
said.

The panel could be formed by a four-fifths vote of the Board of Supervisors and
contain three, five or seven members, according to the ordinance, which will go
into effect 30 days after the board's next meeting.

Its membership would be picked from a predetermined pool of retired judges,
former county or city administrators, former grand jury foremen and former
county counsels, city attorneys or district attorneys.

Once formed, the panel would investigate alleged misconduct and make a
recommendation to the board, which could censure the accused official, cast a
vote of no confidence or refer the matter to law enforcement or a grand jury.

Even if the panel was in place before the Munks incident, County Counsel Michael
Murphy said he doubted the sheriff's detainment at an illegal bordello would
constitute "serious official misconduct" as defined in the ordinance.

"It would be difficult, under the circumstances that were presented in Las
Vegas, based on his presence there, to find under the board's authority that
there was official misconduct," Murphy told the board.

But Hill said the ordinance allows the supervisors to consider employee conduct
guidelines such as the sheriff's general orders, which state in part that
employees should not "bring discredit upon the sheriff's office or subject the
sheriff's office, fellow employees or themselves to any criticism, disgrace or
public ridicule."

Both Hill and Tissier said they believe the Munks incident would have qualified
for investigation by the panel.

For more than a year after the incident, supervisors kept mostly silent on the
issue, saying they have no power over the sheriff acting on his own time. Munks
was in Las Vegas for a law enforcement charity run.

But after Reps. Jackie Speier, D-San Mateo, and Anna Eshoo, D-Palo Alto, chided
the county for its lack of response in a San Mateo County Times special report a
year after the incident, supervisors Tissier and Hill proposed giving the board
greater oversight.

Hill originally favored adopting a change to the county charter   modeled after
a similar statute in San Bernardino County   that would allow supervisors to
discipline or fire an elected official.

He later dropped the idea for the citizens' panel, based on an ethics commission
concept Tissier proposed in May.

Eshoo did not return a call Tuesday seeking comment on the board's response.

Speier declined to comment through a spokesman.

"(Speier) felt she had said everything she wanted to say about the situation,"
spokesman Mike Larsen said.

E-mail Shaun Bishop at sbishop@dailynewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           September 29, 2000 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Dwyer banished for 23 games

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; On the Side; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK (CP) -- Tampa Bay Lightning left wing Gordie Dwyer has been assessed
three automatic suspensions totaling 23 games for an altercation with on-ice
officials during a pre-season game on Sept. 19 against the Washington Capitals.
During an altercation with Washington players Joe Murphy and Joe Reekie at 5:30
of the third period, Dwyer applied physical force to linesman David Brisebois.

the NHL said in a statement. After being escorted to the penalty box, Dwyer left
the box and returned to the ice. In an attempt to engage Reekie again, Dwyer
pulled referee Mark Faucette to the ice.

Dwyer was assessed minor penalties for charging and roughing; a 10-minute
misconduct penalty and three game misconduct penalties. Each of the game
misconducts carries with it an automatic suspension which totals 23 games.

Dwyer, who already has served two games of the suspension, will miss the first
21 games of Tampa Bay's regular-season schedule, from Oct. 6 through Nov. 25. He
will be eligible to return Nov. 27 at NY Islanders.

Under the terms of the Collective Bargaining Agreement, and based on his annual
average salary, Dwyer will forfeit $39,510.66. The money goes to the Players'
Emergency Assistance Fund.

Dwyer, 22, played 24 games as a rookie for the Lightning last NHL season,
recording one assist and 135 penalty minutes.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Fort Bragg soldier relieved of duties amid misconduct investigation

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


Feb. 27--A senior noncommissioned officer has been relieved of his duties after
allegations of misconduct were leveled against him.

The soldier, whose name was not released, is a command sergeant major within the
95th Civil Affairs Brigade at Fort Bragg, according to a spokesman from U.S.
Army Special Operations Command.

The 95th Civil Affairs Brigade has its headquarters and five subordinate
battalions stationed at Fort Bragg. Each would have a command sergeant major.

The unit's civil affairs soldiers are part of the special operations community
and work with civilian agencies to coordinate efforts between the U.S.
government and local populations.

Lt. Col. Dave Connolly, USASOC spokesman, said the senior leader has been
"temporarily suspended of his duties pending the outcome of an investigation
with respect to alleged misconduct" and declined to offer more details on the
incident that led to the allegations or the investigation itself.

More information will be released if criminal charges are filed, he said.

The allegation of misconduct is the latest in a string of accusations against
leaders in the Army.

On Fort Bragg, once such case is scheduled to go to trial in March, when Brig.
Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair faces charges of sexual misconduct and adultery in a
court-martial that is expected to last as long as a month.

Charges against Sinclair were leveled in 2012, during a time when several other
current and former Army leaders came under investigation, including retired Gen.
David Petraeus, then head of the CIA, and Marine Gen. John Allen.

Another leader, then-Gen. William "Kip" Ward, was demoted for unauthorized
spending while at the helm of U.S. Africa Command.

More recently, investigative documents showed misconduct that ranged from
inappropriate emails to alcohol abuse among other general officers.

One of those officers was a former deputy commander of the 82nd Airborne
Division who served alongside Sinclair.

That officer, Brig. Gen. Martin P. Schweitzer, made a sexually explicit joke
about U.S. Rep. Renee Ellmers, a Republican from Dunn.

Information recently obtained by The Associated Press shows Army allegations of
misconduct are on the rise.

According to the AP, the number of soldiers forced out of the Army because of
crimes or misconduct has dramatically risen in recent years.

The number of officers who left the Army because of misconduct more than tripled
in three years, according to the AP. The number of enlisted soldiers forced out
for drugs, alcohol, crimes and other misconduct rose to 11,000 last year, up
from about 5,600 in 2007.

___

Staff writer Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or 486-3567.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140227-FY-Fort-Bragg-soldier-relieved-of-duties-amid-misconduct
-investigation-20140227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 14, 1991, Tuesday, City Edition

A duty to interfere

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 622 words



Something plainly is wrong with state laws that allow police officers to escape
prosecution for failing to interfere with the vicious beating of a helpless,
unresisting prisoner.

    The state in question is, of course, California, where a grand jury has
declined to indict any of the 21 officers who looked on like so many bystanders
at a barroom brawl while four others assaulted motorist Rodney King two months
ago.

    But it could as easily be Florida, whose laws appear to be every bit as
silent as California's as to when public officials who fail to enforce the law
become accomplices in its violation. The statute on official misconduct, which
once might have been stretched to cover a situation like the Los Angeles case,
has been cut to shreds by Supreme Court rulings. All that remains of it is a
section that makes it a crime to file a false report. While Florida officers can
be prosecuted for using excessive force, internal discipline may be the only
recourse against colleagues who simply stand by. St.  Petersburg, for example,
requires its officers to report rule violations to their supervisors "as soon as
practical." (Pinellas County Sheriff Everett Rice, calling the passive behavior
of the Los Angeles officers "a violation of every agency's rules and
regulations," says he would have been tempted to "put them in jail and let
somebody tell me I couldn't." )

    Florida's official misconduct law was written to make it a felony for public
officials to "knowingly" violate a law or regulation or to refrain from
performing a duty required by law. But the Supreme Court struck down the first
stricture in 1977 and the second in 1985.  A majority of the justices held that
the law was simply too vague.  The second decision was accompanied by some
well-chosen words of advice from Justice Ben F. Overton.

    "I strongly suggest . . .," he wrote, "that the Legislature revisit this
statute and re-enact these provisions, limiting their applications to
identifiable public officials and to the statutorily or constitutionally defined
duties of the particular offices." TheLegislature has not taken his advice, but
not for want of someone trying. Sen. Bob Johnson, R-Sarasota, got such a bill
approved by two Senate committees this year but it died on the Senate calendar
at adjournment. It is not clear whether it would have applied to a situation
such as the King beating.

    There are probably some good reasons why police ought not to be criminally
liable for failing to enforce just any law. Among examples that come to mind is
that of the lone officer on the scene as a mob
 loots a store. No one could responsibly fault the officer for sending for
reinforcements instead of trying to arrest the mob single-handedly.

    But there seem to be no plausible arguments against a statute that would
make police officers criminally responsible for failing to interfere with other
officers in the commission of such specific crimes as assault, extortion,
bribery and theft. There is nothing vague about that.

    Honor codes and other internal disciplinary regulations are well worth
having, but they can do only so much against the strong tradition that police
look out for one another. Los Angeles District Attorney Ira Reiner has
complained that some of the officers who witnessed the King beating "to this day
do not acknowledge that the incident should have been handled any differently
than it was."

    Perhaps the federal civil rights laws can be brought into play against
officers who defaulted in their duty to protect King. But states should not have
to rely on the federal government to defend  citizens from police abuse.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday
                                  Home Edition

POLICING;
Police using less force after donning cameras;
San Diego officers have resorted to holds and verbal warnings more than
take-downs and Tasers, stats show.

BYLINE: DAVID GARRICK, Garrick writes for the San Diego Union-Tribune.

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE:  SAN DIEGO


The San Diego Police Department says that since officers began wearing body
cameras nearly three years ago, there have been significant decreases in
misconduct allegations and high-level uses of force.

According to a nine-page internal report released this week, the cameras also
have reduced the number of allegations left unresolved due to lack of evidence,
helped exonerate more officers accused of misconduct and increased the
percentage of allegations deemed false.

The report compared misconduct allegations and instances where force was used in
2013, before officers began wearing cameras, with 2016, when nearly all had
begun wearing them.

By April, the department plans to complete upgrading each of its nearly 1,200
body-worn cameras to newer models with superior video quality and the ability to
store two minutes of images before an officer hits "record," instead of the
current 30 seconds.

The report said overall misconduct allegations were down 43.1% when 2016 is
compared with 2013. More serious allegations related to criminal behavior,
discrimination, force and racial or ethnic slurs were down 47.4%, while
allegations related to conduct, courtesy, procedure and service were down 40.4%.

Use of force by officers was found to be on the rise overall, climbing 14% since
2013. But high-level use of force -- such as physical take-downs or employing
Tasers, chemical agents or weapons -- was down 16.4%. Low-level use of force,
such as physical strength, controlled holds and Taser warnings, was up 25.3%.

Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman said the statistics were evidence that body-worn
cameras discourage violence.

"This data is consistent with feedback received from officers indicating body
worn cameras help de-escalate some situations, and results in the use of lesser
controlling force to gain compliance without the need for greater
controlling/defending force," she wrote in the report.

Brian Marvel, president of the labor union representing San Diego police
officers, said he was not convinced by the statistics showing use of force has
increased overall.

"I think you're seeing more thorough report writing and much better
documentation of the force that was used," he said, suggesting some uses of
force had been going unreported because officers couldn't watch a video of
themselves in action. "Prior to body-worn cameras, you got into an altercation
and you were having to recall everything."

Marvel said another factor could be a significant increase in recent years in
the number of incidents with people who are mentally ill, which often require
the use of force.

Marvel said he was particularly pleased to see the reduction in the use of
high-level force, which he said means fewer instances of injuries to officers
and the people they are trying to take into custody.

"It'd be great if everybody would just fully cooperate, but in the real world
that's not going to happen," he said.

Zimmerman stressed in her report that use of force, while on the rise
statistically, is still rare. Of 520,000 incidents that San Diego officers
responded to in 2016, just over 4,600 -- less than 1% -- involved the use of
force.

But it's still a problem that overall use of force is on the rise, said the Rev.
Shane Harris, president of National Action Network San Diego and a frequent
critic of the department.

"Excessive force has gone down, but use of force is up still and it's climbing.
And it's our belief they should be held accountable for each equally," he said.

Harris said the other numbers in the report are good news, but city leaders
still have work to do.

"They need to constantly fight to make police relations better in the city of
San Diego," he said.

--

david.garrick@sduniontribune.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: SAN DIEGO POLICE CHIEF Shelley Zimmerman, shown in 2015, says in
a new report that cameras worn by officers have helped to discourage violence.
The department is upgrading each of its nearly 1,200 devices.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Lenny Ignelzi Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday

Oakland chief resigns amid police misconduct probe

BYLINE: Ellen Knickmeyer; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 290 words

ABSTRACT

The police chief in Oakland, California, has resigned amid an investigation of
sexual misconduct allegations involving city officers

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> The police chief in Oakland, California has resigned amid an
investigation of sexual misconduct allegations involving several officers.

In a statement released late Thursday, Chief Sean Whent said that he had worked
to make the city safer by forging better ties with its diverse communities, and
that the vast majority of Oakland officers shared that commitment.

He gave no reason for stepping down.

Whent made his own decision about leaving the job, Mayor Libby Schaaf told
reporters Friday.

Schaaf did not explain the chief's sudden resignation, but thanked Whent for
"incredible strides to rebuild trust in the department" during his two-year
tenure.

The historically troubled Oakland department currently is investigating
allegations that several officers had sex with an underage girl. Two officers
have resigned and two others remain on paid leave.

Prosecutors still are reviewing the police department's initial investigation of
the allegations, Schaaf said.

Oakland police have been under supervision of monitors appointed by federal
courts since 2003. The supervision stemmed from a civil settlement involving
allegations that four night-shift officers in predominantly black west Oakland
were beating and robbing residents and planting evidence.

The monitors since have faulted department managers and internal investigators
for allegedly failing to hold officers accountable for misconduct.

Whent became chief in May 2014 and is being replaced by Ben H. Fairow, deputy
police chief at the regional transit system. He will be the Oakland department's
fifth chief since 2009.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

1. Former County Executive Leopold convicted of misconduct, gets jail time

BYLINE: ALLISON BOURG abourg@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.9

LENGTH: 280  words


County Executive John R. Leopold resigned in February after being convicted of
two counts of official misconduct, possibly ending a political career that
spanned four decades and two states.

His two-week trial in Anne Arundel County Circuit Court drew wide media
attention, with state prosecutors alleging Leopold ordered his county police
security detail to do political work, empty his catheter bag, ferry him to
sexual encounters in public places and run interference between his two
girlfriends.

Leopold, who was in his second term, was convicted of ordering the officers to
campaign for him and empty his urine bag.

Retired Circuit Court Judge Dennis Sweeney sentenced Leopold to two years in
jail with all but 60 days suspended. Leopold spent half of his jail sentence in
the Jennifer Road Detention Center in Annapolis. He was under house arrest for
the remainder.

Sweeney also ordered Leopold to pay a fine of $100,000 - $75,000 if paid to Anne
Arundel County - complete 400 hours of community service and serve five years'
probation. He is barred from running for office while on probation.

Leopold, 70, is the only county executive to resign from office pending a jail
sentence.

In his resignation letter, the Republican called stepping down his most
difficult decision.

Leopold is appealing his conviction, and the Court of Special Appeals is
scheduled to hear his case next year. In motions filed last fall, his lawyers
argued he should be allowed to run for office while on probation.

Leopold's indictment was The Capital's top story of 2012. In 2011, the grand
jury investigation of the county executive was the year's third-biggest story.

- Allison Bourg,

abourg@capgaznews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: County Executive John R Leopold listens to his attorney Bruce Marcus
speak to the media after the verdict. Leopold was found guilty of two counts of
misconduct during his trial at the Anne Arundel County Circuit Courthouse.
County Executive John R Leopold listens to his attorney Bruce Marcus speak to
the media after the verdict. Leopold was found guilty of two counts of
misconduct during his trial at the Anne Arundel County Circuit Courthouse.
Former Anne Arundel County Executive John R. Leopold.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

NHL: Stars' Eakin gets four games for bowling over Lundqvist

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 227 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The NHL suspended Dallas Stars forward Cody Eakin and Ottawa Senators forward
Mike Hoffman on Friday.

Eakin was suspended for four games without pay for charging New York Rangers
goalie Henrik Lundqvist, and Hoffman was penalized two games for cross-checking
San Jose Sharks forward Logan Couture.

Eakin was assessed a major penalty for charging and a game misconduct in the
first period of the Stars' 2-0 home loss Thursday night. The suspension will
cost him $85,556 (U.S.). Hoffman was assessed a major penalty for cross-checking
and a game misconduct in the third period of the Senators' 4-3 shootout loss to
the visiting Sharks on Wednesday night. The suspension will cost him $57,639.

Lundqvist was forced out of the Rangers game for 51/2 minutes after getting
bowled over behind the net. Eakin received a major penalty for charging and a
game misconduct.

"The league better do something about that hit," Rangers coach Alain Vigneault
said Thursday. "It's everything that you want to take away from the game. A hit
to the head, forward motion and it's a goaltender on top."

Stars coach Lindy Ruff defended Eakin.

"I understand the call. As a penalty killer, he's trying to gain speed so he can
get back. I know it doesn't look that way, but there was no intent on his part,"
Ruff said.

Lundqvist said he didn't see Eakin coming at him before he was knocked to the
ice.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                April 8, 1992, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

SEXUAL MISCONDUCT COMPLAINT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 149 words


A lawyer for the Senate Ethics Committee will gather information on allegations
of sexual misconduct against Sen. Brock Adams, (D-Wash), a National Organization
for Women officer said. Norleen Koponen said she met with the committee's chief
counsel to discuss a complaint the group has filed against Adams with the
committee. It will be up to the committee's leadership to decide whether to
pursue the case.

DEATHS ...

- NEW YORK: Molly Picon, 94, a comic star of the Yiddish theater, died Sunday.

- NEW DELHI, India: Zulfiqar Ali Khan, 59, the last ruler of a northern
principality who became a politician after his kingdom was abolished, died
Sunday in a car accident.

CORRECTIONS, CLARIFICATIONS ...

- Baltimore Blast defeated the Tacoma Stars 7-2 to gain berth in the Major
Soccer League playoffs. An item on Page 3B in Tuesday's USA TODAY International
was incorrect.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday

Police misconduct hearings to be kept private, court rules

BYLINE: Kristin Bender, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 417 words


Police leaders on Tuesday said a judge's decision to close public hearings of
misconduct complaints validates officers' long-standing position that their
personnel matters should not be aired in front of the community.

In a lengthy decision released Friday, Alameda County Superior Court Judge
Winifred Smith ruled in favor of the Berkeley Police Association, which filed a
lawsuit against the city five years ago to close the public hearings of the
city's Police Review Commission.

"(Berkeley police) appreciate that someone finally recognized that there should
be confidentiality," said Henry Wellington, the president of the Berkeley Police
Association. "We've all unanimously felt strongly that these aren't the kind of
things that should be disclosed to the general public."

While police spokesman Ed Galvan called the decision a "huge day for law
enforcement in general," Berkeley Copwatch is mounting a campaign to become the
"main repository of information on police misconduct," said Copwatch member Bram
Draper.

The judge's decision, released to the public Monday, follows a California
Supreme Court decision last year that ruled all personnel matters involving
police, including misconduct cases, are not public.

Berkeley, as well as Oakland and San Francisco, had stopped police review public
hearings following the Supreme Court ruling.

City Attorney Manuela Albuquerque, who called the decision a sad day for public
accountability, was scheduled to meet with the City Council on Tuesday to
discuss whether to appeal.

In the meantime, the PRC is still a functioning board.

Berkeley police have been looking at revising some of its policies after a
police sergeant tampered with evidence for his own personal drug use.

Berkeley City Councilman Kriss Worthington called the judge's decision a "step
backwards in public accountability."

"The more obstacles we put in the way, the less likely people will raise their
legitimate complaints," he said.

For 30 years, the PRC has been investigating complaints of excessive force,
improper arrest, search, stop and detention, discourtesy, discrimination,
improper citation or tow and other issues during public meetings on Wednesday
nights.

Police do not object to the oversight process, only that the complaints are not
handled privately.

Other government employees do not have misconduct cases aired in the public
arena. However, if allegations against them are found to be true and discipline
is imposed, some details of the case can be revealed under state law.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 12, 2005

Policy exclusion doesn't bar coverage for rape, kidnapping

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 576  words


A "sexual misconduct" exclusion in a church's insurance policy doesn't bar
coverage for kidnapping and robbery of a mother and her children as they left
the church parking lot even though a rape occurred during the incident, the 11th
Circuit has ruled in applying Florida law and reversing a U.S. District Court.

The mother was securing her children in her mini-van when the perpetrator
threatened to kill them if she didn't get into the van. He got into the driver's
seat and told the mother to give him her rings, money and ATM pin number,
striking her with a knife. He forced her to perform oral sex more than once,
raped her and drove to a bank and again threatened to kill the children if she
didn't withdraw as much money as possible. He eventually parked near the church,
returned the mother's rings and walked away.

The church's primary liability policy barred coverage for injuries "arising out
of ... sexual misconduct of any kind. " That policy provided limits of $1
million per occurrence, up to a total of $2 million, while a separate sexual
misconduct policy provided significantly lower limits.

The plaintiffs sued the church for negligence. Its insurer determined that the
perpetrator's subjective intent was sexual and denied coverage.

But the court said that the sexual misconduct exclusion shouldn't apply here.

Although the rape fell within the sexual misconduct exclusion, the court said
that "the non-sexual acts of the perpetrator [did not] 'arise out of' the sexual
acts. ... The record ... is replete with non-sexual acts committed by the
perpetrator before and after the rape had taken place during the course of the
incident. Each non-sexual act, independent of the sexual acts, would constitute
a distinct crime under [state] law. "

Here, "the perpetrator hit the victim on the head and threatened to kill her
children - acts constituting an assault ... and a battery. ... [He] also
battered the daughter when he pushed her into her car seat, bruising her back.
[He] committed aggravated assault ... by threatening the [plaintiffs] with a
knife twice ... The victim was again battered when the perpetrator hit her on
the head because the children were screaming while she performed oral sex on
him. The perpetrator committed robbery ... when he demanded the victim's money
and rings and ... took the money she had withdrawn from her bank accounts. The
perpetrator falsely imprisoned the [plaintiffs] ... and violated [state law] by
kidnapping the children. "

Given these facts, "[w]e cannot say that the non-sexual acts were 'connected' to
the sexual acts such that the non-sexual acts would not have occurred 'but for'
the sexual misconduct. It is completely plausible that the [plaintiffs] could
have been assaulted, kidnapped, battered, held at knife-point, falsely
imprisoned, and robbed, without the victim having been raped, and have suffered
the same or similar physical or mental injuries. ... We find it difficult to
categorize a multi-crime episode ... as simply incident to a rape. ... Under
these circumstances, where the loss can be attributed to multiple causes,
[state] law requires coverage of all of the victim's injuries as related to the
incident. "

The court cited a similar decision from Louisiana, while noting a holding to the
opposite from Colorado.

Guideone Elite Insurance Co. v. Old Cutler Presbyterian Church, Inc. (Lawyers
Weekly USA No. 9931512) U.S. Court of Appeals, 11th Circuit No. 04-12846. Aug.
19, 2005..

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 25, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

Nation in Brief

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 470 words

L.A. officers suing police department

Dozens of police officers are suing the Los Angeles Police Department, claiming
they were harassed or fired after reporting misconduct.

While the lawsuit is not specifically linked to the department's notorious
Rampart corruption case, the plaintiffs allege the ''code of silence'' led to
that scandal.

The 41 current and former officers who filed suit Thursday in Superior Court
seek compensation and an injunction prohibiting department officials from
retaliating against whistleblowers.

Attorney Bradley Gage estimated that 300 to 500 officers could eventually join
the case if it is certified as a class action suit.

Department spokesman Don Cox said officials had not seen the lawsuit and could
not comment.

The suit claims that officers who reported misconduct were taunted by
supervisors, who said things such as ''you better watch your back'' and ''I will
demote you and then I will fire you.'' The department also used a pattern of
harassment in which managers passed on confidential information about officers
being transferred, the suit says.

Some of the officers said the situation has worsened since Chief Bernard Parks
took over in 1997.

Charity exec pleads guilty to embezzling
A former American Cancer Society executive pleaded guilty in Columbus, Ohio,
today to embezzling nearly $ 8 million from the charity, using the money to pay
for an addition at his home and landscaping that included 35 Aristocrat pear
trees. Daniel Wiant, 35, earlier had agreed to admit to bank fraud, money
laundering, mail fraud and illegal use of a credit card in the thefts that began
in 1997. Wiant smiled at his wife, Kathy, who was seated in the front row, after
U.S. District Judge Joseph Kinneary accepted the plea agreement. She turned him
in to authorities after he called her in June to tell her he had stolen $ 6.9
million from the charity by transferring it to a bank in Austria. No sentencing
date was set for Wiant, who remains in custody.

American Airlines aims to shift blame for crash
American Airlines, stung by an $ 11 million jury award in its fatal Arkansas
crash, has renewed efforts to blame an air traffic controller for passengers'
deaths. Lawyers for the Fort Worth, Texas-based airline, with separate filings
in Little Rock and Dallas, contend that if controller Kenneth Kaylor had
performed his job correctly, Flight 1420 would have been turned away from Little
Rock National Airport during the June 1, 1999, thunderstorm. Eleven people died
and more than 80 were injured when the jet crashed during landing. The airline
claims the controller failed to give the pilots accurate information about the
weather, runway condition and the plane's approach. The National Transportation
Safety Board has not issued its final report.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            October 11, 1974, Friday

BYLINE: BY MARCIA CHAMBERS

SECTION: Page 1, Column 7

LENGTH: 115 words

Manhattan Dist Atty Kuh says members of his office are not 'partners of the
police' and orders his 200 asst dist attys to scrutinize police performance from
arrest through ct testimony for possible misconduct.  Police Comr Codd is
outraged by directive, maintaining that order implies to public that official
misconduct is rampant in city.  Says out of 77,419 arrests in 1st 8 mos of '74,
only 3 complaints of misconduct have been recd from Kuh's office.  A Philip
Randolph Inst dir Bayard Rustin hails directive, which was prepared in
consultation with Kenneth B Clark, Deputy Mayor Paul Gibson Jr and ACLU lawyer
Paul Chevigny.  Neither Kuh's assistants nor Comr Codd were consulted (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 284-7

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     July 27, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Beleaguered LAPD Charges Six More With Misconduct

Rene Sanchez , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, July 26


Six more officers on this city's beleaguered police force have been charged with
misconduct by the department for allegedly shooting and then framing unarmed
suspects, the latest sign that the massive corruption scandal that erupted here
last fall keeps getting worse.

The officers are among dozens in Los Angeles still under federal and local
investigation for their roles in an allegedly widespread and brutal criminal
conspiracy within the ranks of the department's Rampart division near downtown,
in a neighborhood that has long been overrun with violent gangs.

None among the new group of officers to be disciplined by the department has
been criminally charged. But LAPD officials say the administrative charges stem
from the officers' role in shooting unarmed gang members, planting a gun on one
of them and then delaying calling an ambulance for a victim bleeding to death
while they altered the crime scene. Prosecutors also are investigating the
alleged incident, which took place several years ago.

Attorneys for the officers dispute the misconduct charges, which represent the
most serious internal action the LAPD has taken in its ranks in response to the
scandal.

The new departmental action comes as the larger investigation into the Rampart
division by Los Angeles County District Attorney Gil Garcetti is entering a new
phase. Next week, four other officers, who were criminally charged this spring
for crimes including planting drugs or weapons on suspects, falsifying police
reports and lying under oath at criminal trials while they were stationed at
Rampart, will be arraigned.

Since the scandal broke, investigators have focused mainly on suspects who may
have been wrongly convicted or imprisoned because of officer misconduct. Cases
have been dropped against nearly 100 suspects, and about 10 people have been
released from prison. But that tally is no longer growing every week.

"Our focus is now shifting to the conduct of officers," Sandi Gibbons, a
spokeswoman for Garcetti, said today. "This is going to go on for quite some
time."

Nearly three dozen officers under suspicion have resigned. Public confidence in
the police department has sunk even lower than it was during the period that
included the Rodney King beating and the O.J. Simpson murder trial. The cost of
the investigation and of settling lawsuits on the way from victims of police
misconduct is expected to exceed $ 125 million. And elected officials here keep
feuding about the scope and pace of the corruption probe, which now extends
beyond Rampart.

The LAPD has been reeling from the scandal at the same time it is bracing for
one of its biggest tests in years: maintaining order outside the Democratic
National Convention next month, which will draw thousands of protesters. Another
question stemming from the scandal is who should take the lead responsibility in
trying to reform the LAPD's ranks--the department, civilian leaders in Los
Angeles or the U.S. Justice Department.

The latest misconduct allegations, like others that have roiled the police force
this year, are rooted in sensational accusations made by a former Rampart
officer, Rafael Perez, who is in prison.

Perez has told investigators that rogue cops in one of the LAPD's elite
anti-gang squads regularly framed and beat unarmed suspects who had not
committed a crime. He has given such testimony in exchange for leniency on
charges of stealing cocaine from a police evidence locker. Investigators say
they are verifying much of Perez's account, but defense attorneys for the
officers charged insist he is not credible.


LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Meijer attorney misconduct case to continue

BYLINE: Brian McGillivary, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


Oct. 08--TRAVERSE CITY -- Former Meijer, Inc. attorney Timothy Stoepker obtained
a narrow victory in his appeal to the Michigan Supreme Court, but still faces a
hearing for allegations of misconduct.

The Michigan Supreme Court denied Stoepker's request that the justices dismiss
charges that could cost him his law license. The state Attorney Grievance
Commission alleged Stoepker, of Grand Rapids, falsely testified under oath
during a lawsuit deposition about his alleged role in Meijer's illegal campaign
activities. The allegations have been pending since 2009.

The top court did agree to dismiss charges that he committed criminal violations
of the Michigan Campaign Finance Act at the time because that section of law was
found unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court.

"The fact there had been this criminal statute in effect at the time, we will
not be able to rely on that," said Robert Edick, deputy grievance administrator
who is prosecuting the case against Stoepker. "But it doesn't change the
fundamental nature of the misconduct we are alleging."

The complaint against Stoepker stems from his representation of Meijer in the
corporation's pursuit of a store off M-72 in Acme Township. Meijer officials
admitted they secretly spent more than $100,000 on lawyers and a public
relations firm to fight a 2005 township referendum and also to support a 2007
effort to recall the township board because some board members opposed the
Meijer development.

The Attorney Grievance Commission alleged Stoepker falsely testified under oath
during a lawsuit deposition about his alleged role in Meijer's illegal campaign
activities.

Grievance commission action held for years while criminal and civil court
actions played out. Then Stoepker appealed the charges to a panel of three Kent
County attorneys who heard his case and then to the full disciplinary board.
Both unanimously denied his motions.

"It grinds on ... but the various side streets they can go down are closing
rapidly," Edick said.

The Supreme Court also denied a motion filed by Meijer, Inc. attorneys to
prevent Stoepker from revealing potenitally confidential information.

The court ruled Meijer attorneys can file a written statement of their position,
known as a brief, with the hearing panel.

A hearing date has not yet been set.

___ (c)2013 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131008-ZK-Meijer-attorney-misconduct-case-to-continue-1008-20131008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2013 The Record-Eagle


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday

Misconduct charges iffy in Flint case

BYLINE: DAVID EGGERT Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 401 words


LANSING, Mich. - The prosecution of current and former state of Michigan
employees for their role in Flint's lead-contaminated water crisis likely will
face an early test over whether one of the most serious charges can even be
levied against the middle- and lower-level government officials.

All eight workers charged so far, five from the Department of Environmental
Quality and three with the Department of Health and Human Services, face a
misconduct in office charge - a felony that can carry a five-year prison term.
The cases are in the early stages of prosecution.

But there is no statute clearly defining official misconduct. Rather, it is a
common-law offense based on judicial decisions and a doctrine whose origins
trace back centuries to England.

The Michigan Supreme Court has ruled that misconduct in office applies only to
"public officers," not all government workers.

Peter Henning, a Wayne State University law professor and a former federal
prosecutor, said Michigan is one of few states to preserve common law criminal
offenses. State courts are still struggling to discern who can face the charge,
he said, particularly within bureaucracies staffed mostly with non-elected or
non-appointed officials.

"The higher up you get in the bureaucracy and the chain of the command, the more
likely you're going to be an officer," Henning said.

Just last month, the state Court of Appeals affirmed a lower judge's decision to
toss a misconduct in office charge against a Wayne County lawyer in a failed
jail project. The defendant was a "public employee," not a public officer, the
court ruled.

Factors to be weighed include whether a position and its duties were created,
defined and delegated by the Legislature or through legislative authority.
Elected officials such as the governor, lawmakers, mayors and high-ranking
appointees are public officers. Police officers have been successfully
prosecuted for the crime, too.

In announcing the second round of charges last month, Attorney General Bill
Schuette said the defendants had deliberately concealed the tap water's danger
from the public, allowing children to continue "drinking poison." The water was
contaminated when the city switched from a Detroit-area water system to the
Flint River while under state emergency management in 2014.

State regulators failed to require corrosion chemicals, letting toxic lead from
old pipes leach into the supply.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       June 18, 2016 Saturday 5:00 PM GMT

Oakland loses third police chief in a week amid scandals;
Paul Figueroa announces he is 'unable to fulfil functions of acting chief of
police' as city mayor fumes over 'toxic, macho culture' within service

BYLINE: Sam Levin in San Francisco

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 635 words


The Oakland, California, police department has lost its third chief in one week
amid numerous high-profile misconduct scandals, including revelations that
officers allegedly sent racist text messages.

On the heels of a widening controversy surrounding the alleged sexual
exploitation of an underage girl by numerous officers, the Oakland mayor, Libby
Schaaf, announced on Friday evening that Paul Figueroa, the acting police chief
who took the position on Wednesday, was stepping down and that the city was also
"on the verge of closing an investigation that centers on racist text messages
sent by police officers".

Related:  'Like a bad novel': Oakland police lose second chief in a week amid
sex scandal

Figueroa had replaced interim police chief Ben Fairow, who Schaaf removed six
days after she selected him. Fairow - whose appointment Schaaf called a
"mistake" - had stepped up to replace chief Sean Whent, who abruptly left the
department one week ago.

The police department in Oakland, the northern California city across the bay
from San Francisco, is the latest urban law enforcement agency in the US to lose
its top cop following a wave of scandals. The police chief in San Francisco
resigned in May in the face of intense pressure surrounding questionable fatal
shootings by officers and a national controversy involving racist and homophobic
text messages.

The heads of the police agencies in Baltimore, Chicago and Ferguson also
recently departed in the wake of major controversies.

This is not the first time Oakland has suffered from a revolving door of police
chiefs. In 2013 the agency had three chiefs in just three days.

Schaaf's disclosure of a case involving racist text messages was a significant
setback for the agency following news of a widespread sexual misconduct
controversy that appears to be unrelated to the new scandal.

Related:  Oakland police chief resigns following multiple officer misconduct
cases

"I am here to run a police department, not a frat house," a visibly angry Schaaf
said at a hastily planned news conference on Friday evening at Oakland city
hall.

"We need to root out what is clearly a toxic, macho culture," the mayor
continued. "We are hellbent on rooting out this disgusting culture."

Schaaf declined to provide details about the alleged racist texts, and it was
unclear how Figueroa might be connected to the recent misconduct cases.

In a short statement, Figueroa said: "I cannot fulfil the functions of the
acting chief of police for the city of Oakland and I am stepping aside to take
leave ... I am deeply sorry that I was unable to fulfil the functions of acting
chief of police."

Over the last year multiple misconduct scandals have emerged in Oakland.

One high-profile case surrounds officer Brendan O'Brien, who reportedly killed
himself and left a note that launched an investigation into allegations of
widespread misconduct. Oakland paper East Bay Express uncovered that three
officers had allegedly had sexual relations with a teenage girl when she was
underage and, according to the girl, was working as a sex worker.

Related:  'Corrupt in its roots': as Oakland police scandals pile up, residents
not surprised

A total of at least 14 Oakland officers and eight officers from neighboring law
enforcement agencies reportedly took advantage of the teenager, who is now 18
years old and whose mother is a dispatcher in the department, the Express
reported.

If the officers did have sexual relations with the girl when she was underage,
then under state law they could be convicted of committing statutory rape and
human trafficking since she was a sex worker.

On Friday Schaaf said she would not be appointing a new interim chief at this
time and that command staff in the agency would instead be reporting directly to
city administrator Sabrina Landreth.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       June 18, 2016 Saturday 5:32 AM GMT

Oakland loses third police chief in a week amid scandals;
Paul Figueroa announces he is 'unable to fulfil functions of acting chief of
police' as city mayor fumes over 'toxic, macho culture' within service

BYLINE: Sam Levin in San Francisco

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


The Oakland, California police department has lost its third chief in one week
amid numerous high-profile misconduct scandals, including revelations that
officers allegedly sent racist text messages.

On the heels of a widening controversy surrounding the alleged sexual
exploitation of an underage girl by numerous officers, the Oakland mayor, Libby
Schaaf, announced on Friday evening that Paul Figueroa, the acting police chief
who took the position on Wednesday, was stepping down and that the city was also
"on the verge of closing an investigation that centers on racist text messages
sent by police officers".

Related:  'Like a bad novel': Oakland police lose second chief in a week amid
sex scandal

Figueroa had replaced interim police chief Ben Fairow, who Schaaf removed six
days after she selected him. Fairow - whose appointment Schaaf called a
"mistake" - had stepped up to replace chief Sean Whent, who abruptly left the
department one week ago.

The police department in Oakland, the northern California city across the bay
from San Francisco, is the latest urban law enforcement agency in the US to lose
its top cop following a wave of scandals. The police chief in San Francisco
resigned in May in the face of intense pressure surrounding questionable fatal
shootings by officers and a national controversy involving racist and homophobic
text messages.

The heads of the police agencies in Baltimore, Chicago and Ferguson also
recently departed in the wake of major controversies.

This is not the first time Oakland has suffered from a revolving door of police
chiefs. In 2013 the agency had three chiefs in just three days.

Schaaf's disclosure of a case involving racist text messages was a significant
setback for the agency following news of a widespread sexual misconduct
controversy that appears to be unrelated to the new scandal.

Related:  Oakland police chief resigns following multiple officer misconduct
cases

"I am here to run a police department, not a frat house," a visibly angry Schaaf
said at a hastily planned news conference on Friday evening at Oakland city
hall.

"We need to root out what is clearly a toxic, macho culture," the mayor
continued. "We are hellbent on rooting out this disgusting culture."

Schaaf declined to provide details about the alleged racist texts, and it was
unclear how Figueroa might be connected to the recent misconduct cases.

In a short statement, Figueroa said: "I cannot fulfil the functions of the
acting chief of police for the city of Oakland and I am stepping aside to take
leave ... I am deeply sorry that I was unable to fulfil the functions of acting
chief of police."

Over the last year multiple misconduct scandals have emerged in Oakland.

One high-profile case surrounds officer Brendan O'Brien, who reportedly killed
himself and left a note that launched an investigation into allegations of
widespread misconduct. Oakland paper East Bay Express uncovered that three
officers had allegedly had sexual relations with a teenage girl when she was
underage and, according to the girl, was working as a sex worker.

Related:  'Corrupt in its roots': as Oakland police scandals pile up, residents
not surprised

A total of at least 14 Oakland officers and eight officers from neighboring law
enforcement agencies reportedly took advantage of the teenager, who is now 18
years old and whose mother is a dispatcher in the department, the Express
reported.

If the officers did have sexual relations with the girl when she was underage,
then under state law they could be convicted of committing statutory rape and
human trafficking since she was a sex worker.

On Friday Schaaf said she would not be appointing a new interim chief at this
time and that command staff in the agency would instead be reporting directly to
city administrator Sabrina Landreth.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       June 18, 2016 Saturday 5:24 AM GMT

Third Oakland police chief quits within a week amid scandals;
Paul Figueroa announces he is 'unable to fulfil functions of acting chief of
police' as city mayor fumes over 'toxic, macho culture' within service

BYLINE: Sam Levin in San Francisco

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


The Oakland, California police department has lost its third chief in one week
amid numerous high-profile misconduct scandals, including revelations that
officers allegedly sent racist text messages.

On the heels of a widening controversy surrounding the alleged sexual
exploitation of an underage girl by numerous officers, the Oakland mayor, Libby
Schaaf, announced on Friday evening that Paul Figueroa, the acting police chief
who took the position on Wednesday, was stepping down and that the city was also
"on the verge of closing an investigation that centers on racist text messages
sent by police officers".

Related:  'Like a bad novel': Oakland police lose second chief in a week amid
sex scandal

Figueroa had replaced interim police chief Ben Fairow, who Schaaf removed six
days after she selected him. Fairow - whose appointment Schaaf called a
"mistake" - had stepped up to replace chief Sean Whent, who abruptly left the
department one week ago.

The police department in Oakland, the northern California city across the bay
from San Francisco, is the latest urban law enforcement agency in the US to lose
its top cop following a wave of scandals. The police chief in San Francisco
resigned in May in the face of intense pressure surrounding questionable fatal
shootings by officers and a national controversy involving racist and homophobic
text messages.

The heads of the police agencies in Baltimore, Chicago and Ferguson also
recently departed in the wake of major controversies.

This is not the first time Oakland has suffered from a revolving door of police
chiefs. In 2013 the agency had three chiefs in just three days.

Schaaf's disclosure of a case involving racist text messages was a significant
setback for the agency following news of a widespread sexual misconduct
controversy that appears to be unrelated to the new scandal.

Related:  Oakland police chief resigns following multiple officer misconduct
cases

"I am here to run a police department, not a frat house," a visibly angry Schaaf
said at a hastily planned news conference on Friday evening at Oakland city
hall.

"We need to root out what is clearly a toxic, macho culture," the mayor
continued. "We are hellbent on rooting out this disgusting culture."

Schaaf declined to provide details about the alleged racist texts, and it was
unclear how Figueroa might be connected to the recent misconduct cases.

In a short statement, Figueroa said: "I cannot fulfil the functions of the
acting chief of police for the city of Oakland and I am stepping aside to take
leave ... I am deeply sorry that I was unable to fulfil the functions of acting
chief of police."

Over the last year multiple misconduct scandals have emerged in Oakland.

One high-profile case surrounds officer Brendan O'Brien, who reportedly killed
himself and left a note that launched an investigation into allegations of
widespread misconduct. Oakland paper East Bay Express uncovered that three
officers had allegedly had sexual relations with a teenage girl when she was
underage and, according to the girl, was working as a sex worker.

Related:  'Corrupt in its roots': as Oakland police scandals pile up, residents
not surprised

A total of at least 14 Oakland officers and eight officers from neighboring law
enforcement agencies reportedly took advantage of the teenager, who is now 18
years old and whose mother is a dispatcher in the department, the Express
reported.

If the officers did have sexual relations with the girl when she was underage,
then under state law they could be convicted of committing statutory rape and
human trafficking since she was a sex worker.

On Friday Schaaf said she would not be appointing a new interim chief at this
time and that command staff in the agency would instead be reporting directly to
city administrator Sabrina Landreth.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                   September 3, 2003 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

Prosecutors get files on accused cop Pattern alleged in Aurora officer's
misconduct case

BYLINE: Howard Pankratz , Denver Post Legal Affairs Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 433 words


Hundreds of pages of internal police files concerning Aurora patrol  officer
Brian Saupe were turned over Tuesday to prosecutors, who  believe they may
contain reports of alleged misconduct by Saupe.


Arapahoe County District Judge Gerald Rafferty ordered that two  reports by
police Sgt. John Sopranuk and eight of nine files  subpoenaed from Aurora Police
Chief Richard Bennett be given to  prosecutors.


The Arapahoe County District Attorney's Office subpoenaed the  documents from
Sopranuk and Bennett last month, asking for  documents that 'in any way related
to misconduct or possible  misconduct' on Saupe's part.


In particular, prosecutors asked for a memo prepared by Sopranuk  that allegedly
summarized reports of misconduct or possible  misconduct by Saupe.


Saupe is accused of protecting a suspect in an Oct. 29 incident in  which a gang
of shoplifters invaded a Home Depot store in Aurora,  stole items and assaulted
employees.


Saupe allegedly asked employees to change their statements about  the incident
after one of the suspects said he could lead Saupe to  a stolen police
submachine gun taken from a Douglas County SWAT  officer's unmarked vehicle a
week earlier, according to court  documents.


Rafferty has not ruled on whether the prosecution can use the  information on
the alleged additional misconduct incidents at  Saupe's Sept. 15 trial.


Saupe is charged with tampering with physical evidence, criminal  attempt to
tamper with physical evidence, abuse of public records,  false reporting to
authorities and second-degree official  misconduct.


The trial was originally scheduled for Tuesday, but because another  case was
set for trial, Saupe's was rescheduled.


Saupe and his attorney, Doug Jewell, deny that Saupe did anything  wrong in the
Home Depot case. Jewell has said Saupe did his job  well when he helped retrieve
the stolen police submachine gun.


Jewell also denied that Saupe has behaved improperly at any other  time in his
nine years with the Aurora Police Department.


Jewell vigorously fought the release of records given to  prosecutors Tuesday.
He claimed that not only did the prosecution  have no right to see them but that
Rafferty had no authority to  review them to see if they should be released.


Prosecutors allege that Saupe's conduct is common knowledge  throughout the
Aurora Police Department. Saupe's colleagues say  that he has falsified records,
lied and made false arrests,  prosecutor Carol Chambers said in an earlier court
hearing.

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Saupe: Officer accused of aiding suspect.

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 27, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Sorting through cop complaints

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 516 words


A new procedure to filter out minor misconduct complaints about Denver police
officers should allow internal-affairs investigators to focus on more serious
infractions.

The process is reminiscent of doctors "triaging" casualties at a disaster to get
the critically injured onto operating tables quickly and redirect those with
minor injuries.

The change is only the most recent in a series of police changes instituted
since Mayor John Hickenlooper took office in July 2003 - only days after the
fatal police shooting of mentally disabled teenager Paul Childs. The city has
since gained an independent police monitor and a citizen oversight board to
improve police discipline and restore citizens' trust in the police. Also,
Manager of Safety Al LaCabe recently proposed a "matrix" system of graduated
penalties for different types of police misconduct.

"It certainly sounds to me that it's a reasonable approach," said Joe Sandoval,
chair of the criminal justice and criminology department at Metropolitan State
College, commenting on the new complaint system. "The question always comes up:
Where's the cutoff point?"

Previously, the Denver Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau was required
to investigate all complaints of officer wrongdoing. This had the effect of
overloading the unit and delaying conclusion of investigations for long periods,
according the Richard Rosenthal, the city's new independent police monitor.

"With most cases, you can figure out whether the case needs additional
investigation," Rosenthal said. Serious allegations - excessive use of force,
falsifying reports or criminal offenses - will routinely be referred to internal
affairs.

Less-serious complaints - such as officer discourtesy - will be handled by
supervising sergeants or lieutenants. Mediation will allow complainants to meet
with officers to resolve minor issues.

"When I worked in Los Angeles, I noticed the Los Angeles Police Department's
internal affairs had the idea that they had to investigate everything
thoroughly," Rosenthal said. "But they were so overwhelmed that every time
something important happened, they inevitably screwed up."

In the private sector, if "Nordstrom's gets a complaint, they don't interview
every customer and impose discipline a year and half later," Rosenthal said.
"They talk to their employees ... you can't treat every case like a federal
case."

When Rosenthal became the police monitor in Portland, Ore., he suggested
"filtering" complaints, which "increased the timeliness dramatically ... and
improved the quality of the investigations."

In addition to Portland, the LAPD and Los Angeles County Sheriff and the Seattle
police have since adopted similar procedures. Denver's shift to filtering
complaints should be completed by February, Rosenthal said.

It's a hopeful sign that both Chief Gerry Whitman and Mike Mosco, president of
the police union, support the new procedure.

We're confident the triage decisions will be sensible, and that authorities
won't sweep important complaints under the rug. With that in mind, the new
approach should earn public confidence, too.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 16, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

IN BRIEF

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 494 words


Ex-jail officer accused of sexual misconduct

Agents with the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division have arrested a
27-year-old former corrections officer from Hephzibah accused of having sexual
relations with an inmate.

Jesse Reid, who was arrested Wednesday. was in jail Thursday in the McCormick
County Detention Center on a charge of sexual misconduct with an inmate.
According to the arrest warrant, Mr. Reid is accused of having relations with an
inmate in August 2007 at the McCormick Corrections Institution, where he was
employed at the time.

Police searching for woman in check fraud

The Aiken County Sheriff's Office is attempting to identify and locate a woman,
who authorities say earlier this month cashed a stolen check at one bank and
tried unsuccessfully to cash a second one at another bank, in North Augusta.

On May 6, surveillance photographs show a heavyset woman cash a forged check for
$1,311 at the Bank of America, 315 Edgefield Road. On the same day, the woman
tried to cash another stolen check for more than $500 at Security Federal Bank.

Anyone with information on the identity and whereabouts of the woman can contact
Investigator Charles Cain at the Aiken County Sheriff's Office: (800) 922-9709.
Tipsters also can call Crimestoppers of the Midlands: (888) 559-TIPS. View
surveillance photos of the suspect at augustachronicle.com.

Man convicted of killing delivery man

A man accused of fatally shooting an Augusta Chronicle delivery man was
convicted on murder charges Thursday.

A Superior Court jury returned a guilty conviction against Donald Hugh "Do-Ball"
Gamble Jr., 23, who is accused of killing Quamaine Rickman on July 14, according
to Assistant Richmond County District Attorney Adam King.

Mr. Gamble was arrested in Dade County, Fla., in September. He could face life
in prison, Mr. King said.

Man gets life in prison for his role in invasion

An Augusta man was sentenced to life in prison Thursday for his role in a home
invasion.

Judge Carl C. Brown imposed the sentence on Marcus Allen Turner, 22, in
connection to the Nov. 16 robbery in which he, his accomplice, Montrelle Lorez
Teasley, and the victim were shot, according to Assistant District Attorney Adam
King.

Mr. Turner was convicted of armed robbery, aggravated assault, two counts of
kidnapping and weapons charges in April.

Businesses report theft, armed robbery

Columbia County sheriff's deputies responded to a theft and armed robbery at two
businesses Thursday night.

About 8:15 p.m., two men entered Walgreens drug store at Bobby Jones Expressway
and Washington Road in Martinez and snatched money from an unattended cash
register, Columbia County sheriff's Capt. Steve Morris said. An hour later, four
men entered Grand Chinese Buffet on Washington Road in Evans and demanded money
from employees, he said, adding that one of the men was armed. No injuries were
reported in either case and police were seeking suspects as of 11 p.m., Capt.
Morris said.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 1, 2008 Thursday

BRIEF: Maricopa officer on paid leave following sexual misconduct accusations

BYLINE: The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 176 words


May 1--A Maricopa police officer is on paid administrative leave because he is
accused of sexual misconduct, according to police and a television report.

Officer Gary Ferguson, 29, is being investigated by the Kern County District
Attorney's office, said Officer Louie Pennie with the Maricopa Police
Department.

Pennie would not talk about why Ferguson is being investigated. The allegations
involved sexual misconduct, according to KGET-TV, Channel 17.

Ferguson has been with the police department since 2006 and was one of its
original officers.

Prior to his administrative leave, Ferguson was officer in charge, according to
Pennie.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080501-BK-BRF-Maricopa-officer-on-paid-leave-following-sexual-
misconduct-accusations-0501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2008 The Bakersfield Californian


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 25, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

4 Miami Officers Convicted of Misconduct in '88 Slaying

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 8;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, June 24


After two trials and a riot, Federal prosecutors have won convictions of four
police officers accused of misconduct in the beating death of a Puerto Rican
drug dealer.

On Thursday, a Federal jury convicted four Miami police officers of misleading
investigators in an effort to cover up the killing. The charges stemmed from
statements that conflicted with evidence presented at the first trial, in 1990,
in which six officers were charged with conspiring to violate 35-year-old
Leonardo Mercado's civil rights by killing him.

In December 1990, hundreds of people rioted when the officers, including the
four convicted on Thursday, were set free because the jury could not reach a
verdict on the civil rights charge and acquitted them on a less serious
conspiracy charge. Hours after that verdict, rioters in Mr. Mercado's
neighborhood looted stores and burned three buildings in what residents and
community groups said was an expression of Puerto Ricans' sense of political
powerlessness in Miami, where they make up 4 percent of the population.

Assistant United States Attorney Dan Gelber said today that he hoped the
convictions would heal some of Miami's wounds. "This has been a really long
episode in this community's history, and it was a difficult case," he said. The
verdict, he said, "demonstrated an intolerance to dishonesty in the
law-enforcement community."

The Federal prosecution was aided by lawyers from the Dade County State
Attorney's Office, a cooperative effort started by Janet Reno, now the Attorney
General, when she was the county's chief prosecutor.

Determined to Appeal

The police officer at the center of the case, 45-year-old Pablo Camacho, said he
planned to appeal the verdict. "It's been a long nightmare for me and the
families," he said today in an interview, in which he maintained his innocence.
"In the 1990 trial, all the evidence came into the open and we were acquitted."

The case began in December 1988, when Mr. Camacho received a written death
threat from a drug dealer who identified himself only as operating from a
specific corner in the Wynwood section of Miami. Mr. Mercado, who lived on that
corner, was dead within hours of the threat, from wounds he received during a
five-minute fight with police in his home. At the first trial, the officers
justified the use of force by saying Mr. Mercado was crazed by drugs and armed
with a knife.

The four officers convicted in the second trial have been suspended with pay
since the day Mr. Mercado died, and they will remain so until the case is
closed. The four, who also include Charlie Haynes, Nathaniel Veal and Andy
Watson, are free on bail until the sentencing hearing, set for Aug. 31 by Judge
Stanley Marcus of Federal District Court. Each faces a maximum of 10 years in
prison on one count of obstructing justice.

The second trial stemmed from differences between the statements officers made
to police investigators on the day of the death, when they said they were not
present at the killing, and evidence gathered later, Mr. Gelber said. "Before
all the evidence came out, they had committed to not being in the room," he
said. The most significant piece of that evidence was a bloody footprint found
on Mr. Mercado's face that matched the bottom of Mr. Haynes's shoe.

Mr. Camacho's lawyer, Milton Hirsch, said prosecutors should not have been
allowed to bring a second set of charges in the case. "If you are given enough
opportunities to prosecute and prosecute again, eventually you'll get a
conviction," he said. "In all but the technical sense, this was a case of double
jeopardy."

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

SCHOOLS DESERVE PRAISE FOR ACTING ON MISCONDUCT

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1373 words


As a 30-year veteran in the field of sexual violence prevention and current
director of sexual assault services for the Crisis Center of Tampa Bay, I am
thrilled to see that the Hillsborough County School District has taken steps to
educate students and staff on sexual misconduct. It is shocking that nearly 60
percent of Hillsborough students are unaware of the proper course of action if
they, a peer or another student experiences sexual misconduct.

According to a Harris Interactive report based on a national survey of public
school students, 83 percent of girls and 79 percent of boys have experienced
harassment, with 35 percent saying that the first time was in elementary school.
A Seventeen magazine survey indicated that 86 percent of 9- to 12-year-olds have
experienced sexual gestures or comments and that 79 percent had been touched,
grabbed or pinched. Most harassers in the survey were other students; however, 4
percent were school employees.

Sexual harassment is a precursor to other kinds of sexual misconduct. Children,
youth and teens are vulnerable to violence because they are isolated, lack
information and are powerless in our society in many ways.

I commend Hillsborough schools for taking this step. The Crisis Center of Tampa
Bay, which is the certified rape crisis center for Hillsborough County, stands
ready to assist in their efforts to educate students and staff. The Crisis
Center of Tampa Bay provides support and medical services to victims of sexual
violence and has experts and school-specific curricula that can assist the
district with education, training and policy writing.

Kathleen Kempke, director of sexual assault services, Crisis Center of Tampa
Bay, Tampa

* * *

Jim Morin editorial cartoon - July 21

Insulting and insensitive

This cartoon is insulting and should never have been printed. I find it
incredibly insensitive and prejudicial to accuse those who do not support gay
marriage of being crackpots. Members of the gay community should also be
insulted, unless they are as intolerant as this cartoon accuses others of being.

Maybe the choice to publish the cartoon is a demonstration of who the real
crackpots are: the cartoonist and the editor who decided to publish it.

Deborah Butler, Valrico

* * *

Teenager discusses his ordeal - July 21

Stay clear of danger

I wonder what lesson 15-year-old Tariq Khdeir learned?

In 1970, when I was a student at the Columbia University Graduate School of
Business in New York City, a large number of Columbia undergraduates went down
to the West Side Highway in Manhattan, sat down on the road and blocked this
major traffic artery into New York to protest the U.S. bombing of Cambodia and
the Vietnam War.

One of my graduate school classmates came stumbling up W 114th Street, pressing
his hand to his head to try to stem the bleeding from a sizable gash. When I
asked him what happened, he told me that one of NYPD's finest whacked him with a
billy club. My classmate told me he said to the policeman: "I'm just a
bystander!" The cop whacked him and retorted: "There are no bystanders at a
riot!"

I took him bleeding to St. Luke's Hospital to get stitched up.

So when Tariq travels into a war zone, and then "left the family home to see the
commotion outside from the protest," his relatives should have known better and
stopped him and avoided his unwarranted and deplorable beating. He's lucky to be
alive. Lesson learned.

Peter Sontag, Clearwater

* * *

Pick for chief a surprise - July 21

Lesson in leadership

St. Petersburg Mayor Rick Kriseman is to be commended for selecting whom he
believes to be the most qualified candidate for police chief. The mistake was
bringing the public into the decision in the first place. The mayor finally
showed leadership.

Perhaps there is a lesson for the Pier process.

Paul Carder, St. Petersburg

* * *

Rally behind new chief

While I'm not a fan of the mayor, I applaud Rick Kriseman for thinking and
acting outside the box in making a decision that is in the long-term best
interests of the citizens of St. Petersburg. Hopefully those who supported
another candidate can rally behind our new chief.

James Donelon, St. Petersburg

* * *

Training, understanding

The mental health community will be pleased with the selection of Tony Holloway
as St. Petersburg's police chief. This is particularly true of the hundreds of
family members of the National Alliance on Mental Illness, who are concerned
about the relationship between people coping with mental health issues and the
police.

Holloway has a great understanding of the community he serves, whether homeowner
or homeless. As Clearwater chief, he ensured that his patrol officers attended a
40-hour specialized training course to ensure they understand how to properly
and professionally deal with people with mental illness, particularly when in
crisis. This is a population that most patrol officers will deal with more often
than with robbers, murderers, etc.

In addition, he sits on the board of directors of Directions for Living, a major
community mental health services provider.

Holloway can rely on the mental health community of providers, professionals,
advocates, consumers and their families to work together to make the St.
Petersburg Police Department a model in its dealings with mental health issues.

Donald Turnbaugh, past president, NAMI Pinellas County, Palm Harbor

* * *

Maverick of the Hollywood antihero - July 21

Worthy tribute

Sean Daly's piece on the life of James Garner was one of the nicest, and most
complete, epilogues I've read since his death hit the news the other day. I know
of no one who was not an admirer of Garner. There were so few like him and even
fewer today.

Peace to Jim and thanks to Sean for his tribute.

Randi T. Haverstrom, Spring Hill

* * *

Americans with Disabilities Act

Vigilance on discrimination

This month marks the 24th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act.
It's a civil rights law that seeks to eliminate discrimination against people
based on their disability. The ADA applies to discrimination in employment,
state and local government services, privately operated public accommodations,
transportation and telecommunications.

The Center for Independence Inc. and the Arc of Florida, nonprofit organizations
that advocate on behalf of individuals with intellectual and developmental
disabilities, have seen positive changes in these areas since the ADA was signed
into law in 1990. Just a few years before its passage, many Floridians with
these disabilities were institutionalized. Today, many are living and working in
their communities.

While great strides have been made, discrimination still exists. Attitudes, poor
enforcement of the law, underfunded programs and fiscal difficulties in state
and local government budgets all contribute to the ongoing need to be vigilant
advocates for full inclusion and equality.

* * *

Sean Kline, New Port Richey

Florida primary

Register and vote

We have a primary election coming up on Aug. 26 in Florida, but that term is a
little misleading. The primary includes nonpartisan races for school board,
county judge and circuit judge. Even if you are registered no party affiliation,
or for a very small party that doesn't field candidates, you can probably vote
for some office. The deadline to register to vote in August, or to change your
party, is coming up fast: Monday.

Both Hillsborough and Pinellas counties have judicial and school board races.
There are also primaries for Democrats and Republicans: the Democratic
gubernatorial primary between Nan Rich and Charlie Crist, the Democratic primary
for attorney general, and several legislative and county commission seats.

Register and vote. Our democracy depends on it.

Lisa Kane DeVitto, Tampa

* * *

All marriages not equal - July 22, letter

Procreation poppycock

Unless I'm mistaken, neither proof of fertility nor a pledge to procreate is a
requirement for obtaining a marriage license in any of the United States. Would
the letter writer deny the benefits of legally sanctioned marriage to the
millions who desire them despite being past childbearing age or otherwise unable
or unwilling to have children? His is a specious argument and one I'm surprised
that opponents of equal rights continue to make.

Lydia S. Castle, St. Pete Beach

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 2, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Senate picks up Packwood debate today

BYLINE: Leslie Phillips

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 226 words


The Senate - embroiled in a drama over sex, power and politics - will try to
decide today whether to enforce a subpoena against one of its own.

"We've gone around and around on this issue," said Sen. Richard Bryan, D-Nev.

The ethics committee chairman outlined the case for ordering Sen. Bob Packwood,
R-Ore., under investigation on sexual misconduct allegations, to turn over his
diaries.

But after almost seven hours of debate, the Senate decided to pick up again this
morning.

Packwood took the floor for almost an hour to argue his case, saying the
8,400-page diaries are "very, very personal."

The case began when the ethics panel reviewed early diaries in connection with
the sexual misconduct accusations.

But it then requested later diaries Bryan said could detail criminal conduct.
When Packwood's lawyers said no, the committee issued a subpoena.

Monday, Packwood said a deal was possible "if I knew what these charges" were.

The Portland Oregonian reported they include Packwood pressuring a lobbyist to
hire his now-former wife.

Also Monday: CBS News reported that Packwood's attempt to influence the Senate
by hinting his diaries contained dirt on colleagues fit a pattern.

CBS said he threatened to reveal the drinking problem of a potential opponent
and pressured women in the sexual misconduct case to remain silent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, CNN

See related stories; 06A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

USA: Excise Police Officer Arrested onCharges of Theft and Official Misconduct

LENGTH: 284  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Nov. 26 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following press release:

An Indiana State Excise Police Officer was arrested early this morning at his
residence in Fort Wayne following a three month investigation into the burglary
of the Indiana State Excise Police evidence room in Columbia City on August 4,
2010.

According to the Indiana State Police Criminal Investigation Division at the
Fort Wayne Post, Whitley County Sheriff Detective Chuck Voegley initiated the
investigation and with the assistance of State Police Detective Mark
Heffelfinger and Whitley County Prosecutor Investigator Mike Christie, put
together a case over the last three months which resulted in the arrest of Aaron
M. Bishop, 34, who has served with the Excise Police for approximately five
years, on Class D Felony charges of theft and official misconduct.

A search warrant was executed on Bishop's residence in the 7000 block of
Stonegate Place in Fort Wayne at approximately 10:00 pm on Tuesday night and
items of an evidentiary nature were located and secured. Evidence was also
located at a residence in Edon, Ohio where an alleged accomplice, who is
currently incarcerated in the Williams County (Ohio) Jail on unrelated charges
is said to reside.

Bishop is currently incarcerated in the Whitley County Jail pending initial
hearing.

ARRESTED AND CHARGED:

Aaron M. Bishop, 34, Fort Wayne, Indiana

-Official Misconduct, Class D Felony

-Theft, Class D Felony

For more information please contact info@plusmediasolutions.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 15, 2011 Tuesday

Put the sign where it will help drivers

BYLINE: THOMAS Bismarck NORLEEN HELM Bismarck

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 430 words


HATZENBUHLER

Prior to his appointment as bishop-elect of our diocese, Monsignor David Kagan
served as the misconduct officer for the Diocese of Rockford, Ill.

At the time of his service as misconduct officer, a fellow clergyman, the Rev.
Mark Campobello, was accused of sexually abusing two young girls.

In 2004, Campobello pleaded guilty to two counts of sexually abusing minors.

Had the state of Illinois not been so pertinacious in the pursuit of justice for
these two young victims, Campobello's misdeeds may have been blurred into
obscurity and speculation.

As the diocese's misconduct officer, Monsignor Kagan chose to impede the legal
process by asserting that the records of Campobello's reassignments within the
church, all investigative conversations between himself and Campobello and the
circumstances of Campobello's voluntary institutionalization at a mental health
facility fell within the purview of canonical law and were therefore accessible
only by the church (Illinois V. Campobello, 2002).

Nevertheless, and despite Monsignor Kagan's efforts, the Catholic Diocese of
Rockford settled the lawsuit filed against Campobello by the two known victims
of his sexual abuse for the amount of $2.2 million.

This indifference particularly worries me because I am an alumnus of the
Catholic elementary and junior high school that Monsignor Kagan will soon
directly oversee, the Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in Bismarck.

I fully understand that Monsignor Kagan was himself not responsible for the
despicable abuse rendered by Campobello; nevertheless, I hold the man, who
willingly with a faithful conscience protected such an individual, both legally
and morally, to be of equal or greater moral ineptitude and offense.

Given his clear history of holding canonical laws above those of the state, I
cannot help but conjecture about the authority by which Monsignor Kagan is
either able or allowed to be a moral guide for others, much less for children.

I'm not sure who is in charge of placing the sign for road closed on South
Seventh Street, but I wonder if there couldn't be a better way of advising
people when Bowen Avenue is closed south of the Bismarck Civic Center.

A sign is placed beyond Front Street, and by then you have to go down to the
Kirkwood Mall and go through its parking lot.

If that sign were placed by Front and Seventh, a person would have the option to
go west on Front and avoid the parking lot where traffic is coming from all
different directions.

Traffic in Bismarck is getting worse day by day, and Ithink this would be a plus
in solving some of that problem.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 6, 1978, Wednesday, Final Edition

Memphis Police Misconduct

BYLINE: From news services and staff reports

SECTION: First Section; Around the Nation; A13

LENGTH: 122 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS


Police misconduct in Memphis is pervasive, uncontrolled and "cause for public
outrage," an arm of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission has reported.

The commission's Tennessee Advisory Committee said in a report on
police-community relations that blacks in Memphis are the victims of the
over-whelming majority of police misconduct.

The report was prepared from hearings conducted in May 1977.  The committee said
the department had shown an "inability and unwillingness" to respond to
allegations of police misconduct.  It said that failure has "logically resulted
in open dissatisfaction, distrust and bitterness from those persons in the
community who have attempted to have the MPD respond to police misconduct
complaints."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 1, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Review Board for Police Setting Off Sharp Debate

BYLINE: By LYNETTE HOLLOWAY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1205 words


Two years ago Rudolph W. Giuliani stood with thousands of raucous officers as
they rallied against creation of an independent civilian board to review
complaints of police misconduct.

Mayor David N. Dinkins created the panel anyway, greatly reducing police
influence on the board, which convened a year ago in July. Now, Mr. Giuliani is
Mayor and he has given the board a reprieve, at least, pledging not to decide
its future until he monitors its effectiveness for a year.

Twice in the last two weeks Mayor Giuliani has reaffirmed that pledge to give
the struggling board a chance to work, surprising some of the panel's most
ardent supporters.

Chairman Appointed

On Friday, during his weekly radio talk show on WABC, the Mayor said he wanted
to see if the board can succeed in its new form. And two weeks ago he appointed
a longtime friend, David M. Zornow, as chairman of the panel.

Mr. Zornow, 39, a partner in a law firm specializing in complex white-collar
crimes, is a former assistant United States Attorney who handled several
high-profile cases, including an investigation of corruption in New York City's
Parking Violations Bureau. He was a Federal prosecutor when Mr. Giuliani was
United States Attorney.

"I think we should work with it to make it work rather than fight old battles,"
the Mayor said in answer to a police officer's called-in complaint that the
board is anti-police. "The Civilian Complaint Review Board should be sensitive
to the balance that's required here."

The Mayor's moves come as board proponents have accused him of trying to
undercut it by proposing to cut its budget 10 percent. The City Council, during
a heated debate, restored most of the money, cutting the budget by only 3
percent, or to $4.9 million.

Hopes for New Strength

While critics say they are suspicious of Mr. Giuliani's intent, they also say
they are hopeful that Mr. Zornow will bring new strength to the board.

Mr. Zornow, who replaces Edward Silver, a former city labor counsel, who
resigned, is to serve a vital role in setting the board's priorities and playing
a part in how it conducts business.

During its first year of operation, the board has hardly made an impression,
although the number of cases it has handled in the last year is up from what its
predecessor panel handled the year before, partly because of the publicity
surrounding the new agency and also because of an investigation of police
corruption, according to the executive director, Hector Soto.

"I don't believe he would have put me in if he was trying to undermine the
board," Mr. Zornow said in an interview last week. "He knows me as a practicing
lawyer and as someone involved in the criminal-justice system. He put me here
because he thinks I can do a good job."

Complaints About Leaks

Earlier this year the board came under heavy criticism for refusing to censure
the Rev. Ruben Diaz, a member who wrote that AIDS could be spread during the Gay
and Lesbian Games, which were held here in June. Last spring during an
investigation of possible police brutality in the death of Ernest Sayon, 22, on
Staten Island, police officials complained that board members were leaking
undocumented information to the press, reducing the panel's credibility among
Police Department investigators.

But Walter Mack, Deputy ommissioner of the Police Department's Internal Affairs
Bureau, said that while a number of issues still needed to be resolved, the
department was committed to working with the board. Mr. Mack, a former Federal
prosecutor who worked with Mr. Zornow at the United States Attorney's office,
also said Mr. Zornow might be able to impress upon board members the importance
of confidentiality.

"I know David and I welcome his expertise to the board," Mr. Mack said. "I'm
sure that he shares my strong views that investigative material is for
investigators out of the limelight and public scrutiny."

Outside of legal circles, Mr. Zornow, a partner at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher
& Flom, is not well known. But those who do know him praised his work. Mr.
Zornow, who is married with three children, gained some national attention when
he served as an independent counsel in the Iran-Contra investigation and on a
three-lawyer prosecution team in the trial of Oliver L. North. He has been a
lawyer for 14 years.

Mr. Zornow declined to comment on past incidents involving the board, saying it
would be inappropriate. But he did say he wanted to be fair in reviewing
complaints against police officers and planned to study the issue of a link
between brutality and corruption. The Mollen Commission, which investigated
police corruption, cited a link in a report in early July.

Mr. Zornow also said that while he has not dealt with matters of police
corruption, he is used to handling complex investigations.

"As the Mayor moves forward in implementing the recommendations of the Mollen
Commission, the board will have to be conscious of working with other agencies,"
Mr. Zornow said. "There's got to be fairness. We must deal with allegations as
they come in, but the board should not permit itself to become an instrument to
unfairly tar officers because someone doesn't like them."

The board has 13 members, appointed by the mayor, and 57 civilian investigators
and subpoena power. Its predecessor, which had the same name, had a board of 6
members appointed by the mayor and 6 members appointed by the police
commissioner, and more than half of its investigators were police officers and
all of them were employees of the department.

Since January the board has received 2,651 complaints against officers, a 20
percent increase over the same time last year, Mr. Soto said. Because the data
were still being analyzed for a report to be issued in about two weeks, he said
he could not say how many complaints have been substantiated against officers.

The panel has a backlog of 4,000 cases, many from the previous board, because of
staff cuts due to budget cuts, Mr. Soto said. Mr. Zornow said he would work with
the Giuiliani administration to improve staffing.

A Polarizing Debate

The creation of the board was one of the city's most polarizing debates. A
police rally on Sept. 27, 1992, the day before the City Council was to begin
hearings on the issue, came to symbolize the depth of the disagreement. More
than 10,000 off-duty officers and their supporters gathered outside City Hall to
protest the Dinkins administration's handing of police issues. A few blocks
away, on Murray Street, Mr. Giuliani, then a candidate, led the crowd in chants.

Because of Mr. Giuliani's past opposition, supporters of the board are wary.

"We will be watching closely," said Councilman Sheldon S. Leffler, who is the
chairman of the Public Safety Committee. "Mr. Zornow appears to be a good
appointment, but the agency needs special attention, and the administration has
not been sympathetic."

Norman Siegel, executive director of the New York Civil Liberties Union, who was
a leader in the battle to create the Civilian Complaint Review Board, said: "I
don't know Zornow, but we've spoken and we plan to cooperate with one another.
But I'm not convinced that the Mayor wants to see it work."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "There's got to be fairness," said David M. Zornow, a lawyer who
is the new head of the independent civilian review board to investigate police
misconduct. (Angel Franco/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Details of alleged misconduct in Wyoming Borough emerge

BYLINE: James Halpin, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Dec. 30--WYOMING -- Specifics regarding allegations of misconduct that resulted
in a whistle-blower retaliation suit involving Wyoming Borough have emerged in
court documents filed Tuesday.

Michael Fuller, an officer for more than 20 years, claims he was targeted after
reporting the borough manager, who is the mayor's girlfriend, engaged in "fixing
a bid" regarding an equipment sale.

Fuller filed suit earlier this month alleging the borough and Mayor Robert J.
Boyer violated his freedom of speech by retaliating against him after he
reported misconduct by borough Manager Tamra Smith. The initial complaint
asserted he had reported "official misconduct" but did not specify what it was.

An amended complaint filed Tuesday alleges that on Aug. 7, Fuller reported Smith
"may have committed wrongdoing/crime by fixing a bid to the Pennsylvania State
Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation."

The suit does not specify what type of equipment sale was taking place.

The suit contends Fuller reported to state police and the FBI that Smith had
spoken with Trooper Bill Schutter and an unnamed FBI agent and that Boyer knew
it.

Within a week, Boyer told Fuller to "be careful who he tells things to," the
complaint says.

Almost immediately, Boyer initiated a "campaign of harassment," the lawsuit
alleges.

In September, Boyer issued Fuller a written warning that he could be disciplined
because of his outside employment, according to the suit, which notes the union
contract does not restrict the number of hours employees can work at other jobs.
Other officers who work similar hours in other areas "have not been similarly
targeted with disciplinary action or harassment," the complaint alleges.

The amended complaint, filed by Pittston attorney Cynthia L. Pollick, comes
after Scranton-based attorney Kathleen A. Walsh filed a motion on behalf of the
borough to dismiss the suit because it failed to specify the alleged misconduct.

"The plaintiff does not state what the 'official misconduct' constituted," Walsh
wrote in a filing earlier this month. "He does not state to whom he reported
this alleged official misconduct, including whether he informed or reported this
to any borough official. He does not state when and how the defendants became
aware of this reporting or of the alleged official misconduct. The defendants
could not have retaliated against the plaintiff if they were unaware of his
alleged speech."

In a response filed along with the amended complaint Tuesday, Pollick argues the
suit should move forward because Fuller contacting the state police and FBI
constituted a protected whistle-blowing activity and that Boyer retaliated
against him because of it.

The lawsuit, which alleges a violation of Fuller's freedom of speech, seeks
cessation of the alleged retribution and punitive damages against Boyer
personally.

570-821-2058, @cvjimhalpin

___ (c)2015 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151230-YC-Details-of-alleged-misconduct
-in-Wyoming-Borough-emerge-1230-20151230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2015 The Citizens' Voice


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 April 14, 2006

Few face censure by agency in US

BYLINE: Jon Marcus

SECTION: Pg. 2 No. 1738

LENGTH: 549  words


Criticism of the US federal agency charged with investigating scientific fraud
is growing as allegations of wrongdoing have reached an all-time high. However,
fewer than one in five cases has led to a formal investigation and only a
handful of cases has led to censure, writes Jon Marcus.

In 2004, the most recent year for which figures are available, the Office of
Research Integrity heard 267 allegations of research misconduct. But the ORI
concluded investigations in 23 cases.

Research misconduct was found in eight cases, and the scientists involved were
barred from receiving federal research money for various lengths of time,
usually three years.

Dissatisfaction with the system, which critics call imperfect, has increased in
the wake of several high-profile cases, including one connected to discredited
Korean researcher Woo Suk Hwang. Dr Hwang faked virtually all the data in two
journal articles purporting to show that it was possible to produce stem cells
from custom-cloned human embryos.

The articles' co-author Gerald Schatten, of the University of Pittsburgh, was
found by his university to have committed "research misbehaviour" as opposed to
"misconduct". The university said that this case was not being investigated by
the ORI because no government funding had been used in the fraudulent research.

Observers also noted that it was rarely in a university's interest to report
misconduct by researchers.

Chris Pascal, ORI director, said that much like congressional committees "an
institution can have a natural preference for not finding research misconduct.
It can lead to embarrassment. It may lose funds."

Offences that were disclosed, Mr Pascal said, were usually reported by "somebody
who is in the laboratory or the department and is familiar with the research
being done so they have enough knowledge to know that something's wrong".

It was just such a situation that led to the ORI's investigation of Xiaowu Li, a
postdoctoral fellow at the University of California, San Francisco.

The inquiry concluded that photographs that he claimed showed human pancreatic
cancer cells were actually of mouse melanoma cells.

Jason Lilly, a postdoctoral fellow at Cornell University, was found to have made
copies of a single image of a genetic assay, altered them and claimed they were
all different assays.

Ali Sultan, an assistant professor at the Harvard School of Public Health, was
discovered to have plagiarised the work of another researcher.

Charles Rudick, a graduate student at Northwestern University, was found to have
altered photos of recorded nerve signals.

ORI investigations typically take six months. These follow reviews by the
relevant university, which take an average of ten months.

"If the ORI reviews the final report of the institution and it does not agree
with it, only then will it conduct some kind of an investigation,"

said Adil Shamoo, University of Maryland professor, editor of the journal
Accountability in Research and a longtime critic of the ORI process.

"The established community does not want the ORI to exist," Professor Shamoo
said. "They accept it because they don't have a choice."

He added: "To me, the best deterrent is education and training, and it doesn't
exist. People are not born knowing what the regulations are and what ethical
norms are."

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 2, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

4 PRIESTS LINKED TO SEX MISDEEDS

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 407 words

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS, April 1


In the last four weeks, four priests in one small Roman Catholic diocese in
southern Illinois have been removed as pastors after accusations of sexual
misconduct that stretch back to the 1960's.

The allegations involve separate incidents in four separate communities. But
they have stunned Catholics in the Belleville Diocese, which reaches across
southern Illinois from the Mississippi River to the Ohio. With 119,000
Catholics, it is the smallest of Illinois's six dioceses, and it has just 140
priests.

In recent years the Catholic Church has been shaken and embarrassed by a wave of
lawsuits accusing priests of sexual misconduct. But seldom has the issue hit a
diocese so hard and so quickly as in Belleville.
 This year the diocese established a board of three priests and five lay people
to deal with allegations of sexual misconduct. Then, in February, The Belleville
News-Democrat published several articles about allegations of sexual abuse
against unidentified priests.

4 Depart in Quick Succession

On March 6, at a parish meeting, it was announced that the Rev. Jerome
Ratermann, 61, had resigned as pastor of Blessed Sacrament Church in Belleville
over allegations of sexual misconduct with minors dating to his tenure as
principal of a Catholic high school in Breese in the 1960's.

Soon afterward, the Rev. James Calhoun, 66, departed as pastor of St. Boniface
Church in Germantown, and the Rev. Robert Vonnahmen, 62, was asked to resign as
pastor of St. Joseph's Church in Elizabethtown.

Late Tuesday afternoon, word quickly spread that a fourth priest, the Rev. David
Crook, 41, was being removed as pastor of St. George Church in New Baden pending
an investigation of an allegation of sexual misconduct with a teen-ager in the
last 10 years.

The priests have been secluded in undisclosed locations outside the diocese and
cannot be reached by reporters for comment. Parish officials say the priests
willingly cooperated with the actions. Bishop James Keleher could not be reached
for comment.

Reactions in the close-knit Catholic community vary from disbelief to
bewilderment to anger. The anger is often aimed at the accusers, who have not
been identified publicly by the diocese or the press, at the press.

"It does seem to fit the season," said a woman on her way to a recent Sunday
Mass at Blessed Sacrament, refusing to give her name. "The priests are being
crucified and this is Lent."

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 30, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK WON'T AID CONTROLLERS, BUT OTHERS WILL

BYLINE: By DAMON STETSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 412 words


New York State has ruled that air traffic controllers who struck last month do
not qualify for unemployment compensation, but Connecticut and New Jersey have
ruled that they do.

Jack Northcutt, a spokesman for the New York State Labor Department, said about
800 people had applied for benefits in New York as a result of the strike, which
began on Aug. 3. But the contro llers w ere disqualified, he said, on the ground
that they had lost their em ployment as a result of misconduct by striking in
violation of Federal law and orders of United States District Courts.

Mr. Northcutt said the state unemployment law also specified that benefit
payments had to be suspended for 49 days if a person's unemployment resulted
from a strike or other industrial controversy where he or she worked.

In Connecticut, the Labor Commissioner, P. Joseph Peraro, ruled that some 75
controllers there were eligible, if still unemployed, for benefits of at least
$140 a week. Connecticut law says unemployment compensation may be denied only
to strikers or those who have been discharged for ''repeated, willful
misconduct,'' according to Richard Ficks, public information director for the
Labor Department.

No 'Willful Misconduct' Seen

Mr. Peraro concluded, Mr. Ficks said, that the traffic controllers had been
dismissed but not for ''repeated, willful misconduct,'' and that they should not
be classified as strikers because they had been discharged from their jobs.

In New Jersey, the Labor Department found that the traffic controllers were
initially on strike but that after the first two days of their walkout they were
dismissed for misconduct. They are now eligible for benefits up to $133 a week,
starting six weeks after they apply, according to Susan Zambito, director of
public relations for the department.

The Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization, the union representing
the controllers, is appealing the New York ruling against the payment of
benefits. The first step in the appeal process, Mr. Northcutt said, is to the
administrative law judge section of the Unemployment Insurance Division.
Following that the appellant may go to the Unemployment Insurance Appeal Board,
and finally to the courts.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Lawyers for inmate accused in Nanticoke correctional officer's slaying say
government hasn't turned over prison staff misconduct records

BYLINE: Roger DuPuis, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 998 words


April 02--Was convicted killer and drug dealer Jessie Con-Ui "an otherwise quiet
and respectful inmate" prior to the 2013 slaying of corrections officer Eric
Williams of Nanticoke at the Canaan Federal Correction Complex?

Did alleged widespread abuse by staff at the prison near Waymart play a role
prior to Williams' brutal stabbing death, of which Con-Ui stands accused?

Attorneys for Con-Ui raised those possibilities in federal court documents filed
Tuesday, in which they say government officials have not yet turned over staff
misconduct records from Canaan, which they argue are needed to prepare Con-Ui's
defense.

The attorneys' filing also included a confidential report, prepared by a defense
investigator, containing allegations of staff misconduct made by more than 40
inmates, who say they observed or suffered physical, verbal and emotional abuse
at Canaan.

Con-Ui, who faces the death penalty, stands accused of killing Williams, 34, in
a premeditated Feb. 25, 2013 attack. According to the indictment, Con-Ui stabbed
Williams with a sharpened weapon and struck him repeatedly.

Tuesday's filing was submitted by defense attorneys Mark Fleming of San Diego,
California, James Swetz of Stroudsburg and David Ruhnke of Montclair, New
Jersey.

Federal prosecutors had not filed a response to the defense as of Wednesday
evening.

Efforts to reach a U.S. Bureau of Prisons (BOP) spokesperson for comment on
allegations of staff misconduct were not immediately successful on Wednesday.

Records battle

Defense lawyers wrote that the government has argued against the release of
staff misconduct records, calling the request "overbroad, irrelevant and
immaterial," adding that the government suggested the release of those records
will not likely lead to information that would significantly aid Con-Ui's case.

Con-Ui's lawyers counter that their client "must be allowed to investigate the
incidents of staff misconduct at USP Caanan to determine whether the prevalence
of misconduct fomented an environment in which an otherwise quiet and respectful
inmate might lose control and lash out violently against a guard."

The defense says statements from other Canaan inmates "provide disturbingly
similar accounts of widespread staff misconduct and mistreatment of inmates,"
who describe "how the conditions created by the staff at USP Canaan led to high
levels of stress, fear and tension in C-Unit at the time of Officer Williams'
death."

They further suggest that such records could assist the court "in determining
whether the information may lead to evidence that, in a penalty phase, might
cause a juror to consider imposing a sentence less than death."

According to an FBI report filed in the case, Con-Ui said "I am sick of all your
people's disrespect," as he was taken from his cell, where he barricaded himself
following the attack.

One of the lieutenants, according to a prisoner identified only as Inmate 34 in
the defense investigator's report, arrived at the scene of Williams' killing and
yelled, "I'm going to kill the mother [expletive] when I find out who did this."

Con-Ui has since been transferred to the U.S. Penitentiary in Florence,
Colorado, according to the Bureau of Prisons website.

Defense attorneys also took aim at statements made by prosecutors during a March
5 conference call, in which they say the government replied that having to
produce five years' worth of staff misconduct records would create undue burden
for the Bureau of Prisons.

The lawyers argue that the government has been ordered to disclose similar
materials in other cases and complied.

Other documents

Tuesday's filing also outlines the status of other requests made by the defense.
Among them:

-- Also unresolved, the defense says, is its request for any reports or notes
generated by the BOP regarding Williams' killing.

"The government insists that no after-action inquiry was conducted by the BOP
after Officer Williams was killed," the defense says, but notes that "this would
be a departure from the normal protocol following the death of a correctional
officer at the hands of an inmate."

"Minutes from a March 19, 2013 meeting with the warden of USP Canaan strongly
suggest that there was an investigation," the defense argues, and "that the
investigation resulted in over one hundred recommendations for changes at the
prison."

As evidence, of this, the lawyers add, the minutes confirm that "changes are
taking place because of what was submitted."

-- The defense says the government has refused to disclose a complete copy of
post-orders for C-Unit.

"The defense must examine the complete post-orders to determine when Officer
Williams last reported to the Control Center and whether the Control Center
followed the correct procedures," the lawyers wrote.

-- The government has not yet disclosed the C-Unit lieutenant logbook for six
months following Williams' death, the defense says.

-- The defense also wants the government to confirm whether any attempt was made
to videotape a meeting between Con-Ui and chaplain Ngozi Osuji at USP Allenwood
within days of the incident.

They also want all notes or emails which include any reference to the meeting,
adding that a March 1, 2013 memorandum prepared by USP Allenwood Warden Donna
Zickefoose directed computer services to "retract an email from [Chaplain] Ngozi
Osuji from all In Boxes and Sent boxes" that pertained to Con-Ui.

Con-Ui was at Canaan serving an 11-year prison sentence stemming from a 2003
guilty plea for his role in a wide-scale drug ring run by the New Mexican mafia.
Following that sentence, he was scheduled to begin serving a life sentence after
pleading guilty in 2008 to first-degree murder.

U.S. District Judge A. Richard Caputo in a directive to last month scheduled the
trial to begin July 11, 2016.

Roger DuPuis may be reached at 570-991-6113 or on Twitter @rogerdupuis2.

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150402-WB-Lawyers-for-inmate-accused-in-Nanticoke-correctional-officer-s-slayi
ng-say-government-hasn-t-turned-over-prison-staff-misconduct
-records-0402-20150402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Justice Department Releases Critical Response Report of San Diego
Police Department's Misconduct Policies and Practices

LENGTH: 587  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

The U.S. Department of Justice's Office of Community Oriented Policing Services
today announced the completion of an assessment of the San Diego Police
Department's policies and practices for preventing, detecting and investigating
misconduct.  The San Diego Police Department volunteered to undergo the review
by the COPS Office following a series of misconduct incidents over the course of
five years.

"Our goal with this report began with identifying deficiencies in policies,
practices, or organizational culture that allowed misconduct to occur and to go
undetected for years in San Diego," said COPS Office Director Ronald Davis.  "We
see this report as a blueprint for reforms, and for building on the reform
efforts already undertaken by former Chief William Lansdowne and Chief Shelley
Zimmerman."

The COPS Office first announced the beginning of the Critical Response Technical
Assistance review in March 2014.  The report focuses on 17 cases of misconduct
over five years and includes a review of how the cases were handled, and of the
department's policies and accountability system.  During the assessment, the
COPS Office's training and technical assistance provider for the assessment, the
Police Executive Research Forum, conducted focus groups and interviews with city
and department stakeholders, community outreach and observed operations.

The report identifies a number of deficiencies in recruiting practices,
supervision and training of officers, accountability systems, and mechanisms for
reviewing citizen complaints and leadership.  The assessment recommends a
comprehensive approach to all aspects of policing that can help prevent
misconduct.  This includes the training and supervision of officers, the
recruitment and selection of new officers, accountability mechanisms, internal
investigations and disciplinary practices.

"We requested and welcomed this assessment from the Department of Justice COPS
Office," said San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman.  "The numerous
recommendations they have made will only help us improve our department and the
proud service we provide to our community."

The report, Critical Response Technical Assistance Review--Police
Accountability: Findings and National Implications of an Assessment of the San
Diego Police Department can be found here:
http://ric-zai-inc.com/ric.php?page=detail&id=COPS-W0756 [external link].

The assessment was administered as part of the COPS Office's Critical Response
Technical Assistance initiative, designed to provide technical assistance to
agencies facing significant law enforcement-related issues.  Using subject
matter experts, interviews and direct observations, as well as conducting
extensive research and analysis, the COPS Office assists law enforcement
agencies with enhancing and improving their policies and procedures, operating
systems and professional culture.

The COPS Office, headed by Director Ronald Davis, is a federal agency
responsible for advancing community policing nationwide.  Since 1995, COPS has
awarded over $14 billion to advance community policing, including grants awarded
to more than 13,000 state, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies to fund
the hiring and redeployment of more than 126,000 officers and provide a variety
of knowledge resource products including publications, training, and technical
assistance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 19, 1986 Wednesday

Blues 5, Red Wings 0

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 570 words


Wamsley stopped 26 shots to improve his record to 7-1 in his past eight
 starts and earn his first shutout as a member of the Blues.

Referee Bob Meyers assessed four misconduct penalties in the game -
 three in the second period - as the Red Wings suffered their fifth
 consecutive defeat.

Gilmour, following up on a shot by defenceman Charlie Bourgeois that
 sailed wide of the net, controlled the rebound and beat Red Wing goalie
 Greg Stefan with a rising wrist shot from the slot at 9:28 of the first
 period to give the Blues a 1-0 lead.

Detroit winger Warren Young's second penalty of the period gave the
 Blues a power play that led to their second goal. After Stefan stopped Ron
 Flockhart's hard shot, Bernie Federko picked up the puck and passed to
 linemate Eddy Beers, who scored from the slot.

Of the 72 penalty minutes handed out by Meyers during the rough- and-
 tumble second period, 46 went to the Blues - including Bruce Bell's 10-
 minute misconduct and Normand Baron's game misconduct. Detroit winger Lane
 Lambert also drew a misconduct penalty during the period, while teammate
 Joe Kocur was ejected from the game with 9:34 left.

The Red Wings, despite having four power-play opportunities in the
 second period, failed to penetrate the Blues' defence while taking 13
 shots on Wamsley.

The victory, capped by three quick third-period goals, gave the Blues a
 4-2-1 edge over the Red Wings in their Central (Norris) Division season
 series.

Rick Meagher and Gino Cavallini added goals for the Blues during the
 third-period outburst.

Meantime, Wamsley's performance improved his career record against the
 Red Wings to 12-1-1 and left him unbeaten while facing Detroit on home
 ice.
 St. Louis 5,
 Detroit 0

At ST. LOUIS, Mo.

First Period

1. St. Louis, Gilmour 15th (Bourgeois), 9:38.

2. St. Louis, Beers 13th (Federko, Flockhart), 15:18 (pp).

Penalties-Probert, Det (roughing), 5:08; Hunter, StL (roughing), 5:08;
 Smith, Det (holding), 7:16; Barrett, Det (charging), 10:04; Carlson, StL
 (roughing), 10:04; Young, Det (roughing), 10:04; Young, Det (tripping),
 14:21; Reeds, StL (hooking), 17:30.

Second Period

Scoring-None.

Penalties-Pavese, StL (hooking), 3:17; Barrett, Det (elbowing), 6:09;
 Nattress, StL (holding), 9:17; Pavese, StL, double minor (high-sticking-
 roughing), 11:11; Kocur, Det (elbowing), 11:11; Gallant, Det (roughing),
 14:37; Snepts, Det, double minor (holding-roughing), 14:37; Lambert, Det,
 major-misconduct (fighting), 14:37; Ramage, StL (roughing), 14:37; Hunter,
 StL, double minor (roughing- holding), 14:37; Bell, StL, major-misconduct
 (fighting), 14:37; Probert, Det (high-sticking), 14:52; Baron, StL, double
 minor, game misconduct (hooking-spearing), 16:56; Kisio, Det (tripping),
 18:44.

Third Period

3. St. Louis, Meagher 5th (Carlson, Reeds), 4:07.

4. St. Louis, Gilmour 16th, 5:40.

5. St. Louis, Cavallini 8th (Barr, Ramage), 6:18.

Penalties-Kocur, Det (high- sticking), 1:39; Ramage, StL (high-
 sticking), 1:39; Larson, Det (holding), 7:28; Kocur, Det, major-
 misconduct, (fighting), 10:26; Pavese, StL, major (fighting), 10:26;
 Carlson, StL, major (fighting), 12:02; Probert, Det, minor-major
 (roughing-fighting), 12:02.

Shots on goal
 Detroit                                                       7 13 6-26
 St. Louis                                                     9  8 9-26

Goaltenders-Detroit, Stefan; Laforest. St. Louis, Wamsley.

Attendance-10,244.

Referee-Bob Meyers. Linesmen-Ryan Bozak, Mark Vines.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 6, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Issue of Juror's Misconduct Is Raised by Simpson Judge

BYLINE: By KENNETH B. NOBLE,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 12;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 597 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5


The O. J. Simpson murder trial was thrown into confusion today when Judge Lance
A. Ito of Los Angeles Superior Court disclosed that at least one of the 12
jurors selected in the case might be dismissed for misconduct.

Judge Ito did not disclose the nature of the misconduct, but he set a hearing on
the matter for Thursday.

"Each side has to take into account the fact that we may lose some of the
originals; we may not," Judge Ito said as the selection of alternate jurors
continued.

Marcia Clark, the chief prosecutor, also raised such a specter as she and
defense lawyers discussed a schedule for new hearings, saying "We may be losing
someone from our panel of 12."

In another development, Judge Ito postponed the start of a DNA admissibility
hearing scheduled for next Monday. The hearing will now be delayed at least
until early January, and perhaps later.

With the DNA hearings delayed, and possible juror misconduct clouding the
outcome of the jury-selection process, opening arguments in the case are not
likely to begin until February at the earliest.

The decision to postpone the DNA hearings came after a defense lawyer, Peter
Neufeld, announced today that he was abandoning efforts to free himself from
participating in a New York police murder trial.

Mr. Neufeld was expected to be one of the main experts on the use of DNA blood
typing, and other lawyers on Mr. Simpson's defense team have maintained that he
was needed for Monday's evidentiary hearing.

But this morning Mr. Neufeld's lawyer, William Kunstler, told The Associated
Press that further appeals would be fruitless.

Mr. Neufeld's decision is the latest chapter in what has become a bicoastal
legal feud involving Judge Ito, Mr. Simpson's lawyers and several state and
Federal judges.

A week ago, in a stormy exchange in New York State Criminal Court in Manhattan,
Judge Harold Rothwax accused Mr. Neufeld of misstating the facts.

Judge Rothwax said further that he had already given Mr. Neufeld a two-month
adjournment in the New York case so that Mr. Neufeld could take part in the DNA
hearings in the Simpson case. The judge recounted that Mr. Neufeld had given his
assurance, "as a man of honor," that he would be ready to go to trial on the
case even if the DNA hearings in the Simpson matter were not finished.

In his reply, the lawyer called the judge "shameful."Judge Rothwax then warned
that he would put Mr. Neufeld in jail for contempt if he did not vacate the
courtroom.

What apparently prompted Mr. Neufeld's anger was the judge's assertion that the
lawyer wanted to make his "fame and fortune" in the Simpson trial.

"That's a lie!" Mr. Neufeld shouted back.

Mr. Neufeld's efforts to participate in the Simpson case received a further blow
last Friday when Federal District Judge Kevin Thomas Duffy, in New York, turned
down his appeal.

Judge Duffy wrote that Mr. Neufeld's position in the New York case "is no
different than that of any other lawyer who undertakes the defense of a criminal
case and then finds a more interesting or lucrative matter presented."

The judge said he had no jurisdiction to allow Mr. Neufeld to remove himself as
the lawyer for Pedro Gil, 23, who is charged with killing a New York City police
officer by dropping a bucket of plaster from a rooftop while the police were
towing illegally parked cars.

This afternoon Robert L. Shapiro, the leader of Mr. Simpson's defense team,
suggested that the start of the hearings, which are expected to take at least a
month, be delayed until Jan. 4. Ms. Clark, the lead prosecutor, did not object.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Official misconduct charges faced by cops

LENGTH: 423  words


The case in Essex County Superior Court on Monday of a Newark police captain and
former officer, who are facing charges of conspiracy and official misconduct,
showup.

It was emphasized that Anthony Buono, 60, of Millstone, and Dino D`Elia, 49, of
Nutley, in April on charges of conspiracy, computer theft, disclosing data,
official misconduct and a pattern of official misconduct. The charges were a
result of a seven-month investigation by the Newark Police Department`s Internal
Affairs Unit and the Essex County Prosecutor`s Office.

Buono appeared Monday with his attorney Alan Zegas, and D`Elia appeared with
attorney Eric Feinberg. Essex County Assistant Prosecutor Walter Dirkin
represented the state.

Feinberg indicated that he was missing an audio statement and was still looking
for evidence that can reference conversations, etc., related to the charges. He
also told Superior Court Judge Michael Ravin that he was looking for pictures
and noted that an affidavit was missing.

Ravin gave both attorneys until Friday, Aug. 26, to file their pre-trial
intervention motions and appeals. Feinberg told Ravin that he will submit
paperwork on time and stated, "D`Elia`s a great guy."

In June 2015, Buono and D`Elia were accused of obtaining information on
approximately 900 people and selling each set for $100 to third parties.

According to Ravin, the state is looking to object to Buono`s pre-trial
intervention request. Ravin told Zegas that he needs to write the prosecutor as
soon as possible, explaining why his client should be admitted to PTI.

"We`re going to move this case like we move all the cases," the judge said.

D`Elia pleaded not guilty to charges of computer theft and conspiracy on June
24, 2015, in Newark Municipal Court.

According to Dirkin, these are second-degree charges. The last plea offer on
Buono was for five years, and there are negotiations pertaining to D`Elia`s
sentence.

Deputy Chief Assistant Prosecutor Dirkin alleged that both former officers
accessed a database used to investigate insurance fraud. It was also alleged
they obtained names, addresses and other information shared by law enforcement.

The April indictment alleged the offenses began in August 2012 and ended on June
16, 2015, when they were charged.

Ravin asked D`Elia, who was walking with a cane, if he had neck surgery yet.
D`Elia replied no, explaining he had other complications. The judge told D`Elia
that he hopes he feels better.

There is a status conference which is posed to happen on 6 September, Tuesday.
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Washington:Report Finds Prosecutorial Misconduct and Secrecy at Justice
Department

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Washington


Project On Government Oversight, Inc. has issued the following news release:

Over the last 12 years, hundreds of federal prosecutors and other Department of
Justice (DOJ) employees have been involved in professional misconduct, including
misleading courts, withholding evidence that could have helped defendants,
abusing their power and violating constitutional rights, according to a new
report by the Project On Government Oversight.

The records, which POGO obtained through the Freedom of Information Act,
governmentattic.org and DOJ's Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR), show
that from fiscal year 2002 through fiscal year 2013, OPR documented more than
650 infractions, including more than 400 that OPR categorized as intentional or
reckless.

But the public would be hard-pressed to know which Justice Department attorneys
have crossed ethical or legal lines because OPR, as a matter of policy, doesn't
release identifying information in its reports.

"The lack of transparency insulates the Justice Department from meaningful
public scrutiny," said Danielle Brian, POGO's executive director. "Our findings
raise serious concerns that the Attorney General's Office isn't aggressively
overseeing or disciplining its bad apples."

POGO's report includes the following recommendations to improve transparency and
accountability at the Justice Department:

Notifying relevant state bar authorities of prosecutorial misconduct.
    Posting findings of professional misconduct online for public inspection,
including details of wrongdoing and what corrective and disciplinary actions
were taken.
    Empowering the DOJ Office of the Inspector General to investigate misconduct
by DOJ attorneys.

A bipartisan bill introduced today by Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) would address one
of those recommendations by amending federal law to give the DOJ Inspector
General jurisdiction to investigate allegations of wrongdoing against DOJ
attorneys. Sens. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa), Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and Jon
Tester (D-Mont.) are co-sponsors.

Under current law, the DOJ's Inspector General must turn cases of wrongdoing
over to the Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility. The IG
has far more independence than does OPR and should not be prevented from
conducting oversight of any misconduct at DOJ.

"The rules that apply to inspectors general in other federal agencies should
apply at the Department of Justice," said Sen. Lee, who sits on the Senate
Judiciary Committee. "Placing this responsibility under the OIG increases
government transparency and ensures that instances of abuse will be handled in a
timely and responsible manner."

Sen. Tester, chairman of the Senate subcommittee that oversees the federal
workforce and federal programs, added: "Inspectors General are true watchdogs
who save taxpayer dollars and help deliver better services to Americans. This
bill is a common-sense measure that makes sure taxpayers are getting the level
of service they expect and increases oversight of an agency that has enormous
powers under the Patriot Act."

For a quick take on the report, check out our infographic below or you can read
the full report.

For further information please visit: http://www.pogo.org

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 21, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Survival of the fittest ideas Churchill review spurs debate on policing scholars
While some say the panel was biased, others say the test of time is what usually
filters out bad scholarship.

BYLINE: Jennifer Brown Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 882 words


An Indian geologist at the top of his field is accused by another scientist of
buying fossils at flea markets and pretending he discovered them in the
Himalayas, throwing into question the age of life in the Nepalese mountains.

A South Korean scientist is charged with fraud after a colleague uncovers faked
stem-cell research.

And a history professor at Emory University in Atlanta resigns on fabrication
charges after scholars challenge his book, applauded by gun-control advocates
because it claimed few early Americans owned firearms.

In the competitive world of academic inquiry, faculty researchers typically
rally to kick bad scholarship out of their discipline, experts in academic
misconduct said last week.

Some predicted that the work of University of Colorado professor Ward Churchill,
who was found by a faculty committee to have plagiarized, fabricated and
falsified material, could fade to footnotes in publications about academic
misconduct.

"It's kind of a natural correction," said Peter Hoffer, a University of Georgia
history professor who has written a book on fraud. "As long as we have free
inquiry, then the good scholarship will drive out the bad."

Others, meanwhile, criticize the review conducted by the committee, saying CU
was looking for an excuse to fire Churchill for his radical views.

Among Churchill's assertions is that EuroAmericans and the U.S. government
intentionally introduced smallpox to American Indians, including giving them
infected blankets near Fort Clark along the Missouri River.

Churchill cited other writers, but those sources were falsified because they did
not back his claims, the committee investigating his work found.

Churchill's attorney, David Lane, said CU is retaliating against Churchill
because of his essay comparing some Sept. 11, 2001, victims to a Nazi. He said
he is likely to file a federal lawsuit against the university if administrators
fire or suspend Churchill.

Lane disputes that Churchill committed misconduct, saying the professor's
historical interpretation is simply different from the committee's version.

"Right-wing witch hunt"

Churchill has other defenders as well. For instance, John K. Wilson, an author
and founder of a website on academic freedom, accused the committee of
"stretching the meaning of research misconduct far beyond its true definition."

"The Colorado committee is opening the door to a vast new right-wing witch hunt
on college campuses that conservatives could easily exploit across the country,"
he wrote in an essay posted on insidehighered.com.

Churchill has not responded to requests for comment.

Historical sociologist Thomas Brown of Lamar University is among those leading
the charge to debunk Churchill's work.

The committee found "gross historical inaccuracies" in Churchill's
interpretation of an 1887 law known as the Dawes Act, which Churchill said
imposed a "eugenics code" on Indians by requiring a certain amount of Indian
blood to get land. Churchill's cited sources contradicted his blood quantum
claim, the committee said.

The misinterpretation has perpetuated because other writers have cited
Churchill, Brown said. He predicted "a host of people" who read polemic American
Indian literature will continue to cite Churchill "just because they like the
sound of what he is saying."

Brown said he is less concerned about Churchill's assertion that the government
purposefully spread smallpox to Indians because those rumors already existed.

The American Association of University Professors expects faculty members who
have plagiarized or fabricated to retract their work. "The clearest and the
cleanest thing is if the author simply apologizes and says, 'This is what I did
wrong,"' said Martin Snyder, the AAUP's director of external relations.

Still, Snyder and others said, books and journals based on erroneous material
sometimes sit on shelves for years. It often falls on fellow scholars in the
discipline - not the author or publisher - to correct work they believe is
inaccurate, they said.

"It is kind of a marketplace of ideas where good ideas will drive out the bad
ideas," he said. "It should stimulate scholars - not only for their disciplines
but for larger scholarly reasons - to set the record right."

Bloggers take on case

Scholars already have begun to stir, posting comments on Internet blogs about
the seriousness of the Churchill case, said John Lesko, a Saginaw Valley State
University linguistics professor and editor of a journal called "Plagiary."

"You can't deny there are political aspects to this case here, but when you have
such egregious offenses, you have to open your eyes and take a stand against
this," Lesko said. "That's all part of the nature of the debate and the dialogue
within academic scholarly communities."

Although several academics have questioned the origin of the Churchill
investigation, others praised the committee's thoroughness.

Snyder said he hoped people would see past the politics and digest the gravity
of the 124-page findings.

"The reaction that people should have is that despite all the hoopla, the system
works pretty well," Snyder said. "The people in the profession have the guts and
the intelligence and the systems in place to deal with it."

Staff writer Jennifer Brown can be reached at 303-820-1593 or
jenbrown@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 22, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Justice Dept. Sues Police in Ohio City

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: COLUMBUS, Ohio, Oct. 21


The Justice Department sued the Columbus Police Department today, accusing it of
a pattern of civil rights abuses that included excessive force, false arrests
and improper searches.

The Government said it reviewed more than 300 complaints before making Columbus
only the third city to be threatened with a lawsuit by the department's Civil
Rights Division under a 1994 Federal law.

The two other cities, Steubenville, Ohio, and Pittsburgh, reached agreements
promising to solve problems.

The Columbus suit demands improvements in the training and supervision of
officers, and the investigation of civilian complaints.

The Justice Department accused the police of falsely arresting or charging
people who saw police misconduct or were believed likely to complain of
misconduct.

Janet Jackson, the city lawyer, said the Justice Department could not prove a
pattern of abusive conduct. William Capretta, president of the police union,
said it was willing to negotiate a settlement, but opposed Federal oversight.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company
