
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: SBI finds no wrongdoing in mishandling of evidence

BYLINE: F.T. Norton, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 191 words


Sept. 10--WILMINGTON -- An SBI investigation into the mishandling of evidence at
the Wilmington Police Department has found there was no criminal misconduct,
according to a news release from the WPD.

Wilmington Police Chief Ralph Evangelous and the District Attorney's Office made
the request for the investigation last month after an internal review of the
agency's Crime Scene Investigations Unit turned up several fingerprints that had
not been properly cataloged.

"The District Attorney's Office is satisfied that no crimes were committed and
no cases were affected by any evidence mishandling that was the subject of the
review. The Crime Scene Investigations Unit is responsible for processing and
collecting evidence in criminal investigations," the release states.

While the state's investigation is completed, the WPD's internal investigation
continues, spokeswoman Linda Rawley said. She said thus far no personnel action
has been taken.

Check back later for more on this developing story.

___ (c)2015 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150910-WG-BRF-SBI-finds-no-wrongdoing-in-mishandling
-of-evidence-0910-20150910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2015 Morning Star


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            April 25, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Former CIA boss pleads guilty to mishandling top-secret materials

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. A014

LENGTH: 430  words


Former CIA boss pleads guilty to mishandling top-secret materials David Petraeus
and Paula Broadwell, in a photo from the International Security Assistance
Force.

!

Former United States military commander and CIA director David Petraeus was
sentenced to two years' probation and ordered to pay a $US100,000 ($128,000)
fine but was spared being sent to prison after pleading guilty to mishandling
classified information.

The retired four-star general apologised as he admitted in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, to giving the information to his mistress, who was
writing his biography.

He agreed under a plea deal to a misdemeanour charge of unauthorised removal and
retention of classified material.

US Magistrate Judge David Keesler said the fine needed to be high to be punitive
and reflect the gravity of the offence. "This constitutes a serious lapse of
judgment," Justice Keesler said during the hour-long hearing.

The guilty plea ended an embarrassing chapter for a man described in letters to
the court as one of the finest military leaders of his generation.

General Petraeus, 62, a counter- insurgency expert with a Princeton University
doctorate, served stints as the top US commander in the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan and was once considered a possible vice-presidential or presidential
candidate.

He resigned from the CIA in 2012 after it was revealed that he was having an
affair with his biographer, Army Reserve officer Paula Broadwell. As part of an
agreement with prosecutors, he agreed to admit that he improperly removed and
retained highly sensitive information in eight personal notebooks that he gave
to Major Broadwell to read.

The deal angered FBI agents who worked on the lengthy investigation and who
thought General Petraeus should have been treated more harshly because of the
information in the notebooks and what they considered his lack of candour.When
FBI agents confronted him in his CIA office in October 2012, General Petraeus
denied he had provided classified information to Major Broadwell, prosecutors
said. Making a false statement to a federal law enforcement agent during an
investigation is a felony, a crime punishable by up to five years in prison.

It is unclear whether the guilty plea will affect General Petraeus' security
clearances or his access to the White House, where he has advised senior
administration officials on how to combat the Islamic State.

The FBI began investigating General Petraeus after Major Broadwell sent
threatening emails to Florida woman Jill Kelley, who knew the general from his
days in Tampa. Reuters

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 25, 2013 Tuesday

Yoakum attorney pleads guilty to mishandling client's money; loses law license

BYLINE: Sonny Long, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 438 words


June 25--Yoakum attorney Charles J. Kvinta Jr. has pleaded guilty to mishandling
an elderly client's money.

The official charge is misapplication of fiduciary property of an elderly
person, a first degree felony.

Kvinta, an attorney since 1985, entered into a plea agreement Wednesday in Cuero
that avoided a grand jury indictment and a trial, according to 24th Judicial
District Court documents.

He will be formally sentenced Aug. 1. He is free on a $20,000 personal
recognizance bond.

The terms of the plea bargain include 45 days in jail, a $5,000 fine and 500
hours of community service, according to court documents.

Kvinta must surrender his law license by Aug. 1.

He also must pay restitution to the woman, Nettie Steen, though the amount was
not spelled out in the terms of the plea bargain on file at the district clerk's
office.

Kvinta will also be on probation for six years.

He could have been sentenced to between five and 99 years in prison if the plea
agreement had not been reached and he had been found guilty.

The charge stems from an October 2010 check made out to Steen from GeoSouthern
Energy for $166,143 that was deposited into a Kvinta, Kvinta and Kvinta law firm
trust account and never transferred to Steen.

DeWitt County District Attorney Michael Sheppard recused himself from the case
because of his professional relationship with Kvinta.

Shane Attaway, assistant attorney general in the White Collar Crime and Public
Integrity Section, represented the state for the Attorney General's Office.

Earlier this month, a civil suit involving Kvinta, his law firm and Steen was
settled in Lavaca County.

The suit claimed Kvinta "fraudulently induced (Steen) to enter into" agreements
to sell 110.762 acres of land and lease the mineral rights.

The suit also alleged Kvinta "misappropriated (Steen's) personal funds."

As part of the settlement Kvinta and his firm were ordered to pay $500,000 to
Steen.

"It was an unfortunate situation, and we are glad we were able to help Mrs.
Steen," said Austin attorney Rick Leeper, who along with Dicky Grigg represented
Steen.

Kvinta submitted his resignation as Yoakum city attorney June 12, said city
manager Kevin Coleman.

The City Council met in a special called meeting June 18 to accept the
resignation and review options for city legal services moving forward, Coleman
said.

The Advocate was unable to reach Kvinta for comment. His attorney in the
criminal case, Van Hilley, of San Antonio, did not return telephone calls.

___ (c)2013 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130625-VI-Yoakum-attorney-pleads-guilty-to-mishandling
-client-s-money-loses-law-license-0625-20130625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2013 Victoria Advocate


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Public comment sought on UGI mishandling of gas leak

BYLINE: David Falchek, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Aug. 29--The public will have the chance to weigh in on an unprecedented
proposed $1 million penalty the state Public Utility Commission wants to levy on
UGI Penn Natural Gas over a mishandling of a gas leak that had the potential to
cause a catastrophic explosion in Wilkes-Barre Township in April and May of
2012.

If levied, the settlement will be the largest in PUC history, exceeding a
$990,000 fine levied against HSS Vending for payphone overcharges in 1998. UGI
may not use money from customers to pay the fine.

In addition to the fine, UGI is being asked to maintain a computer tracking of
leak surveys and turn over to regulators detailed information about its pipeline
network. UGI would also have to hire third parties to monitor its leak repairs
and conduct a management audit.

The commissioners Thursday voted to seek public comment on the settlement, but
none made or issued comments of their own, said commission spokesperson Jennifer
Kocher.

UGI is already on thin ice with the commission. The Reading-based utility drew
the ire of the commission in January for safety shortfalls that resulted in
death after a 2011 explosion in Allentown. PUC Chairman Robert F. Powelson
railed against UGI, calling its compliance and safety record "patently
unacceptable" and "downright alarming," and alluded to the commission's ultimate
power: revoking UGI's permission to operate as a utility.

Any member of the public may review or comment on the proposed settlement by
visiting www.puc.pa.gov or by mail to PUC, P.O. Box 3265, Harrisburg, PA 17105,
and referencing docket M-2013-2338981. The comment period will be 20 days.

The commission's independent Bureau of Investigation and Enforcement looked into
the matter of the Route 309 leak after a whistle-blower who claimed to be a UGI
employee contacted federal authorities alluding to a potential "cover-up."
Investigators allege that UGI-PNG was not compliant with state and federal
regulations, knowingly conducting inadequate repairs, and not properly
monitoring the leak. Under the settlement, UGI does not admit any wrongdoing.

UGI said in a statement it already began to put into place a number of the
provisions outlined in the settlement.

"UGI-PNG is committed to its ongoing efforts to further enhance the safety and
reliability of the company's facilities and practices," the statement read.

The company was already under orders from the commission to replace all of its
unprotected steel pipe, like the one that runs along Route 309, within 30 years.

dfalchek@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2013 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130829-YC-Public-comment-sought-on-UGI-mishandling
-of-gas-leak-0829-20130829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2013 The Citizens' Voice


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 20, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

CHARGES DROPPED AGAINST CHAPLAIN

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 19


The military said Friday night that it was dropping all charges, including one
of mishandling classified information, against Capt. James J. Yee, the former
Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

The case against Captain Yee, who officials once suggested was part of an
espionage ring, had become a lingering embarrassment for the Pentagon.

In a statement released from the United States Southern Command in Miami, the
military said it did not want to proceed with a trial on the charge of
mishandling classified data because to do so could expose sensitive evidence to
public view.

The remaining charges of adultery and possession of pornography against Captain
Yee were also dropped. But he will have to face an administrative hearing on
those accusations, and he could be penalized by having an official rebuke placed
in his record.

The resolution of the case means that Captain Yee will not have to face an Army
court-martial. At the same time, the military did not affirmatively clear him of
the charge of mishandling classified data, but said it chose not to prosecute
only to protect sensitive documents.

His lawyer, Eugene R. Fidell of Washington, said the resolution demonstrated
that Captain Yee had prevailed in his fight.

''This represents a long overdue vindication,'' Mr. Fidell said.

He added, however, that Captain Yee was still owed an apology, and he suggested
that the Army was simply trying to sweep its mistakes under the rug by asserting
that it dropped the charge of mishandling classified documents to keep
information from becoming public.

Mr. Fidell said there was no reason that a trial could not have been conducted,
as the lawyers for both sides had high security clearances and no information
needed to have been publicly exposed.

Captain Yee was arrested on Sept. 10 at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville,
Fla., on suspicion of espionage after customs inspectors had found papers in his
luggage that they said were suspicious and might have had classified
information. Officials first suggested his participation in a plot to infiltrate
the base and told his lawyers that they might seek the death penalty.

But gradually the case fell apart. He was charged with transporting classified
information without a required secure container -- far less serious than
espionage -- and placed in solitary confinement in a naval brig for nearly three
months while the military completed its investigation.

When the investigation finished and he was released, the only new charges
against him involved keeping pornography on his government computer and having
an extramarital affair, both violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

In its statement on Friday night, the military said Maj. Gen. Geoffrey D. Miller
of the Army, commander of the Guantanamo detention center, had decided to
dismiss the charge of mishandling classified information because of ''national
security concerns that would arise from the release of the evidence.''

In doing so, General Miller rejected Captain Yee's proposal to undergo a
debriefing with a polygraph examiner on the question of how he might have dealt
with classified material in exchange for an honorable discharge. The military's
statement said Captain Yee was expected to return soon to his home unit at Fort
Lewis, Wash.

At Guantanamo, where more than 600 detainees are being held, Captain Yee
ministered to the detainees, most captured at the end of the Afghanistan
conflict. He arranged for the Muslim call to prayer to be played over the sound
system of the center five times a day and for meals to be served outside the
fasting hours for Ramadan.

Captain Yee graduated from West Point in 1990 and converted to Islam after he
had left the Army. He returned later as a chaplain.

Army officials suggested in December at a hearing at Fort Benning, Ga., that he
had documents relating to the detainees. Since his arrest, the detainees have
not had a Muslim chaplain. Officials say they minister to their own religious
needs.

At the preliminary hearing in December, prosecutors were unsure of whether the
materials in Captain Yee's luggage were even classified. Most of the initial
session was taken up with the charges of adultery as prosecutors brought in a
Navy officer who testified in detail about her intimate relationship with
Captain Yee at Guantanamo.

The case was repeatedly postponed, ostensibly to provide an opportunity to
review the materials to see whether they were classified. But the delays also
provided an opportunity to negotiate a settlement.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Capt. James J. Yee at a hearing in December at Fort Benning, Ga.
(Photo by Getty Images)(pg. A9)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            February 6, 2017 Monday

US Patent granted to Union Tool Exporters, Ltd (TW) on February 02, titled as
'MULTIPOINT LOCKING DOOR HARDWARE'

LENGTH: 232 words

DATELINE: New York



 ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent
no. 20170030112, on February 02 2017, to Union Tool Exporters, Ltd (TW), titled
as 'MULTIPOINT LOCKING DOOR HARDWARE'



 Inventors: Kane; Paul H.; (Kennoway, Fife, Scotland, UK)



 Assignee: Union Tool Exporters, Ltd (TW)



 According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: 'A
lock system includes an active panel center gearbox. The active panel center
gearbox includes a deadbolt, a deadbolt drive to extend or retract the deadbolt,
an upper drive assembly, a lower drive assembly, a latch bolt, a handle assembly
to retract the latch bolt and to extend or retract the lower and the upper
driver assemblies, a reverse action rocker coupling the lower and the upper
drive assemblies so they move in different directions, a mishandling bolt, and a
mishandling plate. When the mishandling bolt extends, it lowers the mishandling
plate. When the mishandling plate lowers, it engages the deadbolt to prevent the
deadbolt from extending, it engages the handle assembly to prevent the lower
drive assembly from extending, and it engages the reverse action rocker to
prevent the upper drive assembly from extending.'



 The patent was filed on December 19, 2014 Application no. 15/104725



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

MISCONDUCT AT CITIZENS

BYLINE: TOLUSE OLORUNNIPA

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 954 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Investigators fired by the state insurer had uncovered extensive
problems, a report says.


The corporate watchdogs who were recently fired from Citizens Property Insurance
Corp. had uncovered evidence of favoritism, improper compensation and poorly
handled investigations at the highest levels of the state-run company.

A report reviewed Friday by Citizens' Audit Committee shows that one of the
final investigations conducted by Citizens' Office of Corporate Integrity
targeted top senior officials at the company. The four corporate watchdogs were
investigating how Citizens had handled previous allegations of sexual
harassment, drunken disrobing, irregular severance payments, falsified documents
and other improprieties by employees.

All four investigators were given termination notices last month.

The report released Friday "focused on the mishandling of investigations, the
mishandling of discipline and the mishandling of Citizens' funds," said chief
internal auditor Joe Martins, who recently decided that the Office of Corporate
Integrity was no longer needed at Citizens.

The investigation by the now-terminated employees found that, among other
things, Citizens:

- Gave large severance packages to some top employees accused of misconduct,
including more than $80,000 to an underwriting executive who resigned after
being accused of "inappropriate behavior" with another employee.

- Gave only a warning to its deputy director of human resources after she got
drunk at the Coyote Ugly bar in Ybor City, removed her bra and danced on top of
a table during a company retreat.

- Failed to complete certain investigations or did not file them into the
official complaint system, potentially shielding them from public view. Certain
employees were shown favoritism after they were discovered breaking company
policy.

Citizens declined to respond to several followup questions about the various
allegations, stating that more public records would be released on Monday.

The state-run insurer disbanded its Office of Corporate Integrity abruptly in
October, terminating all four members and presenting them with confidentiality
agreements. The move sparked rebuke from outside groups, state lawmakers and
Gov. Rick Scott.

The reports of corporate excess and impropriety come at a time when Citizens is
raising insurance rates on homeowners and slashing coverage in order to reduce
risk on the 1.4 million policies it insures.

Citizens said the move to terminate the four investigators - T.W. Smart, Selisa
Daniel, Melanie Yopp and Meghan Walker - was actually a restructuring effort
aimed at beefing up its fraud detection system and "avoiding unnecessary
redundancies." The company is currently looking to hire new fraud detectors.

The report reviewed Friday is the first evidence of what the Citizens
investigators were doing shortly before they were told their services were no
longer needed.

In March, an anonymous tipster complained that Citizens had mishandled internal
investigations, spent funds on improper severance agreements and shown
favoritism to certain employees engaged in misconduct. The accusations
implicated some of the highest-ranking executives at the multibillion-dollar
insurer.

OCI, which was led by a former economic crimes investigator and an agent with
the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, was brought in to investigate.

A five-page report issued by Martins summarizes the findings of OCI's inquiry in
broad terms, omitting many specific details.

Though members of the Office of Corporate Integrity spent months conducting the
investigation, their names are not listed on the final report. Martins, whose
name is on the report, played a major role in dismantling the OCI.

Internal emails at Citizens indicate that Martins' final report was not as
comprehensive as the report drafted by OCI before it was disbanded. It is
unclear what information gathered by OCI was left out of Martins' report.

"It looks like the Integrity Office investigation is being swept under the rug,"
said Dan Krassner, executive director of Integrity Florida, which advocates for
tougher ethics laws. "Citizens gagged their now-terminated watchdogs with
confidentiality agreements, so the public is still just hearing one side of the
story."

While Martins' report does not name any of the employees involved in the
allegations, other reports reveal the names of several top officials involved in
various improprieties. Some have since resigned.

A few examples:

- Susanne Murphy, Citizens' chief administration officer, was accused of
practicing law without being licensed in Florida. While one report indicated
some accusations against her were "unsubstantiated," she resigned abruptly in
August.

- Citizens' director of human resources, Gena Buonamici, and general counsel Dan
Sumner both led departments accused of showing favoritism to employees within
their units. Both are still with the company.

- Citizens' former director of underwriting, Joe Bouthillier, was accused of
getting drunk during a Key West business retreat and sexually harassing a
co-worker. He resigned abruptly, days before he was to be questioned by OCI.

The news of large severance payments to departing employees comes as Citizens
has a record $6 billion on hand due to Florida's seven-year streak of no
hurricanes. The company is under investigation for using corporate cash to fund
lavish business trips for executives, including $600-a-night hotel stays.

Citizens also is facing scrutiny as it considers shifting $350 million to
private companies in the form of low-interest loans.

The improprieties announced Friday add to the swirl of controversy engulfing the
state-run insurer of last resort.

"Legislators may want to consider oversight changes for Citizens beyond the
rubber stamp board (of directors), to hold them accountable," said Krassner.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Union Tool Exporters, Ltd. applies for US Patent titled as "MULTIPOINT LOCKING
DOOR HARDWARE"

LENGTH: 212 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20170030112 for US Patent, published on February 2, 2017, by
Union Tool Exporters, Ltd., titled as "MULTIPOINT LOCKING DOOR HARDWARE"  for
the registration of patent.



Inventors: Kane; Paul H.; (Kennoway, Fife, Scotland, UK)

Applicant: Union Tool Exporters, Ltd.   Taipei    TW

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
lock system includes an active panel center gearbox. The active panel center
gearbox includes a deadbolt, a deadbolt drive to extend or retract the deadbolt,
an upper drive assembly, a lower drive assembly, a latch bolt, a handle assembly
to retract the latch bolt and to extend or retract the lower and the upper
driver assemblies, a reverse action rocker coupling the lower and the upper
drive assemblies so they move in different directions, a mishandling bolt, and a
mishandling plate. When the mishandling bolt extends, it lowers the mishandling
plate. When the mishandling plate lowers, it engages the deadbolt to prevent the
deadbolt from extending, it engages the handle assembly to prevent the lower
drive assembly from extending, and it engages the reverse action rocker to
prevent the upper drive assembly from extending."


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

FBI: Found classified files on biographer's computers

BYLINE: Michael Gordon

SECTION: MAIN; A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 446  words



HIGHLIGHT: Former CIA chief David Petraeus pleaded guilty to mishandling
government documents.Linda Davidson/The Washington Post


CHARLOTTE, N.C. - FBI agents found hundreds of classified documents on Paula
Broadwell's home computers in Charlotte during their investigation into her
relationship with then-CIA Director David Petraeus, according to newly unsealed
FBI documents obtained by the Charlotte Observer.

More than 300 of those documents were classified as secret, according to a 2013
FBI affidavit accompanying the agency's request to search Petraeus' Arlington,
Va., home.

The documents, which were unsealed Tuesday by the U.S. District Court in Eastern
Virginia, offer new details of the sweeping federal investigation into the
relationship between Broadwell, a Charlotte author, and Petraeus, a highly
decorated military commander, the subject of Broadwell's book as well as her
former lover.

The probe uncovered their affair, revealed their mishandling of classified
documents and led to Petraeus' resignation as head of the CIA. Last year,
Petraeus pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling government
documents and was fined $100,000.

Broadwell, the author of Petraeus' biography, was never charged.

Broadwell did not respond Wednesday morning to a phone message and email seeking
comment. Jacob Sussman, a member of Petraeus' defense team during his plea
hearing, also could not be reached.

The documents, partially redacted, have been sealed for more than three years.

At the time of the search warrant request, the FBI asked that the affidavit
remain sealed to protect an ongoing investigation. It was released in response
to a public information request by the media.

The documents show that when confronted by the FBI, both Broadwell and Petraeus
appeared to mislead investigators about their extensive exchange of classified
material, most of it involving military and diplomatic operations during
Petraeus' years as commander of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Petraeus admitted his affair with Broadwell during an October 2012 interview
with the FBI in his CIA office.

But he said he never gave classified information to her. That answer led some
prosecutors to recommend that Petraeus be hit with a felony charge of
obstructing a federal investigation. As part of his plea deal with
Charlotte-based prosecutors, Petraeus admitted he lied to the FBI.

Broadwell claimed to have gotten some of the documents doing research for her
book but "was unable to provide specifics as to how she obtained them. Broadwell
advised that she never received classified information from Petraeus," the
affidavit says.

On the contrary, the new documents include details of multiple emails between
the two over classified records, including the "black book" diaries and logs
Petraeus kept as commander.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Cloquet attorney sanctioned for mishandling client funds

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


July 04--A Cloquet lawyer has been disciplined by the Minnesota Supreme Court
for professional misconduct for mishandling a trust account and unintentionally
misappropriating his client's money.

Thomas Skare was publicly reprimanded and placed on two years' probation, the
Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility announced Wednesday.

According to the order signed by Supreme Court Associate Justice Alan Page,
Skare failed to maintain the required trust account books and records, resulting
in shortages in his trust account and the unintentional misappropriation of
client funds, and failed to ensure his trust account was interest bearing.

The order states that Skare unconditionally admitted to the allegations.

As a condition of his probation, Skare is required to maintain his law office
and trust account books and records in compliance with Minnesota Rules of
Professional conduct and make the books and records available to the director of
the Office of Lawyers Professional Responsibility at such intervals as the
director deems necessary to determine compliance.

Skare wasn't available for comment Wednesday. His office issued a prepared
statement. The statement said that accounting errors in the trust account
occurred during a time when his office bookkeeping was "outsourced." The
statement also said that part of that action involved a local bank's mistaken
deposit of office trust funds into the wrong account at the same time Skare was
dealing with a family medical emergency that occupied his attention.

Skare has had one other brush with the board. In 2006, he was issued an
admonition for failing to communicate with, and take timely action on behalf of,
a client and for failing to promptly, upon request, return the client file.

___ (c)2013 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130704-DU-Cloquet-attorney-sanctioned-for-mishandling
-client-funds-0704-20130704

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2013 Duluth News-Tribune


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Peninsula attorney faces disbarment for mishandling $157,600, officials say

BYLINE: Joshua Melvin, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Oct. 25--SAN FRANCISCO -- A Peninsula attorney faces disbarment after being
found culpable of mishandling a trust for her son after $147,000 disappeared,
people involved in the case say.

Elizabeth M. Barnson Karnazes, of Foster City, was found guilty Monday in State
Bar Court of 10 misconduct charges centering on how she managed more than
$157,600 of her 25-year-old son's money, according to the ruling. She won't
legally be permitted to practice law starting Thursday and a permanent
disbarment, unless she appeals, would likely take effect when the state Supreme
Court weighs in.

Karnazes' attorney says she was the target of her mentally ill son Zachary
Karnazes, whose complaint sparked the case, and a State Bar that has made a
"total hash" of the accounting in the investigation.

"Her son will have destroyed her if she is disbarred," said attorney Paul
Vapnek, who added he couldn't comment on the conviction because he had not yet
seen the ruling of State Bar Court Judge Lucy Armendariz.

California currently has about 176,000 licensed lawyers and 89 were disbarred in
2011, said Bar spokeswoman Laura Ernde. Another 58 lost their law licenses in
2010.

It's not the first trouble with the State Bar for Karnazes, 57. She was publicly
reprimanded in 2010 for a 2007 incident where she was caught shoplifting from a
San Mateo Sears store. Clad in a Santa Claus hat she threatened to kill herself
as police questioned her, which led to her being forcibly

hospitalized, according to State Bar records.

In the current case, Karnazes was the attorney for her son in lawsuits against a
camp for troubled youth called Mountain Homes Youth Ranch and Odyssey School, a
private school for gifted children. The 2005 youth ranch suit ended with a
$40,000 payout and the 2006 case against Odyssey paid a $60,000 settlement,
court records show. A third suit resulted in a $56,995 payment. Her son also
received a $700 settlement in a workers' compensation case.

All the money ended up in Zachary Karnazes' trust account. But authorities say
his mom broke a host of rules with how she managed the account, including
depositing her personal money into it and keeping no records of where the money
went. The most serious allegation charged that though the account was supposed
to hold $157,689.50, in spring 2011 the balance was less than $10,000, according
to Bar records.

Despite written requests in 2009 from her son for money to pay for medical
treatment, Karnazes waited until June 2012 to give him a check for $53,507.97,
according to the Bar.

As the Bar was investigating her, Karnazes in June 2011 also tried to get her
son to waive his rights to the lawsuit money and prevent him from complaining.
In return, he would get $63,000 of his own money. The proposed agreement said
"in the event of any inquiry" the Karnazes would say "all of Zachary's claims
have been resolved and he is not at liberty to discuss the terms."

The Bar also said Elizabeth Karnazes provided, just days before her June trial
was to begin, a "summary account" of how son's money had been used. She noted
$28,391.70 in fees and costs as well as the roughly $53,500 payment to her son.
However, that left missing the remainder of the $157,600 that was supposed to be
in the account, the Bar said.

Vapnek, Karnazes' lawyer, said the case should never have gotten this far.

"Instead of trying to resolve a problem between a mentally ill child and a
lawyer the Bar decided" to pursue the charges, he said.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him at Twitter.com/melvinreport.

___ (c)2012 the San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) Visit the San Mateo
County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121025-SM-Peninsula-attorney-faces-disbarment-for-mishandling
-157,600-officials-say-1025-20121025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2012 Small Business column


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

High court to weigh in on 3 attorney discipline cases

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 246  words


The Wisconsin Supreme Court is scheduled to issue orders in three disciplinary
cases Tuesday.

One of them involves Westby attorney Gregory Lunde, who faces a 60-day
suspension for his alleged mishandling of money owed to the heirs of a woman's
estate. The Office of Lawyer Regulation filed its complaint last year alleging
five counts of misconduct.

The second case involves Michael Bishop, a Milwaukee attorney. The OLR is asking
for the justices to suspend Bishop's license for 60 days over five counts of
alleged misconduct for mishandling money belonging to clients and third parties.
The complaint the OLR filed in February stems from an overdraft of Bishop's
trust account dating to August 2013.

The Supreme Court will also weigh in on the case of an attorney who was
disbarred by the Minnesota Supreme Court in 2013 for mishandling thousands of
dollars of client money.

The OLR alleged in a complaint filed in June that Harvey Jones failed to report
to the OLR that he had been disbarred as required by this state's rules. The OLR
is asking for the court to impose reciprocal discipline on Jones, who has been
admitted to practice law in Wisconsin since 1984.

His Wisconsin license has been suspended since October 2011 for failing to pay
dues and failure to certify his trust account.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 12, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

CDC carrying out investigation on 4 Defense Department labs

BYLINE: Diane Hoffman

LENGTH: 294  words


The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said that is carrying out an
investigation on four Defense Department labs for possible mishandling of deadly
germs used in bioterrorism research. The mishandling involves anthrax, plague
and viruses that can cause encephalitis.

The military studies germs, like anthrax, plague and viruses, so that it can
learn how to defend against their potential use as biological weapons. For now,
there is no evidence that anyone has suffered due to the mishandling of the
germs.

But the bioterrorism experts have affirmed that they believe in zero tolerance,
as these organisms are quite dangerous. Even a small mistake can prove taxing.
Owing to the CDC findings, the secretary of the Army asked the four labs to stop
their work they were doing with certain dangerous microbes known as 'select
agents'.

The four labs are the Dugway Proving Ground Life Sciences Test Facility in Utah,
the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, he Edgewood
Chemical and Biological Center and the Naval Medical Research Center. The last
three labs are in Maryland.

It all started in May when it was found that the Dugway lab had mistakenly
shipped live anthrax to many labs in American and other nations during the past
decade. This led the CDC to carry out spot checks at other Defense Department
labs.

During the investigations, inspectors found labeling issues. CDC is also
investigating transfers to ensure that there was no risk to those who handled
the material or to the public.

Topics: Health (http://nycity.today/section/health)  Region: United States
(http://nycity.today/location/united-states)Company: CDC
(http://nycity.today/company/cdc)

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'Careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'Careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'Careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: ALEXANDER PANETT A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUSAN WALSH, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Montreal Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'Careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: Washington


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton 'careless': FBI; Demmocrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton 'careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 642  words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a yearlong investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 14, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Four Defense Department labs face Investigation for alleged mishandling of
Select Agents

BYLINE: Sophia Turner

LENGTH: 241  words


The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is conducting an investigation on
four Defense Department labs in a matter of mishandling deadly germs that are
used by federal government in their bioterrorism research.

The military studies germs like anthrax, plague and viruses. The research is
carried out to know how to defend against the potential use of biological
weapons.  Currently, there is no report that anyone has been affected due to the
mishandling.

But the investigation is being carried out as the bioterrorism experts they have
zero tolerance for such incidents, as these organisms are quite dangerous. The
CDC investigation led the secretary of the Army to order the four labs to stop
working on certain dangerous microbes known as select agents.

The four labs are the Dugway Proving Ground Life Sciences Test Facility in Utah
and the three are the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases,
the Naval Medical Research Center and the Edgewood Chemical and Biological
Center, all are in Maryland.

In May, it was found that the Dugway lab of Utah has transported anthrax by
mistake to different labs within the US and to different nations. Spot checks
have also been done.

Health (http://uncovercalifornia.com/topics/health)CDC
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/cdc)United States
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Officer sentenced to probation for mishandling money

BYLINE: McKenzie Romero Deseret News

LENGTH: 610 words


By McKenzie Romero

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - The attorney for a former Unified police officer convicted of
mishandling the department's money said depression and mental health issues led
to the officer failing to properly do his job.

Kenneth Callahan, 49, pleaded guilty in August to a reduced charge of misusing
public money, a third-degree felony, for mishandling money meant for drug
investigations. He was sentenced Friday to pay restitution and complete two
years of probation, though 3rd District Judge Katie Bernards-Goodman agreed to
review the possibility of reducing the charge to a class A misdemeanor in one
year.

An additional misdemeanor charge of official misconduct was dismissed as part of
a plea deal.

Callahan was remorseful in court Friday, apologizing to the department he worked
for and the public he served, saying he was "in denial" about his depression but
has been benefiting greatly from regular counseling.

"I just want to apologize to UPD for the shame I brought to the department,"
Callahan said. "Basically I just want to put this behind me and move forward and
be a productive citizen of Utah again."

Attorney Fred Metos said Friday that it was the effects of untreated depression
that led Callahan to procrastinate doing department paperwork to the point of
panic, or to improperly log the department resources he was using. He denied
implications that Callahan was "pocketing" the money.

"Mr. Callahan was essentially a model police officer for years," Metos said.
"(Due to depression), he didn't follow through, he didn't keep track of the
monies."

As he left the courtroom, Metos said a number of factors in Callahan's life -
including being shot at in his role as a police officer and failing to deal with
the pain of deaths in his family - contributed to the depression.

Though Metos noted that Callahan was prepared to pay the full $8,485 restitution
Friday and asked the judge to reduce the charge immediately so Callahan could
pursue employment without the stigma of a felony conviction, prosecutor
Nathaniel Sanders argued the officer's breach of public trust warranted a year
for the felony to stand.

"The evidence points strongly to, not just sloppiness, but taking advantage of
the chit and monetary system for personal gain," Sanders said.

Bernards-Goodman agreed, saying that Callahan had violated a position of trust
and sentenced him to community service and probation under the felony charge.

Callahan had worked with the department for nearly 20 years when he was arrested
and charged in March. He was placed on administrative leave at the time and
resigned from the department in April.

In some drug investigations, detectives request money from the department which
is then often given to a confidential informant working with police to buy
controlled substances from suspected drug dealers. Officers obtain the "buy
money" from the department using funds transfer receipts known as "chits."

According to department policy, each chit contains a case number and an
explanation of how the money will be used. Once an informant purchases drugs
with the money, the drugs are given to police and are stored as evidence. The
officer records on the chit how much money was spent, what kind of drugs were
purchased and the quantity, according to charging documents.

A Unified Police Department audit in March revealed 46 instances between October
2013 and January 2015 that the veteran officer had requested funds intended for
controlled drug buys but failed to book anything into evidence afterward, or
requested money connected cases that had been closed for several months.

Email: mromero@deseretnews.com

Twitter: McKenzieRomero

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 10, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Prosecutors Say It's Unclear Papers Chaplain Carried Were Classified

BYLINE:  By NEIL A. LEWIS

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 683 words

DATELINE: FORT BENNING, Ga., Dec. 9


The criminal proceedings against Capt. James J. Yee, the former Muslim chaplain
at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, fell into confusion on Tuesday and stalled as the
military prosecutors asked for extra time to determine whether documents that
were found in Captain Yee's luggage when he was leaving the base were, in fact,
classified.

The hearing was postponed until Jan. 19 to give the prosecutors time to review
the documents that set off a major investigation into whether Captain Yee was a
spy, a contention from which the government has since emphatically distanced
itself.

The military's case against Captain Yee ostensibly began when customs officials
found documents they believed were suspicious and possibly containing classified
materials in his backpack on Sept. 10 when he arrived from Guantanamo at the
naval air station in Jacksonville, Fla. Officials initially thought Captain Yee
might have been part of an elaborate plan to infiltrate the Caribbean base,
where some 660 prisoners from the Afghan war are being held.

Officials placed Captain Yee in solitary confinement for nearly three months in
a naval brig while they completed their investigation into possible espionage.
Maj. Scott Sikes, one of Captain Yee's defense lawyers, said on Tuesday that
military prosecutors once told him that they might seek the death penalty in the
case.

But when the investigation was completed last month and Captain Yee was
released, the military did not bring any serious espionage case. Instead, he was
charged with two counts of mishandling classified data, a reference to the
materials found in his luggage, as well as four new charges with no apparent
connection to security issues. Those included adultery and keeping pornography
on his government computer, issues that prosecutors said came to their attention
in the espionage investigation.

After repeated complaints from defense lawyers that they could not proceed on
the issue of mishandling classified information if it remained unclear whether
the documents were classified, the government acquiesced on Tuesday. Lt. Col.
Mike Mulligan, one of the prosecutors, said the government had decided to
conduct a thorough classification review of the documents.

Eugene R. Fidell, Captain Yee's civilian defense lawyer, called it disgraceful
that his client had been kept in the brig for 76 days for possessing materials
that the government still had not determined were classified. Mr. Fidell also
said the military should be embarrassed to have tried to proceed with a criminal
hearing on the charges without the determination.

The postponement of the hearing may create another problem for the prosecution.
Mr. Fidell said that under military law charges were supposed to be brought
within 120 days of the Sept. 10 arrest. The government has suggested that
various factors have extended the time frame.

Major Sikes said he hoped the military would decide to drop the case. He said he
believed that the military was pressing ahead as part of an unwise effort to
save face over its initial miscalculation.

The case, he noted, "started out with allegations of being a spy."

"There has since been a steady decline in the seriousness of the allegations,"
Major Sikes said.

Major Sikes, a former military prosecutor, said, "This is the most incredible
military proceeding this military counsel has ever seen."
In addition to the complaints about how much information the defense was
receiving, Mr. Fidell apparently became embroiled in a feud with the presiding
judge, Col. Dan Trimble, and refused to meet with him privately in his office.
Mr. Fidell said that at a Tuesday morning meeting Colonel Trimble accused him of
grandstanding and raising too many objections.

Mr. Fidell said he objected to Colonel Trimble's efforts to deal with the case
behind closed doors and then told reporters that he felt the proceeding "should
not be dealt with as a friendly and cozy agreement between us lawyers."

When Colonel Trimble approached Mr. Fidell in the hallway later and asked to
meet with him privately, Mr. Fidell refused.

Colonel Trimble declined to comment.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The trial of Capt. James J. Yee on charges of mishandling
classified data was postponed. Captain Yee, shown yesterday, is at Fort Benning,
Ga. (Photo by Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      March 20, 2004 Saturday CITY EDITION

CHARGES AGAINST CHAPLAIN DROPPED
AMERICAN MUSLIM SERVING AT GUANTANAMO ALLEGEDLY MISHANDLED DATA, CROSSED MORAL
LINE

BYLINE: NEIL A. LEWISNew York Times

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 622 words


WASHINGTON -- The military said Friday that it was dropping all charges,
including one of mishandling classified information, against Army Capt. James
Yee, the former Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

The case against Yee, who officials once suggested was part of an espionage
ring, had become a lingering embarrassment for the Pentagon.

The U.S. Southern Command in Miami said it did not want to proceed with a trial
on the charge of mishandling classified data because to do so could expose
sensitive evidence to public view.

The remaining charges of adultery and possession of pornography against Yee also
were dropped. But he will have to face an administrative hearing on those
accusations, and he could be penalized by having an official rebuke placed in
his record.

The resolution of the case means that Yee will not have to face an Army
court-martial.

At the same time, the military did not affirmatively clear him of the charge of
mishandling classified data, but said it chose not to prosecute only to protect
sensitive documents.

His lawyer, Eugene Fidell, said the resolution represented "a long overdue
vindication" for Yee and that his client was still owed an apology.

Fidell suggested that the Army was simply trying to sweep its mistakes under the
rug by asserting that it dropped the charge of mishandling classified documents
to keep information from becoming public.

Yee was arrested Sept. 10 in Jacksonville, Fla., on suspicion of espionage after
customs inspectors had found papers in his luggage that they said were
suspicious and might have had classified information.

Officials first suggested his participation in a plot to infiltrate the base and
told his lawyers that they might seek the death penalty. But gradually the case
fell apart.

He was charged with transporting classified information without a required
secure container -- far less serious than espionage -- and placed in solitary
confinement in a naval brig for nearly three months while the military
investigated.

When the investigation finished and he was released, the only new charges
against him involved keeping pornography on his government computer and having
an extramarital affair, both violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

In its statement Friday, the military said Army Maj. Gen. Geoffrey Miller, the
commanding officer of the detention facility at Guantanamo, had decided to
dismiss the charge of mishandling classified information because of "national
security concerns that would arise from the release of the evidence."

In doing so, Miller rejected a proposal by Yee to undergo a debriefing with a
polygraph examiner on the issue of how he might have dealt with classified
material in exchange for an honorable discharge.

The military's statement said Yee will be expected to return to his home unit at
Fort Lewis, Wash.

During his tour at Guantanamo, where more than 600 prisoners are held, Yee
ministered to the detainees, most of whom were captured at the end of the
Afghanistan war. He arranged for the Muslim call to prayer to be played over the
camp's sound system five times a day and for meals to be served outside the
fasting hours of Ramadan.

Since his arrest, the inmates have not had a Muslim chaplain and officials say
they minister to their own religious needs.

Army officials suggested at a hearing at Fort Benning in December that he had
documents relating to the prisoners.

At the preliminary hearing into the Yee case in December, prosecutors were
unsure of whether the materials found in Yee's luggage were even classified.

Yee graduated from West Point in 1990 and converted to Islam after he left the
Army, returning later as a chaplain.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

Capt. James Yee

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

SENATOR McCAIN EXPRESSES CONCERN OVER MISHANDLING OF STUDENT VETERANS' BENEFITS
BY PIMA COMMUNITY COLLEGE

LENGTH: 331  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John McCain, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator John McCain (R-AZ) today sent a letter to Pima Community College
(PCC) Chancellor Lee Lambert expressing his concern about the mishandling of
veterans' education benefits by Pima Community College (PCC):

The letter is attached and below:

Mr. Lee Lambert

Chancellor

Pima Community College

4905 E Broadway Blvd

Tucson, AZ 85709

Dear Chancellor Lambert:

I am writing to express my concerns regarding the Pima Community College (PCC)
Veterans Affairs mandated audit of Veterans Education Benefit recipients due to
the mishandling of the certification of these benefits by PCC.

As the relatively new Chancellor of PCC, I understand that you have
unfortunately inherited this student veteran issue. But, immediate action to
remedy this widespread problem is essential. I appreciate your willingness to
meet with my office on three separate occasions since the veteran audit was
announced in March 2014. Following those meetings, I understand that PCC has
announced a public outreach campaign aimed at directly assisting past and
present PCC student veterans. I have directed my Tucson office staff to attend
these sessions and further support our student veterans wherever possible.
Furthermore, I understand that you have pledged PCC's support to financially
assist student veterans who receive debt letters from the VA due to no fault of
their own. This is a positive first of many steps to correct past mistakes and
ensure that Arizona's veterans receive the educational benefits they have
earned.

Our student veterans are a tremendous resource that should be fully supported on
your campuses. The University of Arizona (UA) has developed perhaps the most
prolific veteran support and education system in the country and I encourage you
to work with the UA and other colleges in Arizona that have made veteran
education a top priority.

For further information please visit: http://www.mccain.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday
                                2 Tampa Edition

HIDDEN CITIZENS CULTURE EXPOSED

BYLINE: TOLUSE OLORUNNIPA

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 805 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: A report says that investigators fired by the state insurer had
uncovered problems.


The corporate watchdogs who were recently fired from Citizens Property Insurance
Corp. had uncovered evidence of favoritism, improper compensation and poorly
handled investigations at the highest levels of the state-run company.

A report reviewed Friday by Citizens' Audit Committee shows that one of the
final investigations conducted by Citizens' Office of Corporate Integrity
targeted top senior officials at the company. The four corporate watchdogs were
investigating how Citizens had handled previous allegations of sexual
harassment, drunken disrobing, irregular severance payments, falsified documents
and other improprieties by employees. All four investigators were given
termination notices last month.

The report released Friday "focused on the mishandling of investigations, the
mishandling of discipline and the mishandling of Citizens' funds," said chief
internal auditor Joe Martins, who recently decided that the Office of Corporate
Integrity was no longer needed at Citizens.

The investigation by the terminated employees found that, among other things,
Citizens:

- Gave large severance packages to some top employees accused of misconduct,
including more than $80,000 to an underwriting executive who resigned after
being accused of "inappropriate behavior" with another employee.

- Gave only a warning to its deputy director of human resources after she got
drunk at the Coyote Ugly bar in Ybor City, removed her bra and danced on top of
a table during a company retreat.

- Failed to complete certain investigations or did not file them into the
official complaint system, potentially shielding them from public view. Certain
employees were shown favoritism after they were discovered breaking company
policy.

Citizens declined to respond to several followup questions about the various
allegations, stating that more public records would be released Monday.

The state-run insurer disbanded its Office of Corporate Integrity abruptly in
October, terminating all four members and presenting them with confidentiality
agreements. The move sparked rebuke from outside groups, state lawmakers and
Gov. Rick Scott.

The reports of corporate excess and impropriety come at a time when Citizens is
raising insurance rates on homeowners and slashing coverage in order to reduce
risk on the 1.4 million policies it insures.

Citizens said the move to terminate the four investigators - T.W. Smart, Selisa
Daniel, Melanie Yopp and Meghan Walker - was actually a restructuring effort
aimed at beefing up its fraud-detection system and "avoiding unnecessary
redundancies." The company is currently looking to hire new fraud detectors.

The report reviewed Friday is the first evidence of what the Citizens
investigators were doing before they were told their services were no longer
needed.

In March, an anonymous tipster complained that Citizens had mishandled internal
investigations, spent funds on improper severance agreements and shown
favoritism to certain employees engaged in misconduct. The accusations
implicated some of the highest-ranking executives at the multibillion-dollar
insurer.

OCI, which was led by a former economic crimes investigator and an agent with
the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, was brought in to investigate.

A five-page report issued by Martins summarizes the findings of OCI's inquiry in
broad terms, omitting many specific details.

Though members of the Office of Corporate Integrity spent months conducting the
investigation, their names are not listed on the final report. Martins, whose
name is on the report, played a major role in dismantling the OCI.

Internal emails at Citizens indicate that Martins' final report was not as
comprehensive as the report drafted by OCI before it was disbanded. It is
unclear what information gathered by OCI was left out of Martins' report.

"It looks like the Integrity Office investigation is being swept under the rug,"
said Dan Krassner, executive director of Integrity Florida, which advocates for
tougher ethics laws. "Citizens gagged their now-terminated watchdogs with
confidentiality agreements, so the public is still just hearing one side of the
story."

While Martins' report does not name any of the employees involved in the
allegations, other reports reveal the names of several top officials involved in
various improprieties. Some have since resigned.

A few examples:

- Susanne Murphy, Citizens' chief administration officer, was accused of
practicing law without being licensed in Florida.

- Citizens' director of human resources, Gena Buonamici, and general counsel Dan
Sumner both led departments accused of showing favoritism to employees within
their units. Both are still with the company.

- Citizens' former director of underwriting, Joe Bouthillier, was accused of
getting drunk during a business retreat and sexually harassing a co-worker.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday

Prosecutor says Bisard case will still move forward

BYLINE: Zach Myers, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


April 17--When Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry learned that a second blood
vial in the case of officer David Bisard had been mishandled by the Indianapolis
Metropolitan Police Department, he said he was furious.

But the prosecutor insists that the mishandling of the vial will not negatively
impact the criminal case against Bisard.

"We don't anticipate that it's going to negatively impact the ability to have a
fair trial in this case and ultimately determine what happened in this
accident," Curry said.

Officer Bisard is accused of being drunk two summers ago when he crashed into a
group of motorcyclists, killing Eric Wells.

On Tuesday, Mayor Greg Ballard and Public Safety Director Frank Straub announced
that a second vial of blood being stored as evidence in the case had been
mistakenly stored at room temperature. IMPD Chief Paul Ciesielski resigned in
the wake of that discovery.

Curry admits that the mishandling of the blood is another setback in the case.
The first was the mishandling of a first blood vial, which prompted a judge to
rule it in admissible in relation to the DUI charge against Bisard.

"It will certainly be additional hoops we need to jump through, I guess I would
say that," Curry said. "Ultimately, I think at the end of the day it will not
have a negative impact on having a fair trial in this case and having the
evidence presented to a jury to make a determination of what transpired in this
accident."

The additional hoops will focus on trying to keep the second blood vial, which
was stored at room temperature, involved in the case. Curry said he plans to
send the vial to a lab in Texas to have it tested to see if it can still be
used.

It's unclear if Bisard's defense attorney, John Kautzman, will try to fight that
move.

The first blood vial is still tied up in an appeals battle between the two
sides.

Curry also recognized the negative impact the recent developments could have on
the public's perception of Indianapolis and Marion County law enforcement.

"It's difficult that we have to respond to this, particularly in a case where
there's been steps along the way that have caused cynicism or suspicion about
how the case has been handled," Curry said. "And so it is absolutely unfortunate
that this occurred. But again, we don't anticipate that it's going to negatively
impact the ability to have a fair trial in this case and ultimately determine
what happened in this accident."

___ (c)2012 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120417-5IN-Prosecutor-says-Bisard-case-will-still-move-forward-0417-20120417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2012 WXIN-TV


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           November 21, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Red's Notebook

BYLINE: RED FISHER, The Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; THE RED LINE; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 928  words


Bolts' Tanguay on quite a roll

Perhaps you've noticed that Alex Tanguay, who wasn't offered a contract by the
Canadiens this season, has been having nothing less than an interesting one in
Tampa Bay. He was brought there in the hope he would jump-start Vincent
Lecavalier to a good start, and the best Tanguay could contribute was two
assists in his first nine games. In his last nine games: four goals and 10
points. Head coach Rick Tocchet's reaction: "When he's on his game, other teams
will circle his name and say: 'We have to watch this guy.' Are we there yet? No.
But he has that potential."

Different calls on hits to head

Two more hits to the head this week. The first was delivered Wednesday night,
when Colorado's Ryan Wilson left his feet and hit Edmonton's Ethan Morrow. No
penalty was called by the referees. The following day, Dallas's James Neal
rammed Columbus's Derek Dorsett face-first into the glass. That one was
penalized by the officials. Next!

Hawks unload on Flames

Have the Chicago Blackhawks got Calgary's number, or what? I mean ... on
Thursday, in Calgary, they scored five unanswered goals in the second period en
route to a 7-1 victory over the Flames. The last time the teams met was in
Chicago on Oct. 12. That's when the Flames held a 5-0 lead during the first 12
minutes and then fell 6-5 in overtime.

Roenick lashes players' union

Leave it to Jeremy Roenick to aim for the fences discussing the disarray in
which the NHL Players' Association finds itself. "It's been a mess for years and
years and years," he told Chicago Tribune writer Chris Kuc recently. "I don't
think people we've had in there before Paul Kelly were helping it at all. There
are a lot of untrustworthy people who have done some untrustworthy things. I've
seen a lot of mishandling of money, mishandling of arbitration cases,
mishandling of hiring help for the PA that has been a waste of the PA's money.
They need to do something right now to get some legitimacy back into the
organization and bring some strength to the players and bring some honesty and
trustworthiness between the players and the people who are heading the PA.
Before we get that, we're going to struggle with our membership." (I wonder what
Jeremy really thinks.)

Smyth's injury can hurt Kopitar

While Canadiens fans mourn over the loss of Brian Gionta, it's imagined Los
Angeles people are holding their breath waiting to see how scoring leader Anze
Kopitar does without Ryan Smyth on the team's No. 1 line. Before going down for
a month with an upper-body injury, Smyth had nine goals and 14 assists in his
first 22 games with the Kings.

Devils captain lauds Lemaire

New Jersey Devils captain Jamie Langenbrunner, on head coach Jacques Lemaire's
talent for keeping his team calm when they fall behind in games: "He does it all
the time. He's pretty in tune to what's going on. There have been times we've
been ahead and he still hasn't been happy and times we've been behind and he
said we're doing good things. That's what is nice about having a guy that really
understands the flow of the game."

Panthers happy with new owners

The Florida Panthers, who surprised Buffalo with a 6-2 victory on Wednesday, are
getting quick dividends from the resolution of their ownership situation. As you
know, longtime owner Alan Cohen now is in a minority position. With the
introduction of two new limited partners, Florida GM Randy Sexton can make moves
without restriction. Even the players have signed in on the shift of power.
"Going by what they've said, they're into this," defenceman Keith Ballard said.
"They're not just putting money into this and sitting back. They want to be
involved. And they're very passionate about it."

Guerin delivers for Pittsburgh

Veteran Bill Guerin continues to compete for the Pittsburgh Penguins. Guerin,
who recently turned 39, not only scored a goal in his team's 5-2 victory over
Anaheim on Monday, he fought Ryan Getzlaf, who is 14 years younger. What's more,
Guerin earned one of the night's loudest ovations from the sellout crowd when he
put Getzlaf on his back.

Jokinen shines in shootouts

I suppose you know that Jussi Jokinen's 25th shootout goal, which provided
Carolina with a 5-4 victory over Minnesota, is the most in NHL history. Sure you
do. What made it even sweeter was that it ended the team's 14-game losing
streak.

Bruins rebound following loss

Things look a little brighter for the Bruins' after their 4-3 shootout victory
in Atlanta on Thursday, particularly since Boston coach Claude Julien nearly
lost it after his team's 4-1 loss to the visiting New York Islanders on Monday.
Reports on the game said the Bruins were "flat and emotionless." So when last
season's coach-of-the-year was asked if he had an explanation for his team's
struggles, his response to Boston reporters was this: "I don't know why I have
to answer for them. Ask them why they came out flat. They were well aware of
everything. They were well aware of what was on the line, they were well aware
that the Islanders had only lost two games in regulation in the last 12. They
were well aware of all that stuff. So you know, I know I'm the coach and I have
to stand up here, but I don't think I should have to answer the question they
should answer - why did they come out flat?"

And finally ...

I see where Dave Schultz, Philadelphia's designated hitter in the good ol' days,
has been inducted into the Flyers' Hall of Fame. Gotta love that in his lengthy
acceptance speech Schultz thanked former GM Keith Allen for "recognizing my
talents and skills and sending me to the minor leagues."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

Cop resigns in evidence mishandling case

BYLINE: Jim West, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 496 words


Oct. 10--ALBANY -- An officer of the Albany Police Department has resigned from
the force, just ahead of a recommendation for termination by Police Chief John
Proctor and the initiation of an investigation by Internal Affairs.

According to the recommendation, which was issued Aug. 22, items belonging to
the APD had been discovered in a local storage facility rented privately by then
Cpl. Darrell Laster, a criminal detective with the APD.

Included in those items were APD uniforms and items of property and evidence
from cases to which Laster had been assigned "over a number of years." The items
had been discovered by the owner of the storage unit, the recommendation reads,
when Laster defaulted on his payments for the unit.

The termination document further contends that Laster had admitted his failure
to properly log in the evidence with the APD, or properly organize the
incomplete case files found for approximately two to three years after they were
marked as "completed." The document refers to Laster's actions as "mishandling
of property and evidence."

In a second section of the recommendation for termination, it notes several
other disciplinary actions were applied to Laster by the APD "within the last
three years."

In the final section of the termination document, Laster was advised that the
final decision regarding his employment would be made by the Albany city
manager, James Taylor, and that Laster retained the right to, within 10 days,
request a meeting with the manager. However, one day before the termination
document was issued, on Aug. 21, Laster submitted his voluntary resignation.

"My responsibility as Chief of the Albany Police Department is to maintain
prescribed standards and to preserve the professionalism of the Department,"
stated APD Chief John Proctor in media release. "Furthermore, I have a duty to
hold officers accountable for following all policies and procedures. I am
committed to the citizens of Albany to do just that."

Dougherty County District Attorney Greg Edwards confirmed that some of the
evidence found in the storage facility pertained to the murder investigation of
19-year-old Sentos Vicente in 2010, a case that Laster helped investigate. One
of the accused in that case, Anthony Hill, pleaded guilty to killing Vicente and
testified against his co-defendant, Santarious Nelson, in court. Nelson was
found not guilty.

On Thursday, Edwards said evidential items found in the storage unit clearly had
no affect on the Vicente case. As for other, potentially tainted cases, Edwards
said the misplaced items were still being evaluated and their affects would be
judged "on a case-by-case basis."

"Fortunately, the outcome of the Vicente case was not adversely affected by this
(discovery)," Edwards said. "All the cases this situation may have touched will
be reviewed on an individual basis."

___ (c)2013 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131010-1AH-Cop-resigns-in-evidence-mishandling-case-1010-20131010

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2013


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 19, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Both Sides Face Risks in Case of Scientist Accused of Mishandling Nuclear
Secrets

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 17; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1588 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, June 16


Emboldened by the latest security scandal at the Los Alamos National Laboratory
and several other breaks, the lawyers for Wen Ho Lee, the scientist accused of
mishandling a trove of nuclear weapons secrets, plan a courtroom assault in
coming weeks that could all but decide the case before the trial.

If the lawyers win some crucial judicial rulings, they could severely limit the
government's ability to prosecute Dr. Lee. But should they lose, the strategy
could also create serious risks for Dr. Lee's defense, particularly since his
lawyers have indicated a great reluctance to plea bargain.

In recent weeks, the government replaced its lead prosecutor with another who is
well regarded but lacks experience in these kinds of trials, and the federal
district judge who had been overseeing the case suddenly withdrew and assigned
it to a judge whom the defense regards as more independent-minded.

But the unexplained disappearance and then suspicious reappearance last week of
two computer hard drives packed with nuclear secrets amounted to a potential
legal "bombshell," said one government official involved in Dr. Lee's case.

Although not directly related to Dr. Lee, the security breach would seem to
bolster his contentions that security at the laboratory had long been lax, that
scientists there had routinely moved classified material without witnesses or
signing logs and that doing so was not necessarily a sign of malice, just
expedience or perhaps carelessness.

"This is huge," another government official conceded. "You have to think about
how this would affect a jury using common sense."

Dr. Lee's lawyers are expected to use the episode involving the hard drives in
their battle to have Dr. Lee, 60, released on bail, perhaps within the next few
weeks. He has been in jail in Santa Fe, N.M., under unusually harsh conditions
since his arrest and indictment in December. The government insists that he
poses a grave national security risk and that even a seemingly benign remark in
the presence of a foreign agent could enable a transfer of data that could, as
one witness for the government said at an earlier hearing, "shift the global
balance of power."

Yet one of the people who was most strident in voicing such concerns was Stephen
M. Younger, the head of the nuclear weapons program at Los Alamos; he was also
among the six people placed on leave after it was disclosed that the computer
hard drives had vanished.

The defense is also likely to raise at a bail hearing the earlier disclosure
that the data Dr. Lee downloaded was not officially designated classified at the
time it was transferred, as the prosecutors have said, but carried a less
restrictive designation common for large volumes of scientific data called
"protect as restricted data," or PARD.

The rules on handling PARD material are looser and, the defense will argue, the
exposure of such information would pose far less of a security risk.

This overall strategy failed at the last bail hearings in January, but the
defense is hoping the new information about the classification of the data and
the recent security lapse will convince the judge that Dr. Lee deserves bail.

"I think the latest disclosures show that there are systemic problems with the
handling of sensitive information at Los Alamos, and it points out the
unfairness of scapegoating Dr. Lee for what he did," said Mark Holscher, one of
Dr. Lee's lawyers. "The information that has now disappeared carried a far more
sensitive classification than the material Dr. Lee downloaded. There was just an
unjustified hysteria around the material he moved to an open system."

Dr. Lee's case has also been taken up by Asian-Americans, whose leaders have
complained that he is being prosecuted selectively because he is
Chinese-American, an accusation the government has denied.

The prosecutors would not comment on the latest developments related to the
case.

Further heartening the defense was the government's sudden decision to bring in
-- just before these crucial hearings -- a new lead prosecutor, George A.
Stamboulidis, an assistant United States attorney on Long Island. He has had
great success in prosecuting organized crime and political corruption cases, but
he has no background in nuclear issues or national security matters.

The defense was also not unhappy when the judge who had been overseeing the
case, John Edwards Conway, unexpectedly said he was assuming senior status, a
sort of semiretirement, and recused himself from the case. It was assigned to
Judge James A. Parker of Federal District Court. Judge Parker denied Dr. Lee
bail at the hearings in January, but the defense regards him as more independent
than his predecessor in dealings with the prosecutors.

As a result of these developments, the defense is brimming with confidence as it
approaches the two coming hearings.

The defense's agenda for the hearings will involve efforts to suppress the
evidence gathered at Dr. Lee's home because of a faulty warrant -- a tactic
whose success, considered a long shot, could cripple the prosecution -- and an
even more important effort to introduce all the data Dr. Lee downloaded, equal
to more than 400,000 pages, at his trial. This is being done under a special law
for dealing with classified information called the Classified Information
Procedures Act, or CIPA.

John Cline, another of Dr. Lee's lawyers, has said the defense would use the
data to back up its claim that "virtually all" the esoteric physics, testing and
design information had already been made public in academic journals and other
forums, making its transfer by Dr. Lee to an unsecure computer and portable
computer tapes more benign.

The government has called the information "the crown jewels" of the American
nuclear arsenal, a library of information on how to design more sophisticated
weapons. So if the judge agrees with Dr. Lee, and the defense prevails in the
expected appeals, the government will have to decide whether to permit the
public exposure of the information or drop the charges. Of course, the judge's
denial of the requests could undercut one of the pillars of the defense.

There is a third option: the judge could permit the defense to introduce
unclassified summaries of the data. But even then, the vagueness of the
summaries could prove a continuing source of argument. If at any time during the
trial a government witness was to characterize the data Dr. Lee mishandled as
crucial to national security, the defense would be expected to demand the
introduction of the actual information in an effort to undercut such claims.

But this remains an extremely complex case filled with uncertainties, which also
include troubling questions potentially damaging to Dr. Lee. He has not
explained why, for instance, he downloaded the storehouse of data to an unsecure
computer and easily portable computer tapes, nor has he provided firm evidence
of what happened to seven of the tapes that are missing. He said he destroyed
them, but has yet to prove it. And losses in both of the coming hearings could
deal a severe blow to his defense.

About the only certainty is that both the defense and the prosecution are
pursuing risky all-or-nothing strategies in a case that could have far-reaching
national security implications.

The government, for instance, chose to charge Dr. Lee under a little-used
statute that could land him in prison for life if he is convicted. But in doing
so the government saddled itself with the task of proving beyond a reasonable
doubt that Dr. Lee not only illegally downloaded the classified data, but did so
with the intention of passing it to another country, presumably China, even
though the government has also acknowledged that it has no evidence such a
transfer ever took place.

For its part, the defense has conceded that Dr. Lee violated some government
rules by downloading the material. But his lawyers say they are fighting for
exoneration.

At a status conference on June 12, Judge Parker asked Mr. Holscher, one of Dr.
Lee's lawyers, if there were any efforts to negotiate a plea deal and if some
sort of mediator might be brought in to facilitate such a deal.

Mr. Holscher said that there had been some preliminary discussions between the
two sides but that Dr. Lee was flatly rejecting pleading guilty to any of the
charges in his 59-count indictment or accepting a sentence that would involve
time in prison beyond the months he has already served.

Through all this, Dr. Lee has endured better than the government seems to have
expected. Indeed, the government seems to have believed that Dr. Lee, a
respected scientist, would crack under the bitter jail regimen -- he is
segregated from other prisoners and can meet with his family for just one hour a
week, and then only with a guard next to him. While people close to him say he
has been depressed at times, they say he is now busy and emotionally steady.

He is writing a math textbook and academic papers to keep his mind busy, and
most days he is driven from his jail in Santa Fe to the new, austere federal
courthouse here to work in a secure room with his lawyers.

He wears a prison sweatshirt and sweat pants and is shackled when moved to or
from the windowless white van that transports him. But he can still spend hours
focused on preparing his case and eating lunches brought by his lawyers rather
than jail food, factors that his family and lawyers say are preparing him for a
long and vigorous defense.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Dr. Wen Ho Lee has been accused of mishandling nuclear secrets.
(KOAT-TV)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS GEORGIA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 367 words


Ex-adviser is accused of mishandling funds

ALTANTA - A former financial adviser was indicted Wednesday on charges of
mishandling more than $2 million of surplus funds from the Fulton County
Sheriff's Office.

Bryon Rainner, 33, of Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., was indicted by a federal grand jury
on charges including fraud, mail fraud and securities fraud.

The former financial adviser with MetLife Financial Services is accused of
telling the sheriff's department that he was investing the money with his
employer. The indictment alleges he instead diverted the money to a Florida
corporation, Provident Capital Investments.

Jackie Barrett, who was the sheriff at the time, has said she thought Provident
was an affiliate of MetLife.

Man sought sex with 9-year-old, FBI says

ATLANTA - An Illinois man accused of flying to Atlanta to have sex with a
9-year-old girl ended up being arrested as part of an FBI operation to catch
pedophiles, the FBI said.

Ronuk R. Genge, 27, of Oak Park, Ill., was arrested at Hartsfield-Jackson
Atlanta International Airport shortly after his flight landed, FBI spokesman
Steve Lazarus said.

Since Jan. 10, Mr. Genge had been talking over the Internet with someone he
thought was the mother of a 9-year-old girl, and he believed the mother would
let him have sex with her daughter, Mr. Lazarus said.

But the person he was talking to was actually an undercover agent, Mr. Lazarus
said.

Man gets at least 60 years in girl's rape

BLACKSHEAR - A man has been sentenced to 100 years in prison after being
convicted of raping a 12-year-old girl.

A Pierce County jury convicted Bryant Lee Gilyard of rape, statutory rape and
aggravated child molestation Friday.

Superior Court Judge Dwayne Gillis said Mr. Gilyard, 28, will remain behind bars
for at least 60 years.

Sheriff won't seek control of task force

JONESBORO - Clayton County Sheriff Victor Hill dropped his challenge for control
of the county's drug task force Wednesday and said he is moving forward with
plans to start his own unit.

The county commission transferred control of the drug task force to the county
police Tuesday, prompting Sheriff Hill to request an emergency hearing in
superior court on the issue.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                            March 20, 2004 Saturday

Charges dropped against Muslim chaplain

SECTION: NATION/WORLD

LENGTH: 371 words


New York Times

WASHINGTON - The military said last night it was dropping all charges, including
one of mishandling classified information, against Army Capt. James J. Yee, the
former Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The case against Yee, who
officials once suggested was part of an espionage ring, had become a lingering
embarrassment for the Pentagon.

In a statement released from the U.S. Southern Command in Miami, the military
said it did not want to proceed with a trial on the charge of mishandling
classified data because to do so could expose sensitive evidence to public view.

The remaining charges of adultery and possession of pornography against Yee also
were dropped. But he will have to face an administrative hearing on those
accusations, and he could be penalized by having an official rebuke placed in
his record.

The resolution of the case means that Yee will not have to face an Army
court-martial. At the same time, the military did not affirmatively clear him of
the charge of mishandling classified data but said it chose not to prosecute
only to protect sensitive documents.

His lawyer, Eugene R. Fidell of Washington, said the resolution demonstrated
that Yee had prevailed in his fight.

"This represents a long-overdue vindication," Fidell said. He added, however,
that Yee was still owed an apology, and he suggested that the Army was simply
trying to sweep its mistakes under the rug by asserting that it dropped the
charge of mishandling classified documents to keep information from becoming
public.

Yee was arrested on Sept. 10 at the Naval Air Station in Jacksonville, Fla., on
suspicion of espionage after customs inspectors had found papers in his luggage
that they said were suspicious and might have had classified information.
Officials first suggested his participation in a plot to infiltrate the base and
told his lawyers that they might seek the death penalty.

But gradually the case fell apart.

When the investigation finished and he was released, the only new charges
against him involved keeping pornography on his government computer and having
an extramarital affair, both violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice.

Copyright and permissions

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

    Copyright 2004 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 7, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Security Issues May Delay Los Alamos Case, U.S. Says

BYLINE: By JAMES RISEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 4; Column 5; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 904 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 6


The Energy Department has sought a delay in the Government's decision on seeking
an indictment against a former Los Alamos scientist in connection with the
mishandling of nuclear secrets, officials said today.

More time is needed, the officials added, to decide whether to release highly
classified information for use as evidence. Energy Secretary Bill Richardson has
the legal authority to decide what classified information can be released.

Officials said Mr. Richardson was waiting for a recommendation from the
department's new security czar, a former Air Force General, Eugene Habiger. Mr.
Habiger has to weigh whether the risks of exposing additional classified nuclear
data outweigh the need for the prosecution of the scientist, Wen Ho Lee.

Justice Department officials are mulling how to handle the case, and some
reportedly believe that the case is too weak to prosecute.

The United States Attorney for New Mexico, John J. Kelly, has been considering
indicting Mr. Lee on Federal charges of mishandling classified information,
officials said.

The apparent lack of evidence means that the Government is not expected to
charge Mr. Lee with espionage. The general allegation is that China obtained
nuclear weapons secrets through Mr. Lee, an allegation that China and Mr. Lee
have steadfastly denied.

A spokesman for Mr. Kelly's office in New Mexico declined to comment.

For three years, Mr. Lee has been the chief suspect in a Federal Bureau of
Investigation inquiry of the possible theft of nuclear secrets from the Los
Alamos National Laboratory, including information related to the most advanced
nuclear warhead, the W-88. But he has never been charged with a crime.

Instead, prosecutors have been considering the lesser charges of mishandling
classified information, because Mr. Lee transferred nuclear weapons data into an
nonsecure computer network. He has said that the transfers were routine and that
no crime was committed.

Such a prosecution would be unprecedented, said John L. Martin, former chief of
the internal security section at the Justice Department. Mr. Martin, who was in
charge of the prosecution of espionage cases until he retired in 1997, said such
an indictment would charge "gross negligence" and the mishandling of classified
information under Title 18 of the United States Code, Section 793/ F. That is a
felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison. But it has never been used in a
Federal criminal prosecution, Mr. Martin said.

A lawyer for Mr. Lee in Los Angeles, Mark Holscher, did not return calls for
comment. But Mr. Lee has previously stated that he has never betrayed secrets
and that he transferred nuclear-weapons computer codes into an unclassified
computer network to protect the information.

Officials said today that in a polygraph examination in February Mr. Lee
provided deceptive answers on whether he had passed W-88 information to an
unauthorized person and whether he had given computer codes related to nuclear
weapons to an unauthorized person. Polygraph results would not be admissible in
court, however.

An important problem for the Government is that prosecutors are not certain they
can keep classified information from being exposed in a trial. They say they may
not be able to use the Classified Information Procedures Act, which was intended
to let the Government prosecute spies without revealing secrets in court.

Scientists from Los Alamos in New Mexico have been interviewed by the Government
to explain the significance of Mr. Lee's transfers of information. Those
scientists, as expert witnesses for the prosecution, could be cross-examined,
and their information could be compromised.

The debate over charging Mr. Lee heated up a day after a Senate report painted a
devastating portrait of the many errors by investigators, lawyers and other
officials at the F.B.I., the Justice Department, Los Alamos and the Energy
Department that have plagued the case. Those errors are part of the reason why
the case against Mr. Lee is extremely weak, many people in and out of Government
apparently believe.

The mistakes may make it impossible for the Government to prosecute anyone.
Among the many missteps that the Senate report detailed was the decision early
in the investigation to focus on Mr. Lee without having adequately reviewed
other possible suspects.

The report, issued by the chairman and ranking minority member of the Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee, notes that the F.B.I. had already investigated
Mr. Lee two times, once in the early 1980's in connection with China's reported
theft of neutron-bomb data from the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in
California and a second time in the 1990's, just before the the investigation
about the W-88 secrets began.

The first inquiry of Mr. Lee started when the F.B.I. found that he had called
the suspect in the neutron-bomb case. In that investigation, Mr. Lee
acknowledged having provided unclassified material to China. Bureau officials
have said he passed a polygraph examination, and the bureau closed its inquiry.

The Senate report does not identify the second inquiry, but states that it was
suspended in 1995 as soon as the bureau was brought into the W-88 investigation.
A Federal official familiar with that investigation said the F.B.I. seemed to
have prematurely narrowed its focus on Mr. Lee, because he was already under
scrutiny.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 3, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Accused Army Chaplain Resigning;
Muslim's Case Had Been Dropped

BYLINE: Thomas E. Ricks, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A02

LENGTH: 579 words


The Muslim chaplain who once was accused of mishandling classified material and
other charges, only to have the case against him fall apart, said yesterday
that he is resigning from the Army.

Capt. James J. Yee, who was arrested while posted to the military prison at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to minister to suspected al Qaeda and Taliban fighters
held there, said the Army's handling of its case against him "irreparably
injured my personal and professional reputation and destroyed my prospects for a
career" in the Army.

Yee, a 1990 graduate of West Point, said in a statement released by his lawyer
that he had asked to be discharged next January.

Yee was arrested after several hours of interrogation on Sept. 10, 2003, at the
Naval Air Station in Jacksonville, Fla., after flying from the Guantanamo Bay
Navy base, where he had been assigned for the previous 10 months. The next month
he was charged with mishandling classified information after authorities found
maps of the Guantanamo prison and information about detainees in his possession.
FBI and Defense Department officials indicated that they were investigating
whether Yee also had committed more serious offenses, and court documents
included a variety of serious accusations of espionage. Yee was held in solitary
confinement at the Navy brig in Charleston, S.C., for more than two months.

But the case against Yee soon began to fall apart. Eventually the military
dropped all criminal charges against him, but it still pursued  accusations
growing out of the investigation that he had committed adultery and stored
pornographic images on a government computer. He was reprimanded for those
lesser offenses, but that ruling was thrown out on appeal.

"I have waited for months for an apology for the treatment to which I have been
subjected, but none has been forthcoming," Yee said in the statement released by
his attorney, Eugene R. Fidell. The Army has given no indication that it will
apologize to Yee, Fidell said.

The Army had no comment on Yee's case. A spokesman for the U.S. Southern
Command, which oversees the base at Guantanamo Bay, referred questions to the
Army base at Fort Lewis, Wash., where Yee is now posted. An Army spokesman there
said he could not comment because he had not received confirmation that Yee had
submitted a letter of resignation.

Yee grew up a Lutheran in New Jersey and after graduating from West Point
commanded a Patriot missile battery. He converted to Islam after serving in
Saudi Arabia after the 1991 Persian Gulf War. He then left active duty and
studied Islam in Syria. In the late 1990s, he rejoined the Army as a Muslim
cleric.

Yee intends to finish a master's degree in international relations at Troy State
University and may then pursue a doctorate, Fidell said.

"I think his case is going to resonate with people for a long time, because the
basis for his 76 days of solitary confinement remains unexplained," Fidell said
when asked about the impact of the case. "This case leaves you scratching your
head. How could an officer be put in solitary confinement for 76 days, and then
the case crumbles?"

Scott Silliman, a specialist in national security law at Duke University,
essentially agreed with that summary, saying the Yee case will be remembered as
an instance of the military bringing charges without adequately investigating
the matter. He said he worries that such premature action may be characteristic
of some military lawyers during wartime.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Clinton 'extremely careless' but not guilty; No Charges: FBI

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 872  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a yearlong investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage, with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support and her claim to competence undermined. The FBI
announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heartstopping, 16-minute
statement from director James Comey, whose every word held the potential to toss
the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016 U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information.

But he said past convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful
mishandling or a desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had full-time
security staff, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand workrelated emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said the campaign is "pleased that the career
officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no further action
by the department is appropriate."

Fallon added that Clinton has said previously that it was a "mistake to use her
personal email and she would not do it again."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

By the time she announced her presidential bid, a few weeks after the scandal
broke, her popularity was in negative territory. A Gallup poll says only 32 per
cent of Americans now deem her trustworthy.

Her favourable rating is now minus 16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus 28
per cent.

She leads the likely Republican nominee in virtually every national poll.

Trump reacted by pivoting to his preferred election message that she's part of a
corrupt establishment and, in this season of voter restlessness, he's the
establishment-smashing outsider. "The system is rigged," Trump tweeted.

"General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad
judgment."

In fact, Gen. David Petraeus was charged after evidence showed he used a covert
tactic for passing along messages to his mistress through his email draft
folder.

While some commentators sputtered in frustration at Comey's decision, few
accused him of political hackery.

Comey is a Republican who donated to Obama's election opponents John McCain and
Mitt Romney. His agency spent three and a half hours interrogating Clinton over
the weekend.

The Obama administration announced last week that it would follow the advice of
the FBI and justice officials in deciding whether to prosecute her - Comey's
announcement Tuesday renders the possibility of that outcome virtually nil.

The Canadian Press !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after FBI director
James Comey said the agency would not recommend charges in the Hillary Clinton
email investigation, she appeared with President Barack Obama in Charlotte,
N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Clinton 'extremely careless' but not guilty; No Charges: FBI

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; Analysis; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 872  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a yearlong investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage, with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support and her claim to competence undermined. The FBI
announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping, 16-minute
statement from director James Comey, whose every word held the potential to toss
the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016 U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information.

But he said past convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful
mishandling or a desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had full-time
security staff, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand workrelated emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said the campaign is "pleased that the career
officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no further action
by the department is appropriate."

Fallon added that Clinton has said previously that it was a "mistake to use her
personal email and she would not do it again."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

By the time she announced her presidential bid, a few weeks after the scandal
broke, her popularity was in negative territory. A Gallup poll says only 32 per
cent of Americans now deem her trustworthy.

Her favourable rating is now minus 16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus 28
per cent.

She leads the likely Republican nominee in virtually every national poll.

Trump reacted by pivoting to his preferred election message that she's part of a
corrupt establishment and, in this season of voter restlessness, he's the
establishment-smashing outsider. "The system is rigged," Trump tweeted.

"General Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad
judgment."

In fact, Gen. David Petraeus was charged after evidence showed he used a covert
tactic for passing along messages to his mistress through his email draft
folder.

While some commentators sputtered in frustration at Comey's decision, few
accused him of political hackery.

Comey is a Republican who donated to Obama's election opponents John McCain and
Mitt Romney. His agency spent three and a half hours interrogating Clinton over
the weekend.

The Obama administration announced last week that it would follow the advice of
the FBI and justice officials in deciding whether to prosecute her - Comey's
announcement Tuesday renders the possibility of that outcome virtually nil.

The Canadian Press !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after FBI director
James Comey said the agency would not recommend charges in the Hillary Clinton
email investigation, she appeared with President Barack Obama in Charlotte,
N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'Careless': FBI; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words

DATELINE: Washington


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Clinton 'careless': fbi; Democrat avoids charges, takes political hit

BYLINE: Alexander Panett A, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WORLD; In Washington; Pg. N1

LENGTH: 643 words


Hillary Clinton has learned she won't be arrested while running for president -
that's the good news after a year-long investigation by the FBI into her unusual
email habits.

The bad news is that the blast radius from the missile she dodged has inflicted
far-reaching political damage with polls showing her popularity impaired, her
credibility on life support, and her claim to competence undermined.

The FBI announced Tuesday that it won't recommend charges in a heart-stopping,
16-minute statement from director James Comey whose every word held the
potential to toss the Democratic nomination into disarray and shape the 2016
U.S. election.

Comey said laws might have been broken. In cases like this, he said, charges
could sometimes be laid for mishandling classified information. But he said past
convictions involved a variety of factors - including wilful mishandling or a
desire to harm the national interest.

"We do not see those things here," Comey said.

"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case ... In
looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts."

That likely concludes her legal saga; the political one is barely underway.

Before making the big announcement, Comey inflicted additional political damage.

He called her reckless with classified information, including eight top-secret
messages he said should never have been on a private email system. He said it
was sloppily safeguarded - even a Gmail account would have had a full-time
security staffer, which her homemade server didn't have.

And he smashed the storyline Clinton has been offering the public.

She has explained she set up her extra-governmental email system for
convenience, wanting all private and work messages on one device. Comey revealed
that over the years she had used multiple servers, and multiple devices.

Comey contradicted Clinton's past explanations in the case that she had turned
over all of her emails and that she had never sent or received any emails that
were classified at the time. The FBI chief said that in the course of the
investigation, 110 emails in 52 email chains were determined to contain
classified information at the time they were sent or received. He also found
that "several thousand work-related emails" were not among the group of 30,000
emails Clinton turned over in 2014.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said.

Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement that the campaign is "pleased
that the career officials" overseeing the investigation "have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate."

The FBI's unflattering recitation of the facts cast a shadow over what was to be
a bright day on the Clinton campaign. A few hours later, she was appearing with
Barack Obama at the president's first rally of the 2016 campaign.

The fact that she's now leaning on the president illustrates the damage done
over the past year.

Before the email scandal, Clinton was far more popular than the incumbent. Her
favourable rating in early March of last year was high - nine per cent more
people viewed her favourably than unfavourably, according to polls compiled by
Real Clear Politics.

Her favourable rating is now minus-16 per cent.

But Clinton's likely general-election opponent is the most unpopular
presidential candidate in the history of modern polling. Donald Trump is 12
percentage points less popular than her - his favourability rating is minus-28
per cent. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Susan Walsh, The Associated Press; Just a few hours after the FBI's
recitation of the facts in the Hillary Clinton email investigation, she appeared
with Barack Obama in Charlotte, N.C.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

POSSIBLE MISHANDLING OF TRUST ACCOUNTS PROMPTS AG TO LOOK AT WILBURTON
FACILITY'S OWNERS ;
Nursing home investigated

BYLINE: RANDY ELLIS, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE NORTH; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 706 words


Owners of a financially troubled Wilburton nursing home are under investigation
by the Oklahoma attorney general's office for the possible mishandling of
residents' trust accounts.

The investigation was requested by the state Health Department after
irregularities were detected during a Nov. 29 monitoring survey of Community
Care Center of Wilburton, said Jim Buck, Health Department assistant chief of
long term care.

Based on interviews and document reviews, "it was determined the facility failed
to protect resident funds and to ensure residents' funds were available" for use
by the 22 residents who kept money in trust accounts overseen by the nursing
home, inspectors said.

Nursing home Administrator Mitchell Townsend told state inspectors he never saw
the residents' checks or bank statements and that those accounts were managed by
the home's owners.

The Wilburton nursing home is operated by Bass Healthcare Enterprises, LLC,
which is owned by Jeffery L. Butcher and Chris Whitney, both of Fort Smith,
Ark., and pharmacist Jeff Pippenger of Eufaula.

Records reveal the IRS filed a $277,603 federal tax lien against Bass Healthcare
on Oct. 12 for allegedly failing to remit taxes on a form for reporting income
taxes, Social Security taxes and Medicare taxes that have been withheld from
employees' paychecks, along with the employer's share of Social Security and
Medicare taxes.

Butcher and Whitney also are listed as owners of Newkirk Holdings, LLC, which
operates Newkirk Nursing Center. That limited liability company had a $195,229
federal tax lien filed against it Oct. 12 for failure to pay those same type
taxes, plus unemployment taxes.

Pippenger confirmed he is an investor in the Wilburton nursing home but said his
two partners manage the finances.

"I don't get to see the money at all," he said, adding that he is as anxious as
anyone to find out what has been happening.

"It does have me pretty concerned," Pippenger said. "The last thing I wanted -
ever - was to have my integrity associated with it.

"That's not my way of doing things and I don't want my integrity drug through
the mud," he said. "What they consider normal business is not necessarily normal
business for me ... I told them to buy me out a couple years ago and they are
getting the finances to buy me out."

Butcher and Whitney did not return telephone calls seeking comment.

There are several signs that the Wilburton nursing home has been struggling
financially for months.

Staff members told Health Department inspectors there have been instances in the
past where employees have had to dig into their own pockets to purchase food and
medical supplies for residents. Vendors refused to provide credit because bills
had not been paid, employees said.

"Staff had not reported the lack of supplies or food because they were afraid of
losing their jobs," one employee told inspectors.

There also have been instances in which employee paychecks have bounced and
employees have had trouble getting medical care because health insurance
premiums apparently had not been paid, despite money being withheld from
employee paychecks, knowledgeable sources told The Oklahoman.

On Dec. 9, the state Health Department sent a letter to the Wilburton nursing
home administrator informing him that the agency was recommending the nursing
home be fined $150 a day and denied payments for any new Medicare or Medicaid
patients because of problems at the center.

The Wilburton nursing home has since submitted a plan of correction, revealing
its plans to correct problems by last Friday. State Health Department officials
accepted the plan and said they would monitor the nursing home's progress toward
compliance.

"If we find that your facility is in substantial compliance with all
requirements, we will certify your facility for further participation in the
Medicare/Medicaid program," wrote Jerry Taylor, enforcement coordinator.
"However, if your facility has failed to achieve substantial compliance,
remedy(ies) will continue until such time as you achieve substantial
compliance."

Despite the Wilburton center's problems, state inspectors found adequate food
supplies on hand during recent visits, and the needs of residents were being
met, Buck said.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 4, 2012 Wednesday

Grand Forks County sued over alleged mishandling of man's estate

BYLINE: Chris Bieri, Grand Forks Herald, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 495 words


April 04--Grand Forks County faces a lawsuit from the guardian of a man whose
estate was allegedly mismanaged by a county employee.

Barb Zavala's unaccounted handling of Paul Veum's estate cost him $33,690, says
the suit, which was filed by attorney Timothy C. Lamb March 23 in Grand Forks
County District Court.

Zavala was the county's public administrator and veterans service officer until
late January, when she abruptly resigned. The County Commission had accused her
of misappropriating funds and giving false information to law enforcement.

Zavala did not return a phone message left at her residence.

Grand Forks County State's Attorney Peter Welte deferred comment on the suit,
saying, "It would be inappropriate for anyone to talk about this at this time."

The suit identifies five separate counts, each seeking at least $50,000 in
damages.

BCI probe

So far there has been no criminal charges against Zavala or Cathy Westensee, her
assistant who resigned at the same time she did and issued a nearly identical
resignation letter to hers.

But Lamb said the North Dakota Bureau of Criminal Investigation is probing
Zavala's actions, though he said it shouldn't affect his suit.

The BCI refused to confirm or deny an investigation into the two women.

Unclear records

Zavala, through her position as public administrator, acted as temporary
conservator of Veum's estate and his guardian from July 27 to Oct. 26, the suit
says. During that time there were no accounting or reports made of his assets as
required by law.

Veum's longtime friend Janie Marcotte of Salina, Kan., was granted permanent
guardianship in late October. At one point Veum, 75, moved to Salina, but he has
since moved to a nursing home in Lakota, N.D., according to Lamb, who was hired
by Marcotte.

Among the charges the suit makes are:

- From Aug. 3 to Nov. 3, there was $5,407.40 in unaccounted withdrawals made
from Veum's Gate City Bank account.

- In early 2011, Veum bought a 2002 Chevy Silverado 1500 pickup for $8,400 with
a trade in. There is no record of the vehicle being sold, but the suit assumes a
deposit into Veum's bank account on Sept. 14 for $4,000 was the proceeds of its
sale. That's $7,075 below the vehicle's market value of $11,075.

- Veum also had $21,215 in personal belongings, still unaccounted for, taken
from his property at 4088 Pioneer Drive in Grand Forks.

Lamb said he doesn't know whether there was actual theft from Veum's estate
because of the lack of accounting.

"As we go through this process, there's some discovery we've asked for," he
said. "We've asked for some accountability for some property that's missing. We
don't know where it's at. It's yet to be determined where those items are, but
they're gone."

Reach Bieri at (701) 780-1118; (800) 477-6572, ext. 118; or send email to
cbieri@gfherald.com

___ (c)2012 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120404-GF-Grand-Forks-County-sued-over-alleged-mishandling
-of-man-s-estate-0404-20120404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2012 Grand Forks Herald


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 2, 2014, Friday

SEXUAL ASSAULT IN W.VA.;
Feds: 2 colleges probed;
Bethany, WVSOM on Title IX inquiry list

BYLINE: Mackenzie Mays, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 766 words


Two West Virginia colleges are under federal investigation for possibly
mishandling sexual-assault cases.

Bethany College, in the Northern Panhandle, and the West Virginia School of
Osteopathic Medicine, in Lewisburg, are two of 55 schools in the country on a
list released Thursday by the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil
Rights. The schools on the list are being investigated for possible violations
of Title IX - a law that prohibits gender discrimination at schools that receive
federal funding.

The list, which is to be regularly updated, has never been made public before.
It's the latest push by the Obama administration to publicize rape cases
occurring on college campuses and school administrators' handling of them. One
in five women is sexually assaulted while in college, according to the National
Institute of Justice, an arm of the Department of Justice.

Other schools on the list include Harvard, the University of Southern
California, Florida State University and Ohio State University.

The list has no correlation to the number of sexual-assault complaints on a
campus - only the school's potential mishandling of them - and a college's
appearance on the list does not mean it has violated the law.

In fall 2012, the School of Osteopathic Medicine - one of the state's three
medical schools - received a student's report of sexual misconduct that
allegedly occurred off-campus. The school is conducting an internal
investigation, WVSOM spokeswoman Denise Getson said Thursday.

Getson said the school is "cooperating fully with the Office of Civil Rights
investigation of whether a Title IX infraction occurred.

Rebecca Rose, director of communications for Bethany College, a private,
Christian-affiliated school, said administrators were notified of the Department
of Education's investigation earlier this week and that it's based on an alleged
sexual assault reported on campus this fall.

"Upon the assault being reported to the college, law enforcement was immediately
contacted by college personnel. At that time, law enforcement launched an
investigation that ran concurrent to the internal student conduct investigation
that the college initiated, Rose said via email.

The matter also was investigated by local and state police and taken to court in
Brooke County, but there was no indictment, Rose said.

"The College always reserves the right to reopen any investigation if new
evidence is provided. Because the safety of our students is our priority, we
take any allegations of sexual assault very seriously, she said.

Nikki Godfrey, campus project coordinator for the West Virginia Foundation for
Rape Information and Services, said it's crucial for college administrators to
abide by laws like Title IX and the Clery Act - which requires schools that
receive federal funding to disclose information about campus crime - but it's
also complicated.

"It's a big process. It's a big learning curve, and we know that it is a huge
issue on college campuses. So it's a challenge, Godfrey said. "We work with the
campuses to help develop stronger policies and protocols in addressing sexual
assault to provide a fair process for individuals, but also to make sure we're
meeting the needs of victims on campuses.

The organization is assisting in a statewide Title IX training session for the
colleges next week, sponsored by the Department of Education's Office of Civil
Rights.

"The campuses have a huge job making sure they meet all their requirements under
Title IX and that they outline the rights of victims while also making sure that
they provide fair and equal investigations for both individuals, Godfrey said.

For example, colleges should implement a "two-click rule, which means students
can find information on how to report sexual assault on a university's website
within two clicks of the mouse, Godfrey said.

WV FRIS is a state sexual-assault coalition established in the 1980s and
composed of nine rape crisis centers.

Godfrey said that while the national push is needed, she's confident in the
state's focus on sexual assault. The West Virginia Intercollegiate Council on
Sexual Violence was formed more than a decade ago and has created material
available on campuses and provides quarterly forums on policies and prevention.

"I like to think that we have a really good relationship with our campuses in
West Virginia, she said. "We really work with them to address any issues they
have.

For more information, visit www.fris.org or the White House's recently launched
website, www.notalone.gov.

Reach Mackenzie Mays at mackenzie.mays@wvgazette.com or at 304-348-4814.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Out to See the World but Lost in Transportation

BYLINE: Mihir Mishra & Anirban Chowdhury

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 901 words


The recent case of minister of state Nirmala Sitharaman losing her luggage on an
Air India flight highlights a chronic problem hundreds of travellers face,
especially on international flights.

While aviation regulator, the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), and
consumer forums such as the Air Passengers Association of India don't record
incidents of misplaced luggage, airport employees and passenger representatives
say baggage mishandling is rampant in international flights.

"My guess is at least 100 to 150 passengers suffer every week from the delayed
delivery of baggage. India could be second only to the UK in terms of baggage
loss," said Sudhakara Reddy, president of Air Passengers Association of India.

"The aviation regulator must put in place a system for airlines to report
details on delayed or damaged baggage plus levy a heavy penalty depending on

the time taken in retrieving the bag as well as weight of the bag," he told ET.

Currently, the authorities don't track of incidents of luggage loss."It is up to
the airlines to maintain it," a former DGCA told ET.

Earlier this month, Sitharaman reached

Cairns for the G20 summit without her baggage since Air India unloaded it in
Melbourne instead of Sydney where she took her connecting flight. The minister
had to wait for hours and skip the reception dinner before the national carrier
delivered her checked-in luggage.

It was later found out that the fault for the missing baggage was of the ground
handling staff in New Delhi, who loaded her bag in the container that was to be
unloaded in Melbourne and not Sydney, where Sitharaman had to get off for a
connecting flight to Cairns.

"The minister's baggage was loaded in the wrong (Melbourne) container, whereas,
she had to travel till Sydney," said an official in the know.

It could not be found whether the same flight had any other affected passenger
or not. There are, however, innumerable number of examples of baggage
mishandling that are neither chronicled nor is a complaint lodged.

Avtansh Agarwal, an executive with a global pharma company, travelled from
Mumbai to New York by Air India flight 141. On arrival at JFK airport, he found

his luggage hadn't arrived. He had a further connection to Raleigh, North
Carolina with American Airlines.

"Their staff advised me to take the connecting flight and register a formal
missing bag complaint at the Raleight airport with American Airlines. I duly did
that and American Airlines was extremely cooperative. They were able to track
down and deliver the missing baggage at my office address 36 hours later,"
Aggarwal said. "However, the more surprising (and frustrating) issue was that
Air India completely shirked its responsibility and I had to approach American
Airlines," he added.

Air India was recently asked to pay . 50,000 by a consumer forum to a passen`
ger for lost luggage. Last year, the air

line was asked to pay .

`12.24 lakh to a consumer after it alleged that the person's complaint of lost
luggage was fake.

In September 2009, a journalist took an early morning Kingfisher flight for
Delhi to attend a conference. On landing, he figured out that his luggage, which
had his formals, was sent to Kolkata. After a few hours of waiting at the
airport, he was paid a compensation of .

`5,000 to buy formals to attend the conference.

The luggage was delivered later.

A senior executive with a ground handling company said the problem of
mishandling of bags is more with international flights that are routed through a
hub. "According to the International Air Transport Association (IATA, that
represents some 240 mostly major airlines), mishandling of 2% of the total
baggage is permissible. And the domestic airlines would be doing it much less -
about 4 bags for every 1,000 passengers - that are under the permissible limit,"
the person said.

While an India-specific data on baggage mishandling is not available, a report
by SITA, leading IT and telecommunications service provider to the aviation
industry, showed that the rate of baggage loss during 2013 globally was about
6.96 per 1,000 passengers. It also said transfer bags continue to suffer the
most baggage delays. In 2013 they accounted for 45% of all delayed bags.

While DGCA doesn't record instances and complaints of lost baggage, it lists
hundreds of complaints over issues such as undue cancellations of flights.

And, almost every month, Air India has the biggest number of complaints as well
as unresolved complains. In August, out of 712 complaints filed against all
carriers, 189 were against the national carrier. The number of unresolved
complaints came to 29, which for most others was zero. SpiceJet had 11
unresolved complaints in its name.

On lost and found baggage, international carriers have come a long way in terms
of resolving problems quickly and efficiently. "We have made our baggage
tracking systems more seamless and eliminated many stages of manual operations
and brought in automation into the whole process," said Wolfgang Will, South
Asia director of Lufthansa.

"Also, there is constantly increasing focus on the passenger. While earlier when
a baggage was misplaced in transit, we only informed the destinations stations,
now we make sure our in-flight crew informs the passenger and talks and assures
him he will get his luggage soon. Our index of 'left-behind' baggage is now less
than 1% of our total baggage carrier in every flight," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Suit alleges major problems at lender run by Mnuchin

BYLINE: Ylan Q. Mui

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 1072 words


Whistleblowers accuse bank of mishandling loan modification requests

Whistleblowers connected to the California mortgage lender once run by treasury
secretary nominee Steve Mnuchin have accused the bank in federal court of
mishandling more than a thousand applications for loan modifications during his
tenure - potentially costing many borrowers their homes.

One of the whistleblowers, Andrew Mitchell, worked at OneWest Bank for three
years and was responsible for processing mortgage modification requests. In a
lawsuit filed in 2014, Mitchell said he aired his concerns directly with Mnuchin
and other top OneWest executives but that the issues were not resolved.

The case is under review by the Justice Department, which is required to assess
all complaints brought under the federal False Claims Act, commonly known as the
whistleblower law. Court records show that the Justice Department is slated to
determine whether to prosecute the case by the end of March - well after
President-elect Donald Trump's administration hopes to have Sen. Jeff Sessions
(R-Ala.) installed to lead the agency and Mnuchin confirmed as treasury
secretary.

Typically, whistleblower lawsuits are filed under seal. But the allegations
against OneWest outlined in this article were made public after the Justice
Department initially opted in March not to follow up on the case. The
whistleblowers amended their complaint in October, prompting a second look from
Justice that is ongoing. The latest version of the complaint is under seal.

"This is another example of the media sensationalizing allegation over fact, and
the fact here is that the DOJ reviewed these allegations and declined to take up
the case," Mnuchin spokeswoman Tara Bradshaw said.

Mitchell declined to comment for this article. One of his attorneys, Jason
Lichtman of Lieff Cabraser Heimann and Bernstein, also declined to comment.

CIT Group, which acquired OneWest in 2015, did not comment as well. A person
with knowledge of the proceedings said the bank has not responded to the
allegations in court.

The whistleblower case is one of a litany of lawsuits alleging that OneWest
wrongfully foreclosed on homeowners while Mnuchin helmed the company -
accusations that Democrats are certain to seize on during his confirmation
hearing Thursday. Progressive groups began airing state TV ads Wednesday linking
OneWest to the worst abuses of the financial crisis, hoping to target Republican
senators Dean Heller in Nevada, Jeff Flake and John McCain in Arizona, and
Charles E. Grassley and Joni Ernst in Iowa. On Capitol Hill, Sen. Elizabeth
Warren (D-Mass.) hosted a forum Wednesday featuring homeowners foreclosed on by
OneWest.

"Judging by Mr. Mnuchin's tenure as head of OneWest bank, there is significant
evidence that he has no interest in working for the benefit of all Americans,"
Warren said. "OneWest was notorious for its belligerence and its cruelty."

Mitchell said he worked for OneWest as a specialist in "loss mitigation" -
industry parlance for evaluating homeowners' requests to stave off foreclosure
by modifying their mortgages. In his lawsuit, Mitchell said he repeatedly
notified his supervisors of problems with the bank's procedures, at one point
threatening to reach out to the television news program "60 Minutes" with his
accusations.

In January 2012, Mitchell said he took his concerns all the way to the top. He
met with Mnuchin and at least three other bank executives at OneWest's
headquarters in Pasadena, Calif., according to the complaint. He described to
them faulty formulas for analyzing applications, technical glitches that
misclassified loans and a pervasive lack of training and staff to handle complex
financial products and navigate the government's cumbersome regulations.

Court documents show that Mitchell stopped working at OneWest a month later.
According to two people familiar with the matter, the bank then hired Mitchell
as a consultant and told him to correct the errors he had identified. One of
those people said the bank implemented at least some of his suggestions but did
not specify which ones.

But Mitchell alleges that OneWest never fixed the problems.

"There has been no evidence to suggest that OneWest's policies or procedures
have been changed to address these very important issues," the lawsuit states.

It is unclear what allegations from Mitchell's 2014 complaint remain in the
updated version. Legal experts said whistleblower suits are often amended
several times to add new facts, change defendants or push new arguments. Justice
officials can spend years weighing whether to prosecute a case.

Many financial institutions, including some of the nation's biggest banks, have
been hit with similar lawsuits. The second whistleblower in the case against
OneWest, Michael Fisher, worked for a law firm that represented homeowners
requesting modifications from the bank. He and one of his attorneys have sued
several other mortgage companies as well, resulting in a $30 million settlement
with Atlanta-based Ocwen Financial last year.

The OneWest suit estimates the bank could owe the federal government more than
$100 million if it is found to have violated modification guidelines.

"The same lawyer who brought this case brought almost identical cases against at
least eight other banks, showing that this is a lawyer-driven scheme to make
money, not a legitimate case, let alone a case that is specific to OneWest,"
Bradshaw said.

Mnuchin, a veteran Wall Street investor and former Goldman Sachs executive, led
the consortium of investors that purchased the subprime mortgage lender formerly
known as IndyMac from the federal government in 2009 for $1.6 billion after its
spectacular collapse during the housing bust. Mnuchin renamed the bank OneWest
and ran it for six years.

Many of the mortgages he acquired were among the worst-performing loans in the
country, made to the riskiest borrowers with little to no documentation. When
Mnuchin took control of OneWest, roughly 178,000 homes were already in
foreclosure, Bradshaw said. The bank offered homeowners more than 101,000 loan
modifications, many of which also promised to forgive part of borrowers'
mortgages, she said.

Mnuchin sold the bank to CIT Group in 2015 for $3.4 billion but retained a seat
on its board of directors. He stepped down from that role in December, after his
nomination, and pledged to divest his stake in the company if he is confirmed.

ylan.mui@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday

UnitedHealth facing big fine for thousands of alleged violations

BYLINE: By Barbara Feder Ostrov Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Local; News; Science; San Jose - Valley; Communities

LENGTH: 858 words


UnitedHealth, the nation's largest health insurer, faces penalties of up to $1.3
billion from California regulators for thousands of alleged violations that
include wrongly denying claims, losing patient records and failing to respond to
complaints.

State Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner said Tuesday he is suing
UnitedHealth's California subsidiary, Pacificare, for mishandling tens of
thousands of "preferred provider" plan claims between 2005 and 2007. The lawsuit
will be heard by an administrative law judge.

"I want to send a clear signal that I won't tolerate shoddy payment practices,"
Poizner said at a news conference in San Francisco. "When people are sick,
that's when they rely on their insurance company. We tried to work with them,
but they were unable or unwilling to fix the problems."

The Department of Managed Health Care, which oversees Pacificare/United's HMO
business, also fined the insurer $3.5 million for its mishandling of managed
care claims.

A joint investigation by the two agencies found that Pacificare, which merged
with United Health in 2005, also failed to pay claims in a timely manner,
incorrectly paid claims and mishandled provider networks. The investigation
uncovered 130,000 alleged violations of state law.

Pacificare spokesman Tyler Mason said the company has taken "aggressive steps"
to address these issues and improve service to California stakeholders.

The company has added 50 full-time workers in California to handle claims
issues, he said.

Many of the alleged violations cited by state regulators involved administrative
oversight and did not harm doctors or patients, Mason said. "We recognize that
the pace of the (merger) transition . . . may have resulted in some physicians
and other care providers experiencing inconsistent service in the past."

Poizner's "take is that we could have done more, faster, and we don't disagree
with that," Mason said.

However, Mason said, Pacificare has not agreed to pay the $3.5 million fine and
has not decided whether to appeal.

Poizner also said Tuesday he would begin audits of eight more of California's
largest health insurers, sending shudders through the industry. State regulators
already have recovered $1 million from Pacificare after their investigations.

UnitedHealth fell as much as 3.6 percent in New York Stock Exchange trading
Tuesday upon the news. It closed Tuesday at $50.78, down 2.3 percent.

Pacificare's problems stem from its $9.2 billion merger with UnitedHealth, which
created the nation's largest insurer and added 3 million Californians to a
roster of 27 million Americans insured by the mega-company.

"California's two regulatory agencies have taken the important step of banding
together to tell United/Pacificare 'enough is enough,' " said Dr. Richard
Frankenstein, president of the California Medical Association, which last year
asked regulators to investigate the company. "For-profit health plans have made
billions of dollars in California by putting profits ahead of patients. Just
because United said they're sorry and will pay fines, it doesn't mean patients
are protected and won't continue to suffer."

Kim Griffin, a registered nurse who manages her husband Dr. Michael Griffin's
pediatric cardiology practice in San Mateo, said she spent hours on the phone
with UnitedHealth representatives trying to get a new contract after the merger
with Pacificare.

"We had a really terrible time dealing with them," she said. She and other local
medical office managers "came to a conclusion that there was a concerted effort
by United to keep everyone confused."

The Griffins continued to accept the insurance, but are now being paid less than
before the merger. The only reason they don't drop it entirely, Kim Griffin
said, is that 20 percent of their young patients have that insurance, and she
didn't want them to have to change doctors during difficult medical treatment.

Sheryl Skolnick, a health care analyst for Stamford, Conn.-based CRT Capital
Group, said it's unlikely that Pacificare/United ultimately will have to pay
$1.3 billion in penalties because the state first would have to prove that all
of the violations were willful and not inadvertent. The company last week
acknowledged that it could lose as many as 400,000 customers because of poor
service.

Still, Tuesday's headline-grabbing penalties in California will probably make
more difficult Pacificare/United's attempts to regain market share in California
and other states where it has experienced claims problems, Skolnick said.
UnitedHealth's "significant character trait of hubris" seems to have abated
somewhat as the company recognizes the severity of problems created by its
merger with Pacificare, she said.

"Kudos to the regulators for doing their job," Skolnick said.
Pacificare/UnitedHealth "has a tough road ahead and they're under tremendous
pressure."

IF YOU'RE INTERESTED

For details about Poizner's announcement, see his press release online at
www.insurance.ca.gov/ 0400-news/0100-press-releases/
0070-2008/release007-08.cfm.

Mercury News wire services contributed to this report. Contact Barbara Feder
Ostrov at  bfeder@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5064.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Air India's lax regulation, lethargy & shoddy compensation leading to menace of
misplacing baggage

BYLINE: Mihir Mishra & Anirban Chowdhury

SECTION: AIRLINES / AVIATION

LENGTH: 911 words


NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: The recent case of minister of state Nirmala Sitharaman losing
her luggage on an Air India flight highlights a chronic problem hundreds of
travellers face, especially on international flights.

While aviation regulator, the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), and
consumer forums such as the Air Passengers Association of India don't record
incidents of misplaced luggage, airport employees and passenger representatives
say baggage mishandling is rampant in international flights.

"My guess is at least 100 to 150 passengers suffer every week from the delayed
delivery of baggage. India could be second only to the UK in terms of baggage
loss," said Sudhakara Reddy, president of Air Passengers Association of India.

"The aviation regulator must put in place a system for airlines to report
details on delayed or damaged baggage plus levy a heavy penalty depending on the
time taken in retrieving the bag as well as weight of the bag," he told ET.

Currently, the authorities don't track of incidents of luggage loss. "It is up
to the airlines to maintain it," a former DGCA told ET.

Earlier this month, Sitharaman reached Cairns for the G20 summit without her
baggage since Air India unloaded it in Melbourne instead of Sydney where she
took her connecting flight. The minister had to wait for hours and skip the
reception dinner before the national carrier delivered her checked-in luggage.

It was later found out that the fault for the missing baggage was of the ground
handling staff in New Delhi, who loaded her bag in the container that was to be
unloaded in Melbourne and not Sydney, where Sitharaman had to get off for a
connecting flight to Cairns.

"The minister's baggage was loaded in the wrong (Melbourne) container, whereas,
she had to travel till Sydney," said an official in the know.

It could not be found whether the same flight had any other affected passenger
or not. There are, however, innumerable number of examples of baggage
mishandling that are neither chronicled nor is a complaint lodged.

Avtansh Agarwal, an executive with a global pharma company, travelled from
Mumbai to New York by Air India flight 141. On arrival at JFK airport, he found
his luggage hadn't arrived. He had a further connection to Raleigh, North
Carolina with American Airlines.

"Their staff advised me to take the connecting flight and register a formal
missing bag complaint at the Raleight airport with American Airlines. I duly did
that and American Airlines was extremely cooperative. They were able to track
down and deliver the missing baggage at my office address 36 hours later,"
Aggarwal said. "However, the more surprising (and frustrating) issue was that
Air India completely shirked its responsibility and I had to approach American
Airlines," he added.

Air India was recently asked to payRs 50,000 by a consumer forum to a passenger
for lost luggage. Last year, the airline was asked to pay Rs 12.24 lakh to a
consumer after it alleged that the person's complaint of lost luggage was fake.

In September 2009, a journalist took an early morning Kingfisher flight for
Delhi to attend a conference. On landing, he figured out that his luggage, which
had his formals, was sent to Kolkata. After a few hours of waiting at the
airport, he was paid a compensation of Rs 5,000 to buy formals to attend the
conference.

The luggage was delivered later.

A senior executive with a ground handling company said the problem of
mishandling of bags is more with international flights that are routed through a
hub. "According to the International Air Transport Association (IATA, that
represents some 240 mostly major airlines), mishandling of 2% of the total
baggage is permissible. And the domestic airlines would be doing it much less -
about 4 bags for every 1,000 passengers - that are under the permissible limit,"
the person said.

While an India-specific data on baggage mishandling is not available, a report
by SITA, leading IT and telecommunications service provider to the aviation
industry, showed that the rate of baggage loss during 2013 globally was about
6.96 per 1,000 passengers. It also said transfer bags continue to suffer the
most baggage delays. In 2013 they accounted for 45% of all delayed bags.

While DGCA doesn't record instances and complaints of lost baggage, it lists
hundreds of complaints over issues such as undue cancellations of flights.

And, almost every month, Air India has the biggest number of complaints as well
as unresolved complains. In August, out of 712 complaints filed against all
carriers, 189 were against the national carrier. The number of unresolved
complaints came to 29, which for most others was zero. SpiceJet had 11
unresolved complaints in its name.

On lost and found baggage, international carriers have come a long way in terms
of resolving problems quickly and efficiently. "We have made our baggage
tracking systems more seamless and eliminated many stages of manual operations
and brought in automation into the whole process," said Wolfgang Will, South
Asia director of Lufthansa.

"Also, there is constantly increasing focus on the passenger. While earlier when
a baggage was misplaced in transit, we only informed the destinations stations,
now we make sure our in-flight crew informs the passenger and talks and assures
him he will get his luggage soon. Our index of 'left-behind' baggage is now less
than 1% of our total baggage carrier in every flight," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Ohio: Lima attorney faces loss of license, possible criminal charges

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: Columbus


The Ohio Supreme Court, The State of Ohio has issued the following news release:

A Lima attorney accused of mishandling thousands of dollars because of a
gambling problem may lose his law license and face criminal charges.

The Board of Commissioners on Grievances and Discipline for the Ohio Supreme
Court has recommended Stephen L. Becker be permanently disbarred from the
practice of law. The matter is pending with the state's highest court, where the
judges on the court make the final determination.

The board found Becker violated various rules of conduct by mishandling money
while engaged in the practice of law. Becker admitted to having a gambling
problem and taking money from various accounts to pay gambling debts, including
numerous checks to casinos, according to records.

Allen County Prosecutor Juergen Waldick said the matter has been referred to his
office to investigate but no charges had been filed yet.

Becker, who has been an attorney since 1975, could not be reached for comment
Friday. The disciplinary report said he may be living in Florida.

In one case, Becker was the guardian for a disabled nephew and used his money to
make loans to his secretary at the time and his daughter, which is not
permitted. He also mishandled funds in the guardianship for an aunt and later
her estate after she died, according to records.

Becker was one of the beneficiaries in his aunt's will and said that was a
reason he took money from her before she died, according to records.

Becker was supposed to distribute funds from his aunt's estate to two other
beneficiaries shortly after her death but didn't. He told board members he
gambled the money away, according to records.

For further information please visit: http://www.courtnewsohio.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Attorney faces suspension for 6 counts of misconduct

BYLINE: Erika Strebel

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 620  words


An attorney faces a six-month suspension of his law license for allegedly
practicing with a suspended license, mishandling money intended for his clients
and failing to communicate with those clients.

According to the State Bar and Wisconsin Court System websites, Amoun
Sayaovong's work address is in St. Paul, Minn. According to the Office of Lawyer
Regulation, the address does not exist.  But he has a website and phone number
that place him in Milwaukee.

Sayaovong was publicly reprimanded in 2014 for mishandling immigration and
Social Security cases. His license has been suspended since Feb. 19, 2014, for
not cooperating in an Office of Lawyer Regulation investigation of a grievance
related to the complaint filed against him. He also has not paid mandatory bar
dues or fulfilled continuing legal education requirements, according to the
State Bar website.

The OLR complaint filed Monday alleges six counts of misconduct involving three
of Sayaovong's clients and asks that the state Supreme Court suspend his license
for six months.

Sayaovong could not be immediately reached by email or phone Thursday.

According to the complaint, Sayaovong represented two clients in an accident
lawsuit, in which a $6,500 judgment, including $500 in attorney's fees, was
awarded to his clients in November 2010. The judgment was to be collected by
garnishing the defendant's wages starting in June 2011. The checks were sent to
Sayaovong, but he did not notify his clients, according to the complaint, though
he did periodically issue checks to them.

As of May 2012, the clients stopped received regular payments. The defendant
lost his job in July 2012, but agreed to continue making payments to Sayaovang,
but again, Sayavong did not communicate this to his clients until more than a
month after he made the agreement.

In September 2012, Sayavong sent the clients a check for payments from May
through August of 2012 and told his clients that he was negotiating to have them
paid directly, but the clients never received those payments, according to the
OLR. Sayaovang also did not respond to the emails and letters from the clients,
and when he did he wrote that he was waiting for information from the defendant.

The clients asked for an accounting of the money he had received from the
defendant, but Sayaovong never sent it. The clients filed a grievance with the
OLR. The OLR attempted to contact Sayaovong at several addresses and emailed
him, but he did not respond. There were also attempts to personally serve
Sayavong, but they were unsuccessful. The Supreme Court then suspended his
license after he failed to respond to an order to show cause.

The complaint also alleges that Savaovang practiced while his license was
administratively suspended. In October 2013, his license was administratively
suspended for failing to pay mandatory bar fees. The suspension remains in
effect.

In December 2013, Savaovang contacted opposing counsel on behalf of a client in
a small claims case. In January 2014, Savaovang and that attorney drafted a
stipulation to settle the lawsuit. After receiving the stipulation, the attorney
discovered that Sayaovang's license was suspended, and he filed a grievance
against him with the OLR. The OLR attempted to contact Sayaovang about the
grievance, but he did not respond, according to the complaint.

Once he is served, Sayaovang has 20 days to respond to the OLR's complaint.

Sayaovong graduated from the University of Michigan Law School in 2006 and was
admitted to practice law in Wisconsin in 2007.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 29, 2008 Tuesday

UnitedHealth facing up to $1.3 billion in fines for alleged payment problems

BYLINE: By Barbara Feder Ostrov Mercury News

SECTION: NEWS; Science; Breaking

LENGTH: 495 words


UnitedHealth, the nation's largest health insurer, faces penalties of up to $1.3
billion from California regulators for alleged payment problems that caused
chaos for both doctors and patients.

State Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner said Tuesday he is suing
UnitedHealth's California subsidiary, Pacificare Life and Health Insurance
Company, for mishandling tens of thousands of "preferred provider" plan claims
between 2005 and 2007. The lawsuit will be heard by an administrative law judge.

The Department of Managed Healthcare, which oversees Pacificare/United's HMO
business, also fined the insurer $3.5 million for its mishandling of managed
care claims.

"I want to send a clear signal that I won't tolerate shoddy payment practices,"
Poizner said at a press conference in San Francisco. "When people are sick,
that's when they rely on their insurance company. We tried to work with them,
but they were unable or unwilling to fix the problems."

A joint investigation by the two agencies found that Pacificare, which merged
with United Health in 2005, failed to pay claims in a timely manner, wrongly
denied claims, incorrectly paid claims, lost patients' records, mishandled
provider networks and failed to respond quickly to complaints. The investigation
uncovered 130,000 alleged violations of state law.

Pacificare has taken "aggressive steps" to address these issues and improve
service to California stakeholders, company spokesman Tyler Mason said in a
statement.

The company has added 50 new full-time workers in California to address claims
issues, he said.

"But we also recognize that the pace of the transition . . . may have resulted
in some physicians and other care providers experiencing inconsistent service in
the past."

Poizner also said he would begin audits of eight more of California's largest
health insurers, sending shudders through the industry. State regulators already
have recovered $1 million from a company after an investigation.

UnitedHealth fell as much as 3.6 percent in New York Stock Exchange trading
today upon the news.

Pacificare's problems stem from its $9.2 billion merger with UnitedHealth, which
created the nation's largest insurer and added three million Californians to a
roster of 27 million Americans insured by the mega-company.

"California's two regulatory agencies have taken the important step of banding
together to tell United/PacifiCare 'enough is enough,"' said Dr. Richard
Frankenstein, M.D., president of the California Medical Association, which last
year asked regulators to investigate the company.

"For-profit health plans have made billions of dollars in California by putting
profits ahead of patients. Just because United said they're sorry and will pay
fines, it doesn't mean patients are protected and won't continue to suffer."

IF YOU'RE INTERESTED:
http://www.insurance.ca.gov/0400-news/0100-press-releases/0070-2008/release007-0
8.cfm.

Contact Barbara Feder Ostrov at bfeder@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5064.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Franklin Drive Thru Safari cited for mishandling of zebra

BYLINE: Beth Brown, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


June 04--Following reports earlier this year of a zebra being mistreated at the
Franklin Drive Thru Safari, the U.S. Department of Agriculture cited the zoo for
mishandling the animal.

In February, PETA, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, filed a
compliant with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services to look into whether an
endangered zebra was drugged, chased and tackled to the ground as part of Animal
Planet's Call of the Wildman series. The show features Ernie Brown Jr.
responding to nuisance animal complaints. The episode in question aired in
August 2013.

This week, the USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service -- or APHIS --
released its inspection report from Feb. 24 in which the zoo was cited for
violating regulations for the handling of animals.

"The regulation clearly states that handling of animals must be done in a
careful manner that does not cause trauma, behavioral stress, physical harm or
unnecessary discomfort," the inspection report reads. "Allowing an animal to
physically be pulled to the ground in this manner could cause any or all of the
above."

The report then orders Jason Clay, who holds the license for the Franklin Drive
Thru Safari, to take all precautions to make sure that the animals are never
treated in a rough manner again.

Clay declined to comment.

Tanya Espinosa with APHIS said February's inspection was a focused inspection,
meaning it was not scheduled and was conducted specifically to find out more
information about the Animal Planet incident.

The citation amounts to a warning, and the zoo was not fined. Espinosa said if
the same zoo is cited again for noncompliance with the regulation, the agency
will look into launching an investigation, which could lead to a judge ruling to
suspend or revoke Clay's license.

Delicianna Winders, deputy general council for PETA, said zebras are flight
animals and are easily spooked. The zebra in question is a Grevy's zebra, which
is endangered. In the Animal Planet show, the zebra had allegedly escaped a
fenced-in yard.

"I think this new USDA citation shows what PETA has been saying all along: that
the show exploits and harasses animals," Winders said.

PETA is still awaiting investigations from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services.

___ (c)2014 The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) Visit The Eagle (Bryan, Texas) at
www.theeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140604-EG-Franklin-Drive-Thru-Safari-cited-for-mishandling
-of-zebra-0604-20140604

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2014 The Eagle


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 23, 2007 Monday
                                   F3 Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Fence Post; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 735 words


Web site does not reflect community

In recent months, we have observed in your paper letters to the editor
referencing a Web site called ctlnyc.com and advocating the public to visit this
Web site.

Ctlnyc holds itself out as a New York business with an address in New York City.
In fact, this "world wide" address is a storefront private post office box with
no offices.

The ctlnyc deception is further evidenced by a Web site created, operated and
managed by unknown persons and those who do post anonymously. The radio show is
a paid for promotional program hosted by an unknown person of unknown origins.
Is he also using a pseudonym? We challenge ctlnyc to publicly disclose the names
and addresses of all those who are involved in this Web site and radio show.

If you do decide to go to this Web site, you will see a clear example of what
our Geneva community, schools, and churches are not about; nor is it a
reflection of our values.

Ctlnyc has made a concerted effort to mock, ridicule and degrade not only our
Catholic Church hierarchy, of St. Peters, but also our mayor, his wife, our
alderpersons, police chief, our police officers and our states attorney's
office.

More importantly, ctlnyc has brought on its own abuse of the victims and their
families. Unfortunately, some in our community have become "ctlnyc private
investigators" to video, photograph and follow around parishioners and citizens
of Geneva as they go about their business in Geneva or at their homes.

On June 6, 2006, Kate Bochte and I were informed that there was a film company
at the Geneva courthouse doing a documentary on the mishandling of sexual abuse
by clergy and the Mark Campobello case.

We were introduced to a man who identified himself as an investigative reporter
for ctlnyc, an investigative documentary film company from New York City doing a
documentary film about the mishandling of sexual abuse by clergy in the Catholic
Church, the Mark Campobello case and the Rockford Diocese.

Kate Bochte and I spoke with this man about our concerns of the mishandling of
sexual abuse and to educate him about the "Charter for the Protection of
Children and Youth" endorsed by the United States Conference of American
Catholic Bishops. At no time did this man ask Kate Bochte or myself for
permission to publish or use this interview for any documentary, and we have not
give our permission.

CTL is a good example of the cyber-bullying and abuse which our community has
publicly denounced. We also need to be active and denounce Web sites like CTL.
Preserving and nurturing a healthy, safe, loving environment in our schools,
churches and community is a job for us all.

John & Mary Lu O'Halloran

Geneva

Senior citizens can get help on taxes

Recently, the Kane County Supervisor of Assessments mailed out form PTAX-340SA,
Application for Renewal of Senior Citizen Homestead Exemption and/or Senior
Citizen Assessment Freeze to senior citizen homeowners.

Many senior homeowners are not aware of the significant financial benefits
derived by filing for these exemptions/benefits. We urge all senior homeowners
to review the form to determine if they are eligible to participate.

The Assessment Freeze Homestead Exemption allows qualified senior citizens to
elect to maintain the current equalized assessed value of their home.
Eligibility is based on total household income.

If your total household income is $45,000 or less you could be eligible for 100
percent of the exemption.

If your income is between $45,001 and $50,000 you may be eligible to receive a
percentage of the exemption.

To qualify for the exemption for the 2007 taxable year, you must be 65 years of
age or older and have income of no more than $50,000 in 2006.

Also, you must have owned the property in question and used it as your principal
place of residence between Jan. 1, 2006 and Jan. 1, 2007.

Another benefit available for senior citizens is the Senior Citizen Tax Deferral
Program, which allows qualified seniors to defer payment of part or all of the
property taxes on their personal residence. Interest accrues on the deferred
payments. The deferred payments and accrued interest are repaid after the
taxpayer's death or at the time the property is sold.

We urge seniors receiving the form to read it carefully. Assistance to complete,
understand and file the form is available at the phone numbers listed on the
form.

Robert Rock

Senior Services Committee

Geneva Township

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     November 17, 2016 Thursday 7:37 PM GMT

David Petraeus in the running to be Trump's secretary of state;
Sources say former CIA director who pleaded guilty to mishandling classified
information refuses to rule out role as battle for top cabinet posts intensifies

BYLINE: Julian Borger and David Smith in Washington

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1714 words


David Petraeus - the former US army general and CIA director who was prosecuted
for mishandling classified information - has entered the race to become Donald
Trump's secretary of state, diplomatic sources said on Thursday.

Petraeus resigned in November 2012 after the FBI discovered he had had an affair
with his biographer, Paula Broadwell, and had shared classified information with
her. He eventually pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge for mishandling the
information. People who have seen him recently say he is anxious to return to
public life and has privately refused to rule out serving in a Trump
administration.

Related:  Trump cabinet picks: president-elect looks to make decisions on posts
- politics live

Petraeus, who was also a US commander in Afghanistan and Iraq, has made
flattering remarks about Trump since the election. "He's right to criticise
Washington over its partisanship and its inability to forge compromises," he
told the German cable news channel Deutsche Welle this week. "He's a dealmaker.
Let's see if he can make some deals in Washington."

He added: "This is an individual who is a political outsider. Perhaps he can do
something in Washington that the political insiders, who he rightly criticises,
have been unable to do, which is to come together to give a little, to gain a
lot for our country."

The favourite for the secretary of defence, according to diplomats who have been
in touch with the Trump team in recent days, is Jeff Sessions, a rightwing,
anti-immigration senator from Alabama who has been accused of making racist
remarks.

But the battle for top national security and foreign policy jobs is still
intense, and foreign governments are being warned a comprehensive announcement
may not be made until after the Thanksgiving holiday on 24 November.

On Thursday, Trump's team announced he had met Sessions at Trump Tower in New
York the day before. "While nothing has been finalized and he is still talking
with others as he forms his cabinet, the president-elect has been unbelievably
impressed with Senator Sessions and his phenomenal record as Alabama's attorney
general and US attorney," a spokesperson said. "It is no wonder the people of
Alabama re-elected him without opposition."

Earlier this week, the main contenders for secretary of state appeared to be
former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani and former ambassador to the UN John Bolton,
but Giuliani ran into significant opposition over his extensive lobbying ties
with foreign governments, and Bolton's fiercely held convictions on the
strategic need to confront Russian expansionism are at odds with the views of
Trump's inner circle.

Related:  Rudy Giuliani: divisive New York past has many in fear of Trump
cabinet post

South Carolina governor Nikki Haley is seen as another option, and she visited
Trump Tower on Thursday. Haley, who was born in the US to Sikh parents who
emigrated from India, would join a cabinet that looks set to be dominated by
white men. Trump's campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, told reporters: "We're
just happy to have her here for her advice and her counsel and hearing about the
great success story that is South Carolina under her leadership."

A small circle including family members and retired Lt Gen Michael Flynn, the
former Defence Intelligence Agency chief, is said to be urging Trump not make
appointments of well-known Washington figures that would send a "business as
usual" messages to the people who voted for him.

The president-elect also received advice on Thursday from Henry Kissinger, 93,
who was secretary of state under Richard Nixon. A statement from the transition
team office said they had "a great meeting" at Trump Tower and discussed China,
Russia, Iran, the EU and other events and issues around the world.

It quoted Trump as saying: "I have tremendous respect for Dr Kissinger and
appreciate him sharing his thoughts with me."

Kissinger's legacy as America's top diplomat remains hugely divisive: Hillary
Clinton, who also held the position, has welcomed his praise but her former
Democratic rival Bernie Sanders branded him " one of the most destructive
secretaries of state in the modern history of this country ".

Foreign governments have had to scramble to make connections with the Trump
transition team, which one diplomat estimated at less than a hundred - a tenth
of the size of Clinton's would-be transition team that had been standing by
until the shock election result.

The Germans have found Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, their most amenable
interlocutor, while the British, who have yet to cultivate Kushner, found their
best contacts were swept out along with the former head of the transition team,
New Jersey governor Chris Christie. British diplomats had to try a number of
different routes before managing late on 9 November to arrange a phone call with
Theresa May early the next morning.

Jason Miller, a spokesperson for Trump, told reporters in a conference call that
"appropriate precautions are being taken" to secure phone calls between the
president-elect and world leaders. Trump is briefed by "a team of policy folks
and protocol individuals" prior to conversations with world leaders, he added.

The former British prime minister Tony Blair is reported to have met Kushner in
New York this week, but did not pass on details of the meeting to the British
embassy.

On another hectic day at the tycoon's headquarters in midtown Manhattan,
Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe was due to become the first world leader to
meet the president-elect.

Related:  World leaders to seek pointers from Shinzo Abe meeting with Donald
Trump

Abe was likely to seek reassurance after Trump's campaign statements that
demanded allies such as Japan and South Korea contribute more to the cost of
basing US troops in their countries. Trump even suggested that Japan and South
Korea could obtain their own nuclear weapons rather than rely on US deterrence,
seen by many as a grave risk to the post-war world order.

A clear point of disagreement is the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a
12-country trade deal that Trump opposes and now seems certain to be killed off
by Congress. Abe overcame strong domestic opposition to negotiate the TPP.

Trump has spoken by phone to 35 world leaders so far, according to his
transition team's office. The most recent were Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev of
Azerbaijan, Mark Rutte of the Netherlands and Polish president Andrzej Duda.

Speculation over other cabinet positions is no less intense. Jeff Sessions, the
first US senator to endorse him, is seen as a likely defence secretary .
Sessions is notorious for hardline views on immigration. His nomination to be a
federal judge was rejected by Congress in 1986 after several attorneys testified
that he had made racist comments.

Congressman Mike Pompeo of Kansas is also believed to be in contention. As a
congressional candidate in 2010, he had to apologise  for a tweet his campaign
sent out promoting an article that called his opponent Raj Goyle, an Indian
American Democrat, a "turban topper" who "could be a muslim, a hindy, a buddhist
etc who knows".

Senator Ted Cruz, branded "Lyin' Ted" by Trump during a bitter Republican
primary campaign, told Fox News that he and the celebrity businessman had "a
far-reaching conversation" at Trump Tower. Tipped as a possible attorney
general, he added: "I'm eager to work with the new president in whatever
capacity I can have the greatest impact defending the principles that I was
elected to defend."

Preparations for the handover of power continued in Washington, where Trump is
due to be inaugurated on 20 January.

Related:  Want to protest Trump's inauguration? The government may not let you

Vice-President-elect Mike Pence visited Republicans in the House of
Representatives. Congressman Daniel Webster of Florida told the Associated Press
that Pence said the next year will not be the slow process they are accustomed
to as the party sets about reversing Barack Obama's policies. Pence, a devout
Christian, also asked lawmakers to pray for Trump and his family.

Among Democrats, the post-mortem over Clinton's traumatic loss went on. On
Thursday, House minority leader Nancy Pelosi described a letter by FBI director
James Comey, announcing a probe into additional emails related to the bureau's
investigation of Clinton, was a "foul deed" that cost Democrats the election.

The California Democrat told reporters that Comey's letter "really just changed
everything" and "was dispositive of the election".

Nevada senator Harry Reid called on Trump to do more to end acts of "hate and
intimidation" happening across the US. "On Tuesday, I said that the Southern
Poverty Law Center had reported 315 hate crime since the election. As of
yesterday - that was Wednesday - that number jumped to 437. That's a 40%
increase in only two days. That's startling."

He added: "There's only one person who can bring a stop to that quickly, and
that's the president-elect. Our nation is looking at Donald Trump to do
something. For the sake of the American people, I hope he will."

Reid spoke after a supporter of Trump cited the internment of Japanese Americans
during the second world war as the basis for creating a federal registry for
immigrants from Muslim countries.

Carl Higbie, a retired Navy Seal who worked on a pro-Trump Super Pac during the
campaign, told Fox News: "The president needs to protect America first, and if
that means having people that are not protected under our constitution have some
sort of registry so we can understand - until we can identify the true threat
and where it's coming from - I support it."

Kansas secretary of state Kris Kobach, an anti-immigration hardliner who is
advising Trump's transition team, said earlier this week that the
president-elect's policy advisers were considering instating a Muslim registry.

Michael Keegan, president of the pressure group People for the American Way,
said: "The internment of Japanese Americans during the second world war is an
ugly stain on our nation's history. Republicans at every level should rush to
condemn any hint that we'd repeat that mistake by targeting Muslims or any other
minority group. To be clear: Donald Trump's campaign promise to create a
registry of Muslims is unconstitutional and un-American."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                     December 5, 2003 Friday FINAL EDITION

ARMY CHAPLAIN GETS ACTIVISTS' SUPPORT

BYLINE: JACK CHANG, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


An array of civil rights groups have joined forces to defend a Chinese-American
Army chaplain stationed at Guantanamo Bay whom the U.S. military has charged
with mishandling classified information.

At a Thursday news conference, the groups drew comparisons between the cases of
Capt. James Yee, who still awaits a court-martial, and Taiwanese-born scientist
Wen Ho Lee who was charged in the late 1990s with espionage but was later
convicted only of mishandling classified information.

The government arrested Yee, who is a Muslim chaplain, in September and leaked
reports to the press that he was being investigated for espionage and sedition.
Last month, the government released Yee after holding him for 76 days and
charged him with mishandling classified information, adultery and possessing
pornographic materials on his work computer.

Yee served some of the hundreds of Muslim men and boys who were captured in
Afghanistan and Iraq and have been held at a U.S. military base at Guantanamo
Bay for as long as two years without access to lawyers or family members.

Speaking at the office of the activist group Chinese for Affirmative Action, UC
Berkeley professor Ling-chi Wang said Yee's release pointed to the lack of merit
in his case and condemned the added adultery and pornography charges.

"I find the government's handling of Captain/Chaplain Yee's case to date
outrageous and vindictive," Wang said. "I must wonder if the government's case
against him was driven by racism and religious bias."

Speaking via conference phone from Fort Benning, Ga., Yee said the support of
civil rights groups such as Fremont-based Justice for New Americans, which
organized Thursday's news conference, helped secure his release.

The Fremont group was joined by activist organizations the Blue Triangle
Network, American Muslim Voice and the National Lawyers Guild.

"I want to thank everyone for their tremendous support for my situation," Yee
said. "You helped create public awareness and public support, and it was an
enormous blessing to spend Thanksgiving with family members."

Defense Department spokesman Maj. Michael Shavers said he would not answer
accusations made by civil rights groups because he did not want "to try this
case in the media."

"These charges are not vindictive, but the important thing is that until his
case comes to a court-martial, people do not know the details of his case,"
Shavers said.

He said the military released Yee after "having reviewed the details in his case
so he could talk to his lawyer" and denied his release represented a government
retreat from its original case, as activists have portrayed the move.

Cecilia Chang, head of Justice for New Americans, said government prosecution of
Wen Ho Lee, who worked for a national nuclear laboratory, alerted
Chinese-Americans to the political realities for minorities in the United States
and prompted the quick response to the chaplain's struggle.

"Many people who don't look very 'American' are being targeted," Chang said.

She and other activists demanded that the U.S. military drop charges against
Yee.

The military has detained several others who had worked with Muslim prisoners at
Guantanamo Bay including interpreter Ahmed Fathy Mehalba, a U.S. citizen of
Egyptian descent who was charged with gathering, transmitting or losing defense
information and making false statements.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Portman giving $1 million to Ohio GOP for voter outreach efforts;
CAPITOL CORRIDORS

SECTION: ; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 654 words


Rep. Mike Turner, R-Dayton, reiterated his call for an independent counsel last
week after FBI Director James Comey announced that the FBI has concluded its
investigation of Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified emails.

Sen. Rob Portman has raised $3.8 million in the second quarter of 2016 - and
he's giving nearly $1 million of that to the Ohio Republican Party for their
voter outreach efforts, his campaign announced last week.

The rest of that money - $2.9 million will go to the campaign. Portman's
campaign raised $2.4 million during the first quarter of 2016, so even with the
money for the Ohio Republican Party, he will surpass last quarter's haul for his
own campaign.

The campaign - which announced in May that it has reserved $15 million in air
time for campaign ads - reports that it has more than $13 million in the bank,
and according to Portman's campaign 14,000 individual donors are from Ohio.

Portman, a Republican, is in a tight re-election bid against former Ohio Gov.
Ted Strickland. Strickland, a Democrat, has not yet released his second quarter
numbers, but as of March 31, his campaign had raised a little more than $5
million total and had $2.7 million in the bank.

"The momentum behind Rob continues to grow as our unprecedented grassroots
program recently surpassed 2.5 million voter contacts and we continue our
record-setting fundraising," said campaign manager Corry Bliss.

Countered Strickland spokesman David Bergstein: "Rob Portman is the Jeb Bush of
senate candidates: he and his allies have already spent over $30 million on
false attacks, and they've failed to dislodge Ted's standing in the polls or
provide Ohioans any convincing argument to re-elect Senator Portman."

Turner pushes probe of Clinton emails

Rep. Mike Turner, R-Dayton, reiterated his call for an independent counsel last
week after FBI Director James Comey announced that the FBI has concluded its
investigation of Hillary Clinton's mishandling of classified emails:

"I believe it is in the best interest of the country that the independent
counsel statute is reauthorized to review the findings of the FBI's
investigation into Secretary Clinton's mishandling of classified information,
and to make an independent and impartial decision about whether to prosecute the
former Secretary for potential criminal activity," he said, calling the FBI
investigation "steeped in political bias."

Yost says he can't audit crop insurance

One day after being grilled at a congressional hearing on why he had audited the
food stamp program as opposed to federal crop insurance, state Auditor David
Yost said his office does not have the authority to audit crop insurance.

In a letter sent to Rep. Marcia Fudge, D-Cleveland, Yost wrote "crop insurance
is not a federal program administered by the state and is not included on the
states' federal schedule to be audited."

During Yost's appearance Tuesday before the House agriculture committee, Fudge
sharply questioned Yost over an audit he released last month which concluded
there was "likely millions of dollars in fraud" in the way Ohio administers its
share of the federal food stamp program - which allow millions of low-income
Americans to buy food every year.

After she expressed doubt that Yost had actually uncovered substantial fraud in
the program, she asked him why he focused on food stamps, known officially as
the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. Democrats are major supporters of
the program.

"What about crop insurance?"shedemanded."What has your audit found about that?"

"I don't know if we ever looked at crop insurance," Yost replied.

"Ohio is an agriculture state," she said. "It's a federal program."

In his letter to Fudge today, however, Yost wrote he was "taken aback" by her
question, writing " my surprise was for a good reason" because Ohio is not
involved in any way in administering crop insurance.

Contact this contributing

writer at jwehrman@

dispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Yahoo punishes boss in latest fallout from security breakdown

LENGTH: 709  words


Yahoo is punishing CEO Marissa Mayer and parting ways with its top lawyer for
the mishandling of two security breaches that exposed the personal information
of more than 1 billion users and already have cost the company $350 million.

Marissa Mayer, CEO of Yahoo, participates in a panel discussion at the 2015
Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco, US, Nov 3, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

SAN FRANCISCO[#xff0d]Yahoo is punishing CEO Marissa Mayer and parting ways with
its top lawyer for the mishandling of two security breaches that exposed the
personal information of more than 1 billion users and already have cost the
company $350 million.

Mayer won't be paid her annual bonus nor receive a potentially lucrative stock
award because a Yahoo investigation concluded her management team reacted too
slowly to one breach discovered in 2014.

Yahoo's general counsel, Ronald Bell, resigned without severance pay for his
department's lackadaisical response to the security lapses.

Alex Stamos, Yahoo's top security officer at the time of the 2014 breach, left
the company in 2015.

Although Yahoo's security team uncovered evidence that a hacker backed by an
unnamed foreign government had pried into user accounts in 2014, executives
"failed to act sufficiently" on that knowledge, according to the results of an
internal investigation disclosed on Wednesday. At that time, Yahoo only notified
26 people that their accounts had been breached.

The report didn't identify the negligent executives, but it chastised the
company's legal department for not looking more deeply into the 2014 breach.
Because of that, the incident "was not properly investigated and analyzed at the
time," the report said.

Bell declined to comment through his spokeswoman, Marcy Simon.

Yahoo didn't disclose the 2014 breach until last September when it began
notifying at least 500 million users that their email addresses, birth dates,
answers to security questions, and other personal information may have been
stolen. Three months later, Yahoo revealed it had uncovered a separate hack in
2013 affecting about 1 billion accounts, including some that were also hit in
2014.

The breaches, the two biggest in internet history, have already exacted a major
toll.

Yahoo already lowered the sales price of its email and other digital services to
Verizon Communications from $4.83 billion to $4.48 billion to account for the
potential backlash from the breaches. That deal was reached last July, two
months before Verizon and the rest of the world learned about Yahoo's lax
security.

More than 40 lawsuits also have been filed seeking damages for the breaches. If
Yahoo's sale to Verizon is completed as expected later this year, a successor
company called Altaba Inc will be responsible for paying those legal claims.

Yahoo's handling and disclosure of the breaches is also under investigation by
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Trade Commission. The
Sunnyvale, California, company said it has spent $16 million investigating the
breaches and covering the legal expenses so far.

In a blog post on Yahoo's Tumblr service, Mayer said she didn't learn about the
scope of the breaches until September and then tried to set things right.
"However, I am the CEO of the company and since this incident happened during my
tenure, I have agreed to forgo my annual bonus and my annual equity grant,"
Mayer wrote.

In its report, Yahoo's board said it decided to withhold a cash bonus that
otherwise would have been paid to her. Mayer is eligible to receive a bonus of
up to $2 million annually. The board said it accepted Mayer's offer to
relinquish her annual stock award, which is typically worth millions of dollars.

Mayer said she wants the board to distribute her bonus to Yahoo's entire
workforce of 8,500 employees. The board didn't say if it would do so.

Losing her bonus and annual stock award probably won't be too painful for Mayer,
who is already rich after working for more than a decade as a top executive at
Google and then as Yahoo's CEO for the past four-and-a-half years. She is also
in line for a $44 million severance package if she doesn't go to work for
Verizon after the sale closes.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/148852382141.jpg

b083fe955aa11a22f08812.jpg

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2017 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday

Navy engineer sentenced for mishandling classified material

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 158 words

ABSTRACT

Naval engineer sentenced for mishandling classified materials while serving in
Afghanistan

FULL TEXT

SACRAMENTO >> A Naval reservist has been sentenced for mishandling classified
military materials.

A federal attorney announced Wednesday that Bryan Nishimura of Folsom,
California pleaded guilty to the unauthorized removal and retention of
classified materials.

Nishimura, deployed in Afghanistan in 2007 and 2008 as a regional engineer, has
admitted to downloading classified briefings and digital records onto his
personal electronic devices. He carried the materials off base and brought them
back to the U.S. when his deployment ended.

An FBI search of Nishimura's home turned up classified materials, but did not
reveal evidence he intended to distribute them.

He has been sentenced to two years of probation and a $7,500 fine, and has been
ordered to surrender his security clearance. He is barred from seeking a future
security clearance.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Juarez Competitiva: Organizer denies mishandling money

BYLINE: Alejandro Martinez-Cabrera, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1094 words


Aug. 15--The chief organizer of the image-boosting event Juarez Competitiva,
Carlos Chavira, denied on Monday accusations from the state of Chihuahua
government that he mishandled public funds when paying for a concert by Mexican
rock band Mana.

In an interview with the El Paso Times, Chavira responded to the accusations and
presented documents that detailed the amounts of money he received from public
and private sources.

And for the first time since the organization of the event, Chavira made public
the specific fees and logistics costs of bringing the event's two main keynote
speakers, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former Soviet Union leader
Mikhail Gorbachev.

Chavira, also the president of the

Juarez chapter of Mexico's Employers Confederation, or Coparmex, and the owner
of a packaging plant in the city, also addressed criticisms he has received from
former Juarez Competitiva staffers and others in the city.

"An initiative like this always provokes envies from people. We shook up many
interests. There are groups that haven't done anything in the past and they were
the first to criticize," he said.

"Of course they would take these damaging remarks from the state to turn them
into a generic disqualification of everything. They are taking advantage of
that, and it's sad that it's affecting the city."

Chavira denied keeping any of the money, saying he didn't receive a salary and
paid $320,000 from his

personal savings to cover expenses for the event before receiving public and
private money.

The state government of Chihuahua accuses Chavira, among other things, of
overcharging them for Juarez Competitiva's main event, Mana's opening concert.

According to state officials' research, bringing Mana to Juarez would cost
around $650,000. State officials said the event was billed at about $1.9
million.

Chavira acknowledged the fees, but argued that the final costs were the best
price available.

Chavira said that while he also spoke with event promoters who promised to bring
Mana for less money, the band would only book the concert through OCESA, the
region's largest event promoter.

Lazaro Megret, chief executive officer of El Paso-based event promoter Latino
Events, who was hired by Juarez Competitiva's directive council to assess the
cost of the concert, said the price was about right for the services offered by
OCESA.

Megret said he has booked more than 50 concerts for Mana and, while the cost of
any show can vary greatly depending on the offer and the demand, the band
usually charges between $350,000 and $850,000, plus between $50,000 and $500,000
in ticket sales, which means total fees of between $400,000 and $1.2 million.

Megret said other expenses must be added, like transportation, meals and
lodging, and production costs, which include sound, lights, special effects and
security. Those costs oscillate between $350,000 and $600,000, Megret said.
Finally, the promoter's fees are added to the final price tag.

The concert was also negotiated one month in advance, when such events are
usually booked eight to 10 months earlier. Scheduling the event with more time
could have saved Juarez Competitiva some money, Megret said.

"With more time and planning, of course," he said. "But they had to do the event
and time was upon them. They paid them a lot of money because they needed them."

Chihuahua state officials with the treasury and economy departments could not be
reached for comment, but they have also raised questions about the fees charged
by Giuliani and Gorbachev, the event's two main keynote speakers. They've said
the costs were lower than what Chavira reported, although they have not provided
estimates for their fees according to their research.

According to documents provided by Chavira, Giuliani charged $100,000 for his
Oct. 24 presentation, plus $12,601.60 in logistics and transportation costs.

Gorbachev's appearance cost a total of $287,103.51, which included $125,000 for
his presentation in Juarez, $62,103.51 to hire a special plane and $100,000 for
a visit to Chihuahua City that never happened -- something state officials are
also reproaching.

David Marcus, an El Paso-based accountant that helped organize Giuliani and
Gorvachev's visits, said Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte canceled the event a week
before due to a commitment outside of the state and had been unable to provide a
plane that met Gorbachev's needs.

Juarez Competitiva received about $3.8 million in cash for the organization of
the event, which included $1.9 million from the state, $763,000 from the federal
government and $763,000 from FECHAC, a private foundation of business people in
Chihuahua that funds and organizes social projects in the state. Private donors
provided the rest, Chavira said.

The total cost of the event was $7.5 million, including in-kind expenses,
Chavira said.

State officials with the economy department have said they have documented
irregularities in how their money was used and have turned their findings to the
state prosecutor's office. However, a spokesman with the state prosecutor's
office said they have yet to receive any documents from the state's economy and
treasury departments.

Juarez Competitiva was a two-week event last October that was intended to
promote the city's industry and repair its blood-stained image with
family-oriented events and shows that highlighted the products built and
assembled in the city's industrial plants.

Questions about the use of money cast a shadow over the event. Juarez
Competitiva organizers constantly evaded inquiries from the local news media
about the cost of the event. After it ended, former staffers distanced
themselves from Chavira and organized their own city-promotion event, Juarez
Creativa.

Chavira said he had to make tough decisions regarding the organization of the
event that didn't garner him much sympathy. Still, he stood behind the results
of the event, which he said brought the city more than $19 million in visitor
revenue and future investment projects agreed upon during those two weeks.

"Juarez Competitiva was by far the borderline in which people started going to
the streets again with their families. This has been by far the biggest project
ever made by the citizens in our community," he said. "When you make projects
like these, you don't pursue to be the king of sympathy or popularity."

Alejandro Martinez-Cabrera can be reached at a.martinez@elpasotimes.com;
546-6129.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120815-EY-Juarez-Competitiva-Organizer-denies-mishandling
-money-0815-20120815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

Juarez Competitiva: Organizer denies mishandling money

BYLINE: Alejandro Martinez-Cabrera, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1094 words


Aug. 14--The chief organizer of the image-boosting event Juarez Competitiva,
Carlos Chavira, denied on Monday accusations from the state of Chihuahua
government that he mishandled public funds when paying for a concert by Mexican
rock band Mana.

In an interview with the El Paso Times, Chavira responded to the accusations and
presented documents that detailed the amounts of money he received from public
and private sources.

And for the first time since the organization of the event, Chavira made public
the specific fees and logistics costs of bringing the event's two main keynote
speakers, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former Soviet Union leader
Mikhail Gorbachev.

Chavira, also the president of the Juarez chapter of Mexico's Employers
Confederation, or Coparmex, and the owner of a packaging plant in the city, also
addressed criticisms he has received from former Juarez Competitiva staffers and
others in the city.

"An initiative like this always provokes envies from people. We shook up many
interests. There are groups that haven't done anything in the past and they were
the first to criticize," he said.

"Of course they would take these damaging remarks from the state to turn them
into a generic disqualification of everything. They are taking advantage of
that, and it's sad that it's affecting the city."

Chavira denied keeping any of the money, saying he didn't receive a salary and
paid $320,000 from his

personal savings to cover expenses for the event before receiving public and
private money.

The state government of Chihuahua accuses Chavira, among other things, of
overcharging them for Juarez Competitiva's main event, Mana's opening concert.

According to state officials' research, bringing Mana to Juarez would cost
around $650,000. State officials said the event was billed at about $1.9
million.

Chavira acknowledged the fees, but argued that the final costs were the best
price available.

Chavira said that while he also spoke with event promoters who promised to bring
Mana for less money, the band would only book the concert through OCESA, the
region's largest event promoter.

Lazaro Megret, chief executive officer of El Paso-based event promoter Latino
Events, who was hired by Juarez Competitiva's directive council to assess the
cost of the concert, said the price was about right for the services offered by
OCESA.

Megret said he has booked more than 50 concerts for Mana and, while the cost of
any show can vary greatly depending on the offer and the demand, the band
usually charges between $350,000 and $850,000, plus between $50,000 and $500,000
in ticket sales, which means total fees of between $400,000 and $1.2 million.

Megret said other expenses must be added, like transportation, meals and
lodging, and production costs, which include sound, lights, special effects and
security. Those costs oscillate between $350,000 and $600,000, Megret said.
Finally, the promoter's fees are added to the final price tag.

The concert was also negotiated one month in advance, when such events are
usually booked eight to 10 months earlier. Scheduling the event with more time
could have saved Juarez Competitiva some money, Megret said.

"With more time and planning, of course," he said. "But they had to do the event
and time was upon them. They paid them a lot of money because they needed them."

Chihuahua state officials with the treasury and economy departments could not be
reached for comment, but they have also raised questions about the fees charged
by Giuliani and Gorbachev, the event's two main keynote speakers. They've said
the costs were lower than what Chavira reported, although they have not provided
estimates for their fees according to their research.

According to documents provided by Chavira, Giuliani charged $100,000 for his
Oct. 24 presentation, plus $12,601.60 in logistics and transportation costs.

Gorbachev's appearance cost a total of $287,103.51, which included $125,000 for
his presentation in Juarez, $62,103.51 to hire a special plane and $100,000 for
a visit to Chihuahua City that never happened -- something state officials are
also reproaching.

David Marcus, an El Paso-based accountant that helped organize Giuliani and
Gorvachev's visits, said Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte canceled the event a week
before due to a commitment outside of the state and had been unable to provide a
plane that met Gorbachev's needs.

Juarez Competitiva received about $3.8 million in cash for the organization of
the event, which included $1.9 million from the state, $763,000 from the federal
government and $763,000 from FECHAC, a private foundation of business people in
Chihuahua that funds and organizes social projects in the state. Private donors
provided the rest, Chavira said.

The total cost of the event was $7.5 million, including in-kind expenses,
Chavira said.

State officials with the economy department have said they have documented
irregularities in how their money was used and have turned their findings to the
state prosecutor's office. However, a spokesman with the state prosecutor's
office said they have yet to receive any documents from the state's economy and
treasury departments.

Juarez Competitiva was a two-week event last October that was intended to
promote the city's industry and repair its blood-stained image with
family-oriented events and shows that highlighted the products built and
assembled in the city's industrial plants.

Questions about the use of money cast a shadow over the event. Juarez
Competitiva organizers constantly evaded inquiries from the local news media
about the cost of the event. After it ended, former staffers distanced
themselves from Chavira and organized their own city-promotion event, Juarez
Creativa.

Chavira said he had to make tough decisions regarding the organization of the
event that didn't garner him much sympathy. Still, he stood behind the results
of the event, which he said brought the city more than $19 million in visitor
revenue and future investment projects agreed upon during those two weeks.

"Juarez Competitiva was by far the borderline in which people started going to
the streets again with their families. This has been by far the biggest project
ever made by the citizens in our community," he said. "When you make projects
like these, you don't pursue to be the king of sympathy or popularity."

Alejandro Martinez-Cabrera can be reached at a.martinez@elpasotimes.com;
546-6129.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120814-EY-Juarez-Competitiva-Organizer-denies-mishandling
-money-0814-20120814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Fox59 investigation finds company mishandling remains

BYLINE: Anne Yeager, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


Feb. 16--Living right across the street from a funeral home brings death close
to Tammy Ellis' home, but seeing what she has from her kitchen is making it
closer to her home than she ever imagined. She said she often sees bodies,
uncovered, on gurneys.

"You have people living next to a funeral home, you want to make sure every part
of it is covered up," said Ellis.  "They act like it's nothing serious, they
don't try to cover them up or nothing."

Fox59 decided to go undercover, wanting to know just how much people living in
the area could see. When our cameras began rolling, we found much more than
bodies not being completely covered. As our cameras recorded, an Enterprise
rental truck pulled up to the Grinsteiner Funeral Home located on East New York
Street. Out of the back of the truck came body after body, one by one, a total
of eight removed by the time the van was empty.

"Does that mean the deceased are literally stacked like that in the back of the
van?" asked Paul St. Pierre, President of the Indiana Funeral Directors
Association.  "This is a disgrace."

Once out of the van, the bodies were not on a gurney or secured in any way.
Instead, they were carried, draped in white tarps, on the shoulders and in the
arms of employees.

"Seeing one person removed out of a van like that and dressed like that is one
of the most disgusting things we've ever seen," said St. Pierre.

Grinsteiner's owners also operate Edwards Family Mortuary and Alpha Funeral
Service. They have a contract with the Indiana University School of Medicine,
taking cadavers from hospitals to medical centers so students can learn using
them. Until a few months ago, the owners also did business with the Marion
County Coroner's Office.

In addition, the funeral homes have provided services for men and women who
served our country. The Veterans Affairs Clinic said no service members went to
Grinsteiner and Edwards last year, but several did go to Alpha.

"We are deeply disturbed at the possibility that any veteran who has served our
nation would be treated with anything less than respect and dignity," said Julie
Webb, Veterans Affairs spokesperson.

Webb also said, after learning of our investigation, that the VA stopped doing
business with all three of the homes.

Fox59 pulled inspection records and found Grinsteiner was inspected  twice in
the last six years, with no major violations.  There are only four state
inspectors at the Indiana Professional Licensing Agency, which is in charge of
conducting funeral home inspections. Four workers are also responsible for
inspecting cemeteries, cosmetology salons and schools, nail salons, barber
shops, tanning salons, plumbing businesses and auctioneer houses.  That's four
people to inspect 11,713 businesses in the state. The Indiana Professional
Licensing declined to explain how their inspection process works with just four
inspectors for so many businesses.

Fox59 also contacted the funeral home's owner, Anthony Edwards.  After
originally agreeing to an on-camera interview, he backed out and refused
comment.

Across the street, Tammy Ellis is left wondering.

"I feel sorry for the parents," said Ellis.  "My question is: do they know?"

___ (c)2012 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120216-5IN-Fox59-investigation-finds-company-mishandling
-remains-0216-20120216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2012 WXIN-TV


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

Juarez Competitiva: Organizer denies mishandling money

BYLINE: Alejandro Martinez-Cabrera, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1094 words


Aug. 14--The chief organizer of the image-boosting event Juarez Competitiva,
Carlos Chavira, denied on Monday accusations from the state of Chihuahua
government that he mishandled public funds when paying for a concert by Mexican
rock band Mana.

In an interview with the El Paso Times, Chavira responded to the accusations and
presented documents that detailed the amounts of money he received from public
and private sources.

And for the first time since the organization of the event, Chavira made public
the specific fees and logistics costs of bringing the event's two main keynote
speakers, former New York Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and former Soviet Union leader
Mikhail Gorbachev.

Chavira, also the president of the

Juarez chapter of Mexico's Employers Confederation, or Coparmex, and the owner
of a packaging plant in the city, also addressed criticisms he has received from
former Juarez Competitiva staffers and others in the city.

"An initiative like this always provokes envies from people. We shook up many
interests. There are groups that haven't done anything in the past and they were
the first to criticize," he said.

"Of course they would take these damaging remarks from the state to turn them
into a generic disqualification of everything. They are taking advantage of
that, and it's sad that it's affecting the city."

Chavira denied keeping any of the money, saying he didn't receive a salary and
paid $320,000 from his

personal savings to cover expenses for the event before receiving public and
private money.

The state government of Chihuahua accuses Chavira, among other things, of
overcharging them for Juarez Competitiva's main event, Mana's opening concert.

According to state officials' research, bringing Mana to Juarez would cost
around $650,000. State officials said the event was billed at about $1.9
million.

Chavira acknowledged the fees, but argued that the final costs were the best
price available.

Chavira said that while he also spoke with event promoters who promised to bring
Mana for less money, the band would only book the concert through OCESA, the
region's largest event promoter.

Lazaro Megret, chief executive officer of El Paso-based event promoter Latino
Events, who was hired by Juarez Competitiva's directive council to assess the
cost of the concert, said the price was about right for the services offered by
OCESA.

Megret said he has booked more than 50 concerts for Mana and, while the cost of
any show can vary greatly depending on the offer and the demand, the band
usually charges between $350,000 and $850,000, plus between $50,000 and $500,000
in ticket sales, which means total fees of between $400,000 and $1.2 million.

Megret said other expenses must be added, like transportation, meals and
lodging, and production costs, which include sound, lights, special effects and
security. Those costs oscillate between $350,000 and $600,000, Megret said.
Finally, the promoter's fees are added to the final price tag.

The concert was also negotiated one month in advance, when such events are
usually booked eight to 10 months earlier. Scheduling the event with more time
could have saved Juarez Competitiva some money, Megret said.

"With more time and planning, of course," he said. "But they had to do the event
and time was upon them. They paid them a lot of money because they needed them."

Chihuahua state officials with the treasury and economy departments could not be
reached for comment, but they have also raised questions about the fees charged
by Giuliani and Gorbachev, the event's two main keynote speakers. They've said
the costs were lower than what Chavira reported, although they have not provided
estimates for their fees according to their research.

According to documents provided by Chavira, Giuliani charged $100,000 for his
Oct. 24 presentation, plus $12,601.60 in logistics and transportation costs.

Gorbachev's appearance cost a total of $287,103.51, which included $125,000 for
his presentation in Juarez, $62,103.51 to hire a special plane and $100,000 for
a visit to Chihuahua City that never happened -- something state officials are
also reproaching.

David Marcus, an El Paso-based accountant that helped organize Giuliani and
Gorvachev's visits, said Chihuahua Gov. Cesar Duarte canceled the event a week
before due to a commitment outside of the state and had been unable to provide a
plane that met Gorbachev's needs.

Juarez Competitiva received about $3.8 million in cash for the organization of
the event, which included $1.9 million from the state, $763,000 from the federal
government and $763,000 from FECHAC, a private foundation of business people in
Chihuahua that funds and organizes social projects in the state. Private donors
provided the rest, Chavira said.

The total cost of the event was $7.5 million, including in-kind expenses,
Chavira said.

State officials with the economy department have said they have documented
irregularities in how their money was used and have turned their findings to the
state prosecutor's office. However, a spokesman with the state prosecutor's
office said they have yet to receive any documents from the state's economy and
treasury departments.

Juarez Competitiva was a two-week event last October that was intended to
promote the city's industry and repair its blood-stained image with
family-oriented events and shows that highlighted the products built and
assembled in the city's industrial plants.

Questions about the use of money cast a shadow over the event. Juarez
Competitiva organizers constantly evaded inquiries from the local news media
about the cost of the event. After it ended, former staffers distanced
themselves from Chavira and organized their own city-promotion event, Juarez
Creativa.

Chavira said he had to make tough decisions regarding the organization of the
event that didn't garner him much sympathy. Still, he stood behind the results
of the event, which he said brought the city more than $19 million in visitor
revenue and future investment projects agreed upon during those two weeks.

"Juarez Competitiva was by far the borderline in which people started going to
the streets again with their families. This has been by far the biggest project
ever made by the citizens in our community," he said. "When you make projects
like these, you don't pursue to be the king of sympathy or popularity."

Alejandro Martinez-Cabrera can be reached at a.martinez@elpasotimes.com;
546-6129.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120814-EY-HLT-Juarez-Competitiva-Organizer-denies-mishandling
-money-0814-20120814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            August 1, 2012 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 135 words


Former N.C. judge pleads guilty to mishandling cases

RALEIGH | A former Wake District Court judge has pleaded guilty to mishandling
drunken driving cases.

Former Judge Kristin Ruth pleaded guilty Monday to failing to discharge the
duties of her office in the handling of 69 DWI cases over the past four years.

Ruth stepped down in May after 13 years on the bench.

The 55-year-old former judge said she had signed dozens of orders that she had
not fully read for defense attorney James Crouch or his paralegal, Elizabeth
Daniel. Those judgments allowed DWI defendants to avoid license suspensions or
the full repercussions of a conviction.

Ruth tearfully testified that Crouch abused her trusting nature and that he or
Daniel would slip orders into a stack of court documents for her to sign. T

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Attorneys prepare for fired Utah cop's hearing

BYLINE: By Marissa Lang The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 476 words


West Valley City - The list of witnesses who will be called to testify before
West Valley City civil service commissioners later this month in a former cop's
attempt to get his job back will be finalized Tuesday.

But several of those witnesses, officers themselves, may invoke their Fifth
Amendment right and stay silent to protect themselves from self-incrimination.

Shaun Cowley fired the shot that killed 21-year-old Danielle Willard in an
alleged November 2012 drug bust. It was this incident that spurred an internal
investigation during which Cowley allegedly made several statements detailing
corruption in the now-defunct Neighborhood Narcotics Unit.

The unit was disbanded and Cowley was fired from the department in September on
allegations of mishandling evidence.

The probe also revealed issues including mishandling of evidence, booking
evidence without proper documentation and the possibility of mishandling drugs
and money. In some cases, seized items, such as loose change or a CD in a seized
vehicle, were not properly accounted for. In others, officers kept "trophies"
from drug busts for themselves and in use as training aids, the investigation
revealed.

Cowley appeared before the panel of commissioners Thursday flanked by his
attorneys.

In the audience sat several law enforcement officers, at least one of which came
prepared with a letter invoking his Fifth Amendment rights in anticipation of
being called to testify in Cowley's appeal.

Lindsay Jarvis, who is representing Cowley, said there were several things still
to be finalized in preparation for his appeal hearing the week of Feb. 24.

"The city's been uncooperative, quite frankly," Jarvis said.

City attorneys pointed to last-minute motions and unresolved issues of discovery
that have run up against filing deadlines. They asked commissioners to move the
appeal date.

The commission refused.

Instead, the body voted to meet again Tuesday morning, at which point both sides
will present prepared witness lists and argue any final motions.

Cowley's attorneys have long maintained that he was fired and used as a
scapegoat by a department in which corruption ran deep.

Meanwhile, the three-member commission is still mulling whether to re-instate
officer John Coyle to his former rank of lieutenant.

During a hearing last month, Coyle -- who headed the discredited and now-defunct
narcotics unit -- claimed his discipline was overly harsh compared to other
officers in the unit.

Coyle's demotion resulted in an annual pay cut of $20,000, said his attorney,
Erik Strindberg, while people beneath Coyle were given "slaps on the wrist."

But during Coyle's two-day appeal hearing, city attorneys called him a poor
leader, who knowingly let his unit run amok, failed to take responsibility for
his actions and had a disregard for the law and police procedures.

mlang@sltrib.com

Twitter: @Marissa_Jae

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Missing money costs APS band director job

BYLINE: Molly Bloom; Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 382 words


An Atlanta high school band director accused of mishandling student fundraising
money has been fired. And a football coach also accused of financial
mismanagement could face the same fate.

The Atlanta school board voted unanimously this week to fire Washington High
School band director James Anderson.

Anderson has denied mishandling money. He told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
earlier this year he was the victim of a "witch hunt" by
disgruntledformerbandstaff.

"I never accepted or collected any funds," he said in February.

But school district investigators said Anderson collected money from student
candy sales in a lockbox in his office and destroyed records showing how much
money was collected, according to a district report. About $2,760 worth of candy
was unaccounted for and about $1,000 in candy or cash was outstanding.

Under district policy, school principals are ultimately responsible for all
money collected by school staff for student activities. A district report
faulted Washington principal Tasharah Wilson for failing to monitor the band's
fundraising activities. No disciplinary action was taken against her.

In a separate case, the Atlanta school district is trying to fire Mays High
School football coach Corey Jarvis. Jarvis was put on paid leave earlier this
year after an investigation found thousands of dollars missing or unaccounted
for from school football accounts and that Jarvis had engaged in aggressive
confrontations just short of fistfights with a parent and a school visitor.

More than $10,000 belonging to the football team was unaccounted for, according
to a district audit. That includes more than $6,000 in football receipts
recorded by Jarvis that could not be traced and more than $4,000 collected by
him.

Mays principal Richard Fowler received a letter of reprimand.

Jarvis "ignored the rules and decided to handle things his way," Kwame Townes, a
lawyer for the district, said at an personnel hearing Thursday. "But for a
complaint from a parent, Mr. Jarvis may well have continued to handle things his
way."

Jarvis had a 19-year history of success as a coach, his lawyer Antavius Weems
said. Jarvis could have received a warning, "not 'you're out because you did
something wrong,'" Weems said.

A decision in Jarvis' case is expected in the coming weeks.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

U.S. bishop resigns over handling of abuse cases;
Decision follows move by Vatican for tribunals and criminal charges

BYLINE: MARK S. GETZFRED and MITCH SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1081 words

ABSTRACT

The resignations come after prosecutors charged the archdiocese with having
failed to protect youths from pedophile priests.

FULL TEXT

Days after the Vatican announced that it would form a special tribunal to try
bishops accused of covering up or mishandling sexual abuse cases by priests, the
archbishop of St. Paul and Minneapolis, a major United States diocese, and a
deputy bishop resigned on Monday.

The resignations by the archbishop, John C. Nienstedt, and an auxiliary bishop,
Lee A. Piché, are the first to follow in the wake of the Vatican decision and
also come about 10 days after prosecutors in Minnesota filed criminal charges
against the archdiocese for its mishandling of repeated complaints of sexual
misconduct against a priest.

''My leadership has unfortunately drawn attention away from the good works of
His Church and those who perform them,'' Archbishop Nienstedt said in a
statement released Monday morning. ''Thus my decision to step down.''

Last week, the Vatican announced that Pope Francis had approved the formation of
a tribunal to hear cases against bishops accused of neglecting or covering up
abuse cases - an unprecedented mechanism but one whose details are yet unknown.
In Rome, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, a Vatican spokesman, said he did not know
whether the two bishops, by resigning, had avoided a trial by the new tribunal.

On Monday, the Vatican also announced that it would open a trial in July of its
former ambassador to the Dominican Republic, Jozef Wesolowski, on charges of
sexually abusing boys while he served in the Caribbean and of possessing child
pornography after he was sent back to Rome in 2013.

Setting a date for the long overdue trial of the former ambassador and the
annoucement of the special tribunal for bishops now become part a sudden flurry
of Vatican action on child sex abuse. After years in which abuse survivors have
demanded that bishops be held accountable, the Vatican appears to be trying to
demonstrate that the church is listening - at least in some cases.

Under Pope Francis, the Vatican has begun to step up efforts to hold bishops
accountable for covering up or failing to take action against priests accused of
abuse. Abuse survivors had long said that this was the great unfinished piece of
business in the three decades since the abuse scandals first became public with
a notorious case in Louisiana. Victims over the years have accused the Vatican
of allowing prelates to go unpunished, and so turned to civil and criminal
courts to pursue charges.

In accepting the resignations, the pope appointed the Rev. Bernard A. Hebda, an
assistant archbishop of Newark, as apostolic administrator to oversee the
archdiocese. ''This has been a painful process,'' The Rev. Andrew Cozzens, an
auxiliary bishop for the archdiocese who will remain in his post, said during a
news conference. ''A change in leadership offers us an opportunity for greater
healing and the ability to move forward.''

Archbishop Nienstedt is stepping down two months after the resignation of Bishop
Robert W. Finn in Kansas City-St. Joseph in Missouri, where he had weathered
years of controversy over his handling of a priest convicted of taking
pornographic photographs of young girls. Archbishop Finn was himself convicted
on a misdemeanor charge of failing to report the priest - the first bishop
convicted in the abuse scandal's long history.

They are hardly the first bishops to resign under scrutiny or accusations that
they failed abuse victims. Since the papacy of John Paul II - now St. John Paul
- 16 other bishops have resigned or been forced from office under a cloud of
accusations that they mishandled abuse cases, according to research by
BishopAccontability.org, an advocacy group based in Boston. Archbishop Nienstedt
is the 17th, by that group's count.

Archbishop Nienstedt had become one of the most embattled figures in the
American Catholic hierarchy, under fire in the courts, in the pews and on
newspaper editorial pages. He had refused to resign about a year ago after
coming under sharp criticism from his own former chancellor for canonical
affairs, Jennifer Haselberger, who charged that the church used a chaotic system
of record keeping that helped conceal the backgrounds of guilty priests who
remained on assignment.

He did, however, apologize at the time for his conduct, saying that while he had
never knowingly covered up sexual abuse by clergy, he had become ''too trusting
of our internal process and not as hands-on as I could have been in matters of
priest misconduct.''

On Monday, he said he would ''leave with a clear conscience knowing that my team
and I have put in place solid protocols to ensure the protection of minors and
vulnerable adults.''

Archbishop Nienstedt was himself the subject of two recent investigations into
possible misconduct, though no findings of wrongdoing have been announced.

In one case, a boy told the police that the archbishop touched his buttocks
while posing for a photo after his confirmation ceremony. The archbishop denied
wrongdoing, and temporarily stepped aside while the authorities investigated.
Prosecutors later declined to file charges, and Archbishop Nienstedt returned to
work.

In another case, the archdiocese announced that it had received ''claims
regarding alleged misbehavior'' against Archbishop Nienstedt that did not
involve minors. The allegations were said to be about a series of sexual
relationships with men, including seminarians and priests. The church announced
an investigation into that matter last year. An archdiocese spokesman, Tom
Halden, did not immediately answer questions on Monday morning about the status
of that inquiry.

The criminal charges against the Minnesota archdiocese and accompanying civil
petition, filed June 5 by the Ramsey County attorney, John J. Choi, stem from
accusations by three male victims who say that from 2008 to 2010, when they were
minors, a local priest, Curtis Wehmeyer, gave them alcohol and drugs before
sexually assaulting them.

Mr. Wehmeyer, 50, who was dismissed as a priest in March, was sentenced to five
years in a Minnesota prison in 2013 for criminal sexual conduct and possession
of child pornography. He has also been charged with sex crimes in Wisconsin.

The 44-page criminal complaint states that concerns about Mr. Wehmeyer date to
the 1990s, when he was in seminary and supervisors suggested that his past
sexual promiscuity and alcohol abuse made him a poor candidate for the
priesthood.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

LAUSD OKs new rules for charter school oversight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 298 words


Following allegations of mishandling of funds at two San Fernando Valley charter
schools, the Los Angeles Unified school board Tuesday passed a set of new rules
intended to tighten district oversight of the independent campuses.

The board unanimously approved regulations that will dictate how charter schools
are approved and renewed - or shut down if they miss academic benchmarks or
fraud and mishandling of funds are discovered.

"Before there were no clear procedures or guidelines. ... Now we will be better
able to support quality and hold schools accountable that are not performing or
where we find egregious issues," said Jose Cole Gutierrez, LAUSD's executive
director in charge of charter schools.

While state law grants charter schools the right to operate autonomously with
limited district control, LAUSD Superintendent Ramon Cortines said having clear
rules would help effective charters run better and the district identify
problems sooner.

Earlier this week, an audit by LAUSD's Office of Inspector General alleged that
Edward Fiszer, the former principal of NEW Academy Canoga Park, mishandled $2.7
million in public funds, including transferring $1.1 million in school funds
into a personal investment account to speculate on the financial market.

Two months ago the operators of Ivy Academia, who run four campuses in the west
San Fernando Valley, were charged with 38 counts of fraud and misuse of public
funds.

LAUSD's new rules include more interaction between district officials and
charter schools' oversight boards.

LAUSD officials are also requiring charter school board members to submit
conflict of interest forms, while no employee of a charter school will be
allowed to also sit on the board of directors of the same school.

connie.llanos@dailynews.com,

818-713-3634

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 6, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A Section; A02

LENGTH: 444 words


SARASOTA, Fla. -- An unemployed mechanic with a criminal record refused to
answer questions about the whereabouts of an 11-year-old girl, although "strong
evidence" linked him to her abduction outside a carwash, authorities said
Thursday.

Authorities said they believe Joseph P. Smith, 37, is the tattooed man in a
mechanic's shirt who was seen in a carwash surveillance video leading
sixth-grader Carlie Brucia away by the arm Sunday evening.

Smith has not been charged in Carlie's disappearance but was jailed without bail
for possessing drugs in violation of his probation for a cocaine conviction.

Smith, who was once acquitted of kidnapping a woman, was taken into custody at
his home Tuesday after authorities got a telephone tip that he was the man in
the video, investigators said. The man in the video was wearing a shirt with a
name patch.

MIAMI -- The highest-ranking Army officer ensnared in a crackdown on the
mishandling of intelligence at the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, will
have a hearing later this month to determine whether he should be
court-martialed, the military disclosed Thursday.

Col. Jackie Duane Farr, 58, was charged Nov. 29 after a spot-check of his
luggage allegedly found he tried to take classified documents off the Navy base
as he finished his tour Oct. 11.

A senior Army intelligence officer, Farr is the highest ranking of the four men
at the base who have been charged, separately, with mishandling of classified
information at the offshore prison for al Qaeda and Taliban suspects.

*  AIR FORCE ACADEMY, Colo. -- Twenty-one cases of sexual misconduct have been
reported to the Air Force Academy since new leadership took over in April, but
only four have been resolved, authorities said. Academy officials have completed
their investigation into 14 cases, and seven are pending. Nine of the 21
incidents, while reported more recently, happened before new leaders were
installed after the school's sexual assault scandal.

*  ATHENS, Ga. -- University of Georgia student Erik Robert Zimmerman turned
himself in to authorities Thursday after a judge issued a warrant accusing him
of killing a raccoon that was then skinned, burned and eaten by members of his
fraternity. Bond was set at $1,000.

*  ATLANTA -- Georgia Schools Superintendent Kathy Cox dropped plans Thursday to
remove the word "evolution" from the state's high school science curriculum, six
days after the idea became public and brought forth criticism and ridicule. Cox,
a Republican elected in 2002, said she originally wanted to replace "evolution"
with the phrase "biological changes over time" to avoid controversy.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Higher radioactive waste fines up for public comment

BYLINE: By Judy Fahys The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 202 words


The Utah Division of Radiation Control wants to hear from people about its
proposal to double fines for mishandling radioactive waste and to set strict new
deadlines for its own handling of permit applications.

A legislative audit last fall found shortcomings in the state's oversight and
enforcement program for mishandling radioactive waste.

It pointed to violations at the EnergySolutions low-level radioactive waste
disposal site in 2011, after the company buried 23 barrels containing waste with
higher concentrations of radiation than the state allows at its Tooele County
landfill. EnergySolutions and companies that shipped the waste faced total
penalties of $97,875 for the violations.

Under the new penalty categories, the maximum fine will now be $10,000 per
violation, up from $5,000. The range of penalties is $500 apiece for minor
violations to $10,000 for serious ones.

Comments will be accepted through the end of business on Aug. 30.

Written comments may be sent to the Utah Division of Radiation Control, P.O. Box
144850, Salt Lake City, UT 84114-4850 or by email to radpublic@utah.gov with a
subject line of Public Comment on Proposed Draft Radiation Control Rules.

fahys@sltrib.com

Twitter: @judyfutah

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           September 14, 2004 Tuesday

CASE IS DROPPED AGAINST OFFICER AT GUANTANAMO

BYLINE: Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1038 words


The military disclosed yesterday that it has dropped all criminal charges
against an intelligence staff officer who reportedly oversaw interrogations at
the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay.

An Army reservist, Colonel Jackie Farr, 58, of El Reno, Okla., was charged last
November with mishandling classified information and lying to investigators.
Prosecutors said Colonel Farr had classified information in his bags as he
prepared to leave Guantanamo.

"Nonjudicial punishment was rendered," a military spokesman, Lieutenant Colonel
Leon Sumpter, said yesterday in a brief phone interview from the Guantanamo
base. Colonel Sumpter declined to detail the penalty imposed, but said it took
place August 27.

Colonel Farr is no longer working at Guantanamo, Colonel Sumpter said.

The administrative procedure, also known as an Article 15 hearing, is applied in
cases the military deems to be minor. Punishments can include loss of up to a
month's pay, brief confinement to quarters or to base, and a reprimand. The
finding is not considered a criminal conviction.

Under military regulations, the evidence presented to justify a nonjudicial
punishment is usually kept secret, while court-martial proceedings are generally
public.

A lawyer for Colonel Farr did not return phone calls seeking comment for this
story.

The disclosure of the modest punishment for the high-ranking officer came as
prosecutors and defense attorneys made final preparations for the first
full-scale court-martial of an American stationed at Guantanamo.

Pre-trial proceedings for Senior Airman Ahmad Al Halabi, 25, are scheduled to
resume today at Travis Air Force Base in California. The judge handling the
case, Colonel Barbara Brand, indicated that the court martial would immediately
follow the hearing.

Airman Al Halabi was arrested last July as he returned accused of attempted
espionage, mishandling classified documents, lying to investigators, and other
charges. Prosecutors said he was attempting to smuggle more than 200 secret
documents about the Guantanamo Bay prison to Syrian agents or to other enemies
of America. He could have faced the death penalty, though military commanders
ruled that out at an early stage.

In recent months, prosecutors have suffered a series of embarrassing setbacks in
the case. After hearings in May, Colonel Brand ordered Airman Al Halabi's
release pending trial.

In June, a witness testified that investigators drank beer while handling a box
of key evidence in the case and may have photographed the box in a misleading
way. It was also disclosed that an investigator on the Al Halabi case was
charged with sex offenses and mishandling classified records.

Last week, a military spokesman confirmed that a review had determined that only
one of the documents Airman Al Halabi stands accused of mishandling was
classified.

While prosecutors may have compelling evidence against Airman Al Halabi that has
not become public, the consensus among legal observers is that the government's
case is in trouble.

They draw analogies to a similar but somewhat less serious set of charges
against a Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo, Captain James Yee. Earlier this year,
the military dropped the case against Captain Yee, citing security concerns
about evidence that might be released at trial.

"These cases have gradually fallen apart," said a former Navy judge advocate
general, John Hutson.

A former judge advocate general of the Army, John Fugh, said he believes some
officials overreacted during the initial phase of the investigation.

"It strikes me as though the people at Guantanamo go sort of overboard on
things," he said. "I don't know what kind of legal advice they're getting down
there."

A spokeswoman for Airman Al Halabi's legal defense fund, Shereen Sabet, said she
objected to Colonel Farr receiving an administrative punishment while the airman
faces a criminal trial and the possibility of a long prison term.

"It's extremely angering and disappointing," she said. "That's what's not fair,
what's not right. It's the double standard." Ms. Sabet said her organization
suspects that anti-Muslim bias is behind the prosecutions of Airman Al Halabi
and Captain Yee.

"There is anti-Islamic, primarily, and also anti-ethnic, bias that has fueled
these allegations and this paranoia," she said.

Mr. Hutson, dean of the Franklin Pierce Law Center in New Hampshire, said he
doubted there was any bad intent on the part of prosecutors. He said all
advocates can be slow to recognize evidence that undercuts their theories.
"They're invested in it. The question becomes: What's your exit strategy?" Mr.
Hutson said.

Prosecutors insist religion played no part in their decisions. Mr. Hutson said
he doubts that's possible.

"You're always going to have in the back of your mind, 'X' number are Muslim and
we're sending them to court-martial and the one Christian is being handled
differently. By human nature it's very hard to avoid that," he said. "When you
get caught in that quagmire, those kind of considerations can really screw up
the process."

In addition to Airman Al Halabi's court-martial, at least one other criminal
case involving personnel from Guantanamo remains pending.

A civilian contractor who worked as a translator at the base, Ahmed Mehalba, was
arrested last September at Logan Airport in Boston. He was charged with illegal
possession of classified information and making false statements to
law-enforcement officials.

Mr. Mehalba's case is proceeding in federal court in Massachusetts.

Early press reports quoting unnamed officials suggested that the men may have
been part of a spy ring. Attorneys familiar with the cases say all of the
Muslims at Guantanamo knew each other and socialized regularly. Prosecutors have
never made any public charge that they conspired together.

Airman Al Halabi's attorneys say some of the men may have come under suspicion
because they made complaints about the treatment of the detainees kept at the
facility.

Mr. Hutson said breaches of security rules are commonplace across the
government, so prosecution inevitably involves some exercise of discretion. He
said he once inadvertently broke the rules himself.

"I accidentally took home a piece of confidential," he said. "I remember I
burned it."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday

Case prompts memo to Idaho insurance agents on proper handling of funds

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 441  words


Problems with a west Boise insurance agent's handling of money prompted the
Idaho Department of Insurance to issue a bulletin to its agents this month.

The department on May 5 ordered Robert J. Schmidt to stop conducting insurance
business in Idaho, and to pay penalties and restitution. Part of the order says
Schmidt violated state fiduciary law in handling the account of a restaurant
client. Schmidt failed to maintain a positive balance, incurred repeated
overdraft fees against trust account deposits, and unlawfully withheld, diverted
or appropriated trust funds for personal use, the order said. The department
also revoked the license of Schmidt Insurance Co., Inc., doing business as Chow
and Co. Insurance.

A fiduciary holds assets in trust. The Idaho Department of Insurance in recent
months identified situations in which agents are mishandling funds received or
collected in a fiduciary capacity, Director Bill Deal said in the memo to
agents. In some cases, agents' mishandling of premiums left clients without
insurance coverage at a time of loss, he said.

Idaho law defines "fiduciary funds" as those the insurance agent collects from a
client - or client's premium-finance company - payable to an insurance company
or agent's employer. State law also defines fiduciary funds as those the agent
collects from the insurer, payable to a policyholder or claimant.

Deal's memo said there are common examples of mishandling fiduciary funds,
including: Failing to maintain proper receipts of fiduciary accounts; not having
a separate trust fund account for depositing and distributing fiduciary funds;
not meeting required timelines for depositing and distributing fiduciary funds;
not maintaining proper records of collections, deposits, and disbursements; not
following proper distribution guidelines, not properly distributing funds held
more than 90 days; co-mingling fiduciary and other funds; and diverting or
misappropriating fiduciary funds for personal use.

The order against Schmidt imposed $7,000 in penalties, half of which is not due
until he or a company in which he has ownership applies for a license.

Richard Burleigh, deputy attorney general for the Idaho Department of Insurance,
said Schmidt, whose license had lapsed, can apply for a license in a year.

Schmidt would not comment on the final order except to say he voluntarily gave
up his insurance license before the order was issued. He added that other
insurance agencies were not aware of the statute requiring them to maintain a
separate trust account. And he said Schmidt Insurance in early April merged with
another company so Schmidt's clients would not be affected.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Indiana dentist is first sued by state for violating HIPAA

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: Chicago


American Dental Associations has issued the following news release:

An Indiana dentist has agreed to pay a $12,000 settlement for allegedly
mishandling patient records and is the first person sued by the state for
violating the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act.

Dr. Joseph Beck, who practiced at the Comfort Dental clinic, was sued for
mishandling records containing sensitive information of more than 5,600
patients, according to a statement from the Office of the Indiana Attorney
General.

In March 2013, Dr. Beck hired a private company called Just the Connection Inc.
to retrieve and dispose of his patient records, which included names, medical
records, phone numbers, birth dates, Social Security numbers, insurance cards,
insurance information and state ID numbers, according to the Indiana AG's
office. Less than a week later, more than 60 boxes of patient records from Dr.
Beck's clinic were found discarded in an Indianapolis dumpster, containing
records from 2002-07. The attorney general's office recovered the files and
fielded inquiries from individuals who were concerned that their records might
be at risk. No identity theft was identified or reported.

"In an era when online data breaches are top of mind, we may forget that
hard-copy paper files, especially in a medical context, can contain highly
sensitive information that is ripe for identity theft or other crimes," Indiana
Attorney General Greg Zoeller said. "This file dump was an egregious violation
of patient privacy and safety."

In December 2011, the Indiana Board of Dentistry permanently revoked Dr. Beck's
license to practice dentistry, following an investigation by the attorney
general's office that cited fraudulent billing and negligence.

The ADA Practical Guide to HIPAA Compliance has tools to help dentists comply
with the law. The kit -- $300 for members and $450 retail -- includes sample
policies and procedures; a revised sample business associate agreement; a
revised sample of a notice of privacy practices; a glossary of key terms; and a
CD-ROM to help tailor the content to a specific practice.

The kit also includes the ADA Practical Guide to HIPAA Training -- a two level
CD-ROM training program. Visit adacatalog.org to order these products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 10, 2014 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Attorney Freeman Bosley Jr. faces malpractice lawsuit

BYLINE:  By Joe Holleman jholleman@post-dispatch.com  314-340-8254

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 527 words


ST. LOUIS o While attorney Freeman R. Bosley Jr. awaits a state panel's decision
on his punishment for mishandling clients' funds, a former client is suing the
onetime St. Louis mayor for mishandling his lawsuit.

A malpractice suit filed by Dwayne Reid, a University City maintenance worker,
is scheduled for a March 10 hearing in St. Louis Circuit Court.

The suit was filed in April and alleges that Bosley and his firm, Bosley &
Associates, missed the deadline for filing a workers' compensation claim on
Reid's behalf.

W. Morris Taylor, who heads the firm representing Reid, said, "Dwayne Reid had a
very good claim and Mr. Bosley simply missed the deadline."

"Workers' comp claims are pretty easy, and the time frames are clear," Taylor
said. "This is not complex litigation."

According to the suit, Reid was injured on his job in August 2007. He retained
Bosley a month later.

Taylor said Bosley's firm began negotiating with University City officials on a
settlement, but didn't file a claim with the Missouri Division of Workers
Compensation within the two-year window set by law.

"So the door closed on Mr. Reid's claim," Taylor said.

Taylor said Reid is asking for $50,000 to $65,000.

"I talked to University City's insurance company," Taylor said, "and they said
they'd have paid the money."

Daniel Brown, the attorney for Bosley and his firm, said Reid had used Bosley's
firm in the past, "so he must have been satisfied with the service."

As to the pending suit, Brown said, "The claim is disputed and we're certain it
will be resolved in the courts."

The suit also names as defendants Bosley's firm, Bosley & Associates; his
sister, Karen Bosley; and two other lawyers in the firm, Harvey Eugene Taylor
Jr. and Robert T. Hart.

Hart has filed a separate action which asks that he be dismissed from the suit
because he did not begin working for Bosley's firm until after the claim
deadline had been missed.

Meanwhile, the Missouri Supreme Court's Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel is
asking that Bosley's law license be suspended for at least one year for
violating several state rules governing attorneys practicing in the state.

The state alleged Bosley may owe about $6,250 to third-party health care
providers involved in settlements Bosley orchestrated. It also claimed Bosley
combined personal and clients' funds, used trust-account money to pay personal
expenses and failed to keep accurate records.

Bosley admitted in court Dec. 9 that he mishandled clients' funds held by his
law firm.

The discipline office's attorney, Barry J. Klinckhardt, is asking a legal panel
to suspend Bosley from practicing law for at least one year and pay a $1,500
fine and court costs. Bosley's attorney, Michael P. Downey, recommends that
Bosley be placed on two years' probation.

Bosley was elected St. Louis mayor in 1993 after serving 11 years as the city's
circuit clerk. He went into private law practice after he lost a 1997
re-election bid.

Bosley previously came under scrutiny when, while a Missouri History Museum
trustee, he talked with the museum about selling a one-acre plot of land he
owned. Bosley then quit the board, and the museum bought the land for $1
million.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Former St Louis Mayor Freeman Bosley Jr. in a 2006 file photo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              July 28, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Who's who;
Faces in the news

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 303 words


The Boss coming home

ASBURY PARK, N.J. - Public works crews are busy making sure everything is just
right when The Boss comes home.

Bruce Springsteen returns Tuesday to the shabby seaside city where he got his
start. This time, he'll be belting out tunes to some 6.2 million fans as he
headlines a three-hour remote broadcast of NBC's "Today" from the boardwalk with
co-hosts Matt Lauer and Katie Couric.

The rocker is promoting the Tuesday release of his new CD, "The Rising," by
performing four songs live at Convention Hall.

Bailey back in school

PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - F. Lee Bailey, who was disbarred in November for mishandling
$6 million worth of stock for a client, has registered at a Florida university
to earn a master's degree in business online.

Bailey, 69, enrolled at IMPAC University, a for-profit institution in southwest
Florida.

"My mother got a Ph.D. at 70, so I figured I'd get an MBA at 70," Bailey said
Thursday after speaking to a business conference in Punta Gorda, about 75 miles
south of Tampa.

Bailey, whose clients have included O.J. Simpson and Patty Hearst, was accused
by the Florida Bar of mishandling $6 million in stock for a drug trafficker now
serving a life sentence.

Smith defends Walters

LOS ANGELES - Will Smith has come to the defense of fellow rapper "Slick Rick"
Walters, who could face deportation because he was convicted of attempted murder
11 years ago.

"While I'm aware of his past problems, I've also had the pleasure to watch him
develop into a good person," Smith wrote in a letter to the Immigration and
Naturalization Service.

Walters, 37, is a legal resident but not a U.S. citizen. The British-born rapper
served more than five years in prison for a 1991 shooting in New York. U.S. law
requires the deportation of any noncitizen who serves more than five years in a
U.S. prison.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: SPRINGSTEEN, BAILEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 The Durham Herald Co.


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Milwaukee attorney faces 4th complaint in three years

BYLINE: Eric Heisig

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 587  words


An embattled Milwaukee criminal defense attorney is facing her fourth complaint
in three years from the Office of Lawyer Regulation for allegedly mishandling
cases involving five clients in the past several years.

Bridget Boyle-Saxton of Boyle, Boyle & Boyle SC faces 15 counts for mishandling
money matters and failing to properly communicate with her clients, according to
an OLR complaint filed July 18.

In one of the cases, she represented Kevin Scholz, a police officer with Big
City Lake and Norway who was charged with OWI in 2009. Scholz later resigned
from the department, but had to handle "issues arising from what had become a
public matter" on his own because Boyle-Saxton didn't respond to any of Scholz's
messages, according to the complaint.

She also failed to show up to an administrative review with the Department of
Transportation for Scholz's case, the complaint states.

The OLR is recommending that the Wisconsin Supreme Court suspend her license for
a year and run the sentence consecutive to any other punishment.

The new charges are just the most recent ones brought against Boyle-Saxton, the
daughter of well-known attorney Gerald Boyle. She is currently barred from
practicing in front of the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals after she abandoned a
client and did not respond to a judge's order to show cause.

Reached Tuesday, Boyle-Saxton said she received the most recent complaint Friday
by mail but had not yet read it.

She conceded that she did not properly handle the case in front of the appeals
court, but added that many of her recent misconduct charges stem from cases she
handled between 2009 and this year. In that time, Boyle-Saxton said, she has
been dealing with severe medical problems, which she said the OLR has not taken
into consideration.

"There is a need to handle things," she said, "and I was doing my best to handle
not only the medical issues and also a workload but also a family. "

Boyle-Saxton said the clients named in the OLR's complaints represent a very
small fraction of the thousands she has represented since starting to practice
law in 1995. She said many may have brought complaints because they were
dissatisfied with the outcome of their cases.

"I'm still trying to assist people from years ago pro bono and if somebody wants
to take ... seven to 10 names of the 5,000 plus I've represented, so be it," she
said. "I just have to deal with it and will deal with it. "

Boyle-Saxton also was suspended from practicing law for 60 days last year after
being found guilty of committing 11 counts of misconduct, including failure to
act with reasonable diligence and promptness in representing a client, failure
to cooperate with an OLR investigation and engaging in conduct involving
dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation.

She also has two separate pending cases stemming from OLR complaints that were
filed in 2011 and 2012.

The newest complaint states that Boyle-Saxton failed to explain her fees to
clients and failed to provide information to the OLR when they were looking into
misconduct allegations.

She is also charged with mishandled money from five clients by not putting their
payments into separate trust accounts.

Boyle-Saxton was privately reprimanded in 2008 for not filing a writ for 11
months, as well as failing to respond to the same client's calls, emails and
letters for more than 20 months, the complaint states.

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Audit: Ties uncovered between permit issuers and builders, raising questions
about whether inspections were skipped in 2,200 cases ;
Is your home's wiring safe?

BYLINE: John Estus, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 700 words


The city-run Development Center is under fire for widespread mishandling of
nearly 2,200 electrical permits issued to developers and homebuilders, some of
whom had personal and family relationships with center employees, a city audit
found.

Mishandling the permit process troubles city officials because the permits are
required for safety reasons. Not adhering to permit procedures could "erode
contractor confidence" and create a cloud of favoritism, the audit said. City
auditors began investigating the center after allegations surfaced that a
homebuilder was given preferential treatment by obtaining permanent electric
service at new homes without necessary final inspections by the city. The
allegations came from city employees and people in the homebuilding industry,
officials said.

The audit substantiated some of the allegations, but did not find any illegal
actions or cases of fraud. "There are some management issues that need to be
addressed, without question," said Ward 8 Councilman Pat Ryan. "The allegations
were serious, but I was gratified that (City Auditor Susan McNitt) was able to
report that she didn't find any fraud."

McNitt said the employees under scrutiny are about nine of the 38 inspectors
employed by the Development Center, where developers and utility contractors
obtain permits for construction projects. The 2,180 permits in question are
temporary electrical permits, granted to builders before owners take occupancy
of a home. City officials want to know how some homes to which inspectors
granted temporary permits received permanent electric service without being
granted the proper permits or receiving required inspections.

"When I was with OG&E, that was one of the most stringently adhered to rules of
all: Do not connect without a permit," said Ryan, who was the company's vice
chairman before he retired.

OG&E spokesman Gil Broyles said the company has not seen the audit, but looks
forward to reviewing it. According to the audit, the "homes receiving permanent
electric service prior to final inspections are so widespread that alleged
favoritism to any particular homebuilder could not be substantiated."

What's the city response?

One allegation the city auditor's office received accused a Development Center
employee of not enforcing city code requirements and providing more timely
inspections on projects performed by a contractor who was a relative of the
employee. The allegation prompted the center's supervisors to require all
employees to complete disclosure forms that ask employees to list family members
who work in the skilled-trade industry in Oklahoma City.

"This is a very familial industry," said Assistant Public Works Director Paul
Bronson. "It is not unusual by any stretch to have a brother who may work as an
inspector for the city."

The city's employee ethics policy prohibits employees from engaging in conduct
that may raise questions about the city's integrity or impartiality. Bronson
said a preliminary review by city attorneys indicates none of the employees in
question will face termination.

Inspectors for the center are responsible for making sure developers and
contractors finish all electrical work on a property before a permanent electric
service permit is issued.

The audit found 2,180 temporary electric service permits were issued between
2001 and 2005 that hadn't been approved for permanent service by November 2006.
The audit says an "informal" agreement exists between Oklahoma City and utility
companies whereby the utility companies are to withhold enacting permanent
electric service until all the necessary city permits and inspections are
complete.

Officials said that agreement may need to be reviewed and strengthened.

"We have to work on both ends to make that a more formalized process to make
sure there is a check and balance," Bronson said.

The Development Center also is working on a system that will more closely
monitor temporary electric permits that have been outstanding for a long period
of time.

"These kind of audits are very important," Ryan said. "They give us some comfort
there was nothing criminal going on, but they also point out where management
needs to devote some attention."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 26, 2012 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. C-18

LENGTH: 481 words


Duquesne Light notifies customers of mishandling

Thousands of Duquesne Light customers are receiving notification that an
employee mishandled clients' personal information, but there is no evidence that
the information was used illegally. The utility said the employee had access to
the information as part of everyday business, but notified Pittsburgh police of
the mishandling.

Fitch downgrades part of WPAHS outstanding debt

Fitch Ratings on Thursday said that it had downgraded a major piece of West Penn
Allegheny Health System's outstanding debt, dropping to CCC from B+. Fitch said
the $737 million in health system revenue bonds, issued in 2007 by the Allegheny
County Hospital Development Authority, looks less healthy today because of
"increased possibility of a debt restructuring, coupled with [heightened]
uncertainty about the progress of WPAHS's affiliation with insurer Highmark
Inc."

Paint companies will drop some 'VOC-free' claims

Two leading paint companies, Pittsburgh-based PPG Industries and
Sherwin-Williams, have agreed to stop making claims that some of their paints
were free of potentially harmful chemicals known as volatile organic compounds
as part of a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission. The agreement
involves PPG's Pure Performance interior paints and Sherwin-Williams' Dutch Boy
Refresh brand. More information on the settlement is available at www.ftc.gov.

Home agreements rose here 13% over a year ago

The number of residential homes placed under agreement increased 13.24 percent
last month compared to September a year ago in the 13-county region served by
West Penn Multi-List. The real estate information service reported 3,028 home
sales in September 2012 compared to 2,674 homes sold in September 2011. The
average home sales price for the 13-county region increased 8.18 percent to
$167,278 from $154,623 during the same time period.

Contracts for previously owned homes ticked up

Signed contracts to buy previously owned homes inched up 0.3 percent to 99.5 in
September, according to the National Association of Realtors. At 100 on the
index, pending sales are considered healthy.

30-year mortgage rate rises to 3.41 percent

Mortgage buyer Freddie Mac said Thursday that the rate on the 30-year fixed
mortgage edged up to 3.41 percent, from 3.37 last week. The average rate on the
15-year fixed mortgage, often used for refinancing, rose to 2.72 percent.

Jobless applications fell last week

Weekly applications for U.S. unemployment aid fell last week by 23,000 to a
seasonally adjusted 369,000, the Labor Department said Thursday.

Aircraft demand boosts durable goods orders

The Commerce Department said Thursday that orders for durable goods jumped 9.9
percent last month, driven by a spike in aircraft orders. When taking out
transportation, orders rose 2 percent. And demand for core capital goods, such
as machinery and equipment, was unchanged.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              October 19, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Florida Bar raps F. Lee Bailey

BYLINE: WILLIAM YARDLEY

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 666 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



The Bar accuses him of mishandling millions, and the famed defense lawyer will
testify in court today about a separate but similar case.

The Florida Bar on Monday accused flamboyant attorney F. Lee Bailey of
depositing into a personal account more than $ 3-million he received from a drug
smuggling client.

Bar prosecutors filed a formal complaint citing seven allegations of misconduct
related to Bailey's representation of French drug smuggler Claude Duboc in 1994.

Among other things, the Bar complaint accused Bailey of mishandling millions of
dollars in stocks, lying to a judge and betraying Duboc by revealing their
confidential conversations.

Duboc eventually pleaded guilty to drug charges, but two years later Bailey also
ended up in prison, where he served 44 days on a contempt of court charge.

U.S. District Judge Maurice Paul ruled in 1996 that Bailey disobeyed an
agreement that he would hold in trust - and confer with the court before selling
- the stock shares Duboc gave him to maintain the convict's affairs, pay legal
fees and pay the U.S. government.

The Duboc case returned to haunt Bailey on Monday through the Bar complaint.

But troubles run even deeper for the 66-year-old former member of O.J. Simpson's
"Dream Team" defense.

Bailey is to testify today in Orlando in a separate but similar case involving
his alleged mismanagement of clients' assets.

Bailey is to testify in his own defense against charges that he kept $ 2-million
of a total of more than $ 10-million that a jury ordered surrendered by his
clients, William and Chantal McCorkle. The couple were convicted of fraud and
money laundering.

As in the Duboc case, Bailey said the money has been spent on legal costs.

In the Duboc case, Bailey had custody of 602,000 shares of stock held by Duboc.
The stock soared.

"If the stock had gone down, we wouldn't be here," Bailey said Monday in
Orlando, referring to the Bar complaint.

Although the formal complaint is the first the Bar has filed against Bailey in
the 10 years he has been licensed to practice in Florida, Monday was not the
first time the Bar has sought to punish Bailey.

In 1996, the Bar asked the Florida Supreme Court to issue an emergency
suspension of Bailey for his actions in the Duboc case.

The court rejected the suspension, saying Bar prosecutors failed to show Bailey
was  "causing great public harm." But the court put restrictions on future trust
accounts Bailey maintains.

At the time, Bailey was in the Federal Detention Center in Tallahassee, where he
spent 44 days for failing to repay $ 3-million he withdrew from a Swiss bank and
failing to provide an adequate accounting of what he did with millions more in
stock.

Bailey eventually paid his way out of jail, turning over his yacht and millions
in stock.

Bailey, who lives in West Palm Beach, has represented clients as famous and
infamous as Patty Hearst, the Boston Strangler and, for a time, the Rev. Henry
J. Lyons. His first major client, Dr. Sam Sheppard, was acquitted in 1996 of
killing his wife.

The Bar has been working on its case since it requested Bailey's suspension in
1996.

Now that the complaint has been filed, Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Major
Harding will appoint a "referee," usually a Circuit Court judge, who will
preside over the matter as though it were a civil case going to trial.

Attorneys for Bailey will file for discovery to learn what information the Bar
has against Bailey. The process could result in no punishment, a reprimand, or
more serious penalties such as suspension or disbarment. The Supreme Court has
final approval over the case.

David Robert Ristoff, the attorney handling the case for the Bar, said the Bar
complaint will not lead to any financial payments on the part of Bailey. "The
real rub here is whether you will be disciplined," he said.

- Times staff writer Paul Wilborn contributed to this report, which includes
information from Times files and the Associated Press.


LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; F. Lee Bailey,
with his attorney Richard G. Lubin, arrives Monday at federal court in Orlando,
where he will testify today in a case regarding his alleged mishandling of
clients' assets., (ran CITY & STATE, METRO & STATE); F. Lee Bailey, (ranTAMPA &
STATE)

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             October 6, 2003 Monday

U.S. District Court for the W. District of NY rules race, gender discrimination
not established

BYLINE: Nora A. Jones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


Where plaintiff was terminated for mishandling money orders, did she establish
that others who mishandled money orders were treated more favorably?

In reviewing the magistrate's report and recommendation in the U.S. District
Court for the Western District of New York, Chief Judge Richard J. Arcara
explained that the plaintiff needed to establish a prima facie case of
discrimination in order to overcome defendants' request for summary judgment.

Finding the evidence insufficient to raise a triable issue of fact in Stephanie
A. McCarter v. John E. Potter, Postmaster General, et al. the court agreed with
the magistrate's report and granted judgment to the defendants.

Background

Plaintiff Stephanie A. McCarter filed an action against her former employer, the
U.S. Postal Service, alleging gender and race discrimination. Proceedings before
U.S. Magistrate Judge Hugh B. Scott led to a report and recommendation granting
summary judgment in favor of the defendants.

The plaintiff filed objections to the magistrate's report in April 2003 and the
defendants responded. Oral arguments were heard in August.

'Prima Facie' Case

Judge Arcara explained that in order to make out a prima facie case of
discrimination, a plaintiff "must show that she (1) is a member of a protected
class; (2) was performing her duties satisfactorily; (3) was discharged; and (4)
the discharge occurred under circumstances giving rise to an inference of
discrimination. Chambers v. TRM Copy Center Corp., 43 F3d 29, 37 (2d Cir.
1994)."

Observing that Magistrate Judge Scott concluded that plaintiff did not meet her
burden of showing an "inference of discrimination," Judge Arcara proceeded to
review plaintiff's objections to the magistrate's report.

"[P]laintiff asserted that several employees were given 'last chance agreements'
while she was terminated," wrote Judge Arcara. "Plaintiff argued that these
employees, like her, were window tellers and, like her, were charged with
mishandling money orders. Plaintiff asserts that the two employees given 'last
chance agreements' were white males. Plaintiff fails to appreciate, however,
that one of the employees, McNelis, was charged with one instance of mishandling
money orders, and the other employee, Gullo, was charged with two instances of
mishandling money orders. Plaintiff was charged with mishandling money orders on
at least 29 occasions, making her conduct much more extensive."

The court went on to note that plaintiff failed to demonstrate a genuine issue
of material fact as to whether Gullo and McNelis were similarly situated to her.
The magistrate, on the other hand, identified various reasons why those
individuals "could not be considered similarly situated to plaintiff."

"As plaintiff provided no other evidence that her termination occurred 'under
circumstances giving rise to an inference of discrimination,' she has failed to
sustain her burden as to that element of her prima facie case," concluded Judge
Arcara. "For the reasons stated in the [magistrate's] report and recommendation
... defendants' motion for summary judgment is granted and the case is
dismissed."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday

Elderly Ohio lawyer must be assessed for cognitive decline

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 522  words


An elderly Ohio lawyer must undergo a geriatric psychological assessment and
otherwise establish his fitness before being allowed to return to practice
following his suspension for mishandling a client's case.

"[T]o protect the public and maintain the integrity of the legal profession, any
future reinstatement must be conditioned on [Raymond Walter O'Neal Sr.]
submitting proof that his age-associated cognitive decline does not prevent him
from competently and ethically practicing law," said the Ohio Supreme Court in a
disciplinary decision handed down this month.

In 2011, the Dayton Bar Association charged the then 71-year-old O'Neal with
multiple disciplinary violations for his alleged mishandling and neglect of two
probate matters for the same client. A state disciplinary panel conducted a
hearing on the matter in September 2011.

At the hearing, panel members became concerned about the elderly lawyer's
cognitive abilities and memory. According to court records, O'Neal himself
repeatedly referred to his "confusion" in explaining his neglect of client
matters. O'Neal agreed to a psychiatric examination and an independent doctor
diagnosed the lawyer with "age-associated cognitive decline. "

Following the assessment, the panel determined that O'Neal committed some of the
charged misconduct and recommended a two-year suspension.

However, the panel further recommended that 18 months of the suspension be
stayed on certain conditions, including one that O'Neal complete 10 hours of
continuing legal education in law office management, and another that he submit
to additional psychiatric assessment of his cognitive functioning.

A state disciplinary board reviewed the panel's recommendation. While the board
adopted the panel's findings, it recommended that the entire two-year suspension
be stayed with the added condition that O'Neal address his fitness issues with
the help of the state's lawyers assistance program.

But the Ohio Supreme Court concluded that O'Neal must serve at least three
months of his two-year suspension.

In rejecting the board's recommendation that O'Neal's entire suspension be
stayed, the court recognized that O'Neal's age-associated cognitive decline
should be factored into determining the appropriate sanction.

And while fully appreciating the fact that O'Neal's actions did not involve
dishonesty, the court emphasized that the primary purpose of disciplinary
sanctions is not to punish the offender, but to protect the public. The court
concluded that that purpose is best served by suspending O'Neal from the
practice of law for two years, with only 18 months stayed.

In applying for reinstatement, the court directed O'Neal to show that he
satisfactorily addressed aging issues within the framework of the state's
lawyers assistance program.

Further the court required O'Neal to "submit evidence from a qualified medical
professional that he completed a geriatric psychological assessment and provide
proof to a reasonable degree of medical certainty that he is fit to return to
the competent, ethical, and professional practice of law. "

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Fly the World, but Your Bags May Take a Detour

BYLINE: Mihir Mishra & Anirban Chowdhury

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 788 words


The recent case of minister of state Nirmala Sitharaman losing her luggage on an
Air India flight highlights a chronic problem hundreds of travellers face,
especially on international flights. While the aviation regulator, Director
General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), and consumer forums such as the Air Passengers
Association of India don't record incidents of misplaced luggage, airport
employees and passenger representatives say baggage mishandling is rampant in f
international flights. r "My guess is at least 100 to 150 f passengers suffer
every week from the delayed delivery of baggage. India could be second t only to
the UK in terms of bag t gage loss," said Sudhakara Reddy, president of Air
Passengers Association of India. "The aviation regulator must put in place a
system for airlines to report details on delayed or dam l aged baggage plus levy
a heavy penalty depending on the time taken in retrieving the bag as well as the
weight of the bag," i he told ET. c Currently, the authorities s don't track
incidents of luggage l loss. "It is up to the airlines to i maintain it," a
former DGCA official told ET.

Earlier this month, Sithara r man reached Cairns in Australia for the G20 summit
without her baggage since Air India un s loaded it in Melbourne instead of
Sydney from where she took her connecting flight. Sitharaman had to wait for
hours and i skip the reception dinner be f fore the national carrier delivered
her checked-in baggage. f It was later discovered that the ground handling staff
in New Delhi had loaded her bag in the container that was to be unloaded in
Melbourne and not Sydney. "The minister's baggage was loaded in the wrong
(Melbourne) container, whereas, she had to travel till Sydney," said an official
in the know. It could not be ascertained if the same flight had any other
affected passenger. There are, however, innumerable examples of baggage
mishandling where complaints are not lodged.

Avtansh Agarwal, an executive with a global pharma company, travelled from
Mumbai to New York by Air India flight 141.On arrival at JFK airport, he

found his luggage had not arrived. He had a connecting flight to Raleigh, North
Carolina with American Airlines.

"Their staff advised me to take the connecting flight and register a formal
missing bag complaint at the Raleight airport with American Airlines. I duly did
that and American Airlines was extremely co-operative and were able to track
down and deliver the missing baggage at my office address 36 hours later,"
Aggarwal said. "However, the more surprising (and frustrating) issue was that
Air India completely shirked its responsibility in addressing the problem and I
had to approach American Airlines," he added Air India was recently asked to pay
.

`50,000 by a consumer forum to a passenger for lost luggage. Last year, the
airline was asked to pay .

`12.2 lakh to a consumer after it alleged that the person's complaint of lost
luggage was fake.

In September 2009, a journalist took an early morning Kingfisher flight for
Delhi to attend a conference. On landing, he figured out that his luggage,

which had his formals, was sent to Kolkata. After a few hours of waiting at the
airport, he was paid a compensation of . 5,000 to buy formals to attend ` the
conference. The luggage was delivered later.

A senior executive with a ground handling company said the problem of misplacing
luggage is more in international flights that are routed through a hub.
"According to IATA (International Air Transport Association that represents some
240 mostly major airlines), mishandling of 2% of the total baggage is
permissible and domestic airlines err less -misplacing about 4 bags for every
1,000 passengers," the person said.

While an India-specific data on baggage mishandling is not available, a report
by SITA, leading IT and telecommunications service provider to the aviation
industry , showed that the rate of baggage loss during 2013 globally was about
6.96 per 1,000 passengers. It also said transfer bags continue to suffer the
most baggage delays. In 2013 they accounted for 45% of all delayed bags.

While the aviation regulator DGCA doesn't record instances and complaints of
lost baggage, it lists hundreds of complaints over issues such as undue
cancellations of flights.

And, almost every month, Air India has the biggest number of complaints as well
as unresolved complaints.

In August, out of 712 complaints filed against all carriers, 189 were against
the national carrier. The number of unresolved complaints came to 29, which for
most others was zero. SpiceJet had 11 unresolved complaints in its name. On lost
and found baggage, international carriers have come a long way in terms of
resolving problems quickly and efficiently .

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 20, 2006 Monday

COUPLE IN ROAD HORROR - BILL & HILL NEIGHBORS SHOT

BYLINE: JANA WINTER and PHILIP MESSING

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 532 words


A notorious ex-lawyer who counts Bill and Hillary Clinton among his neighbors
was shot and critically wounded along with his wife after a mysterious gunman
pulled the couple over on a dark suburban road.

Carlos Perez-Olivo - a 58-year-old disgraced lawyer disbarred this year for
mishandling clients' funds - was shot in the abdomen, and his wife, Peggy, 55,
was struck in the head at about 11:15 p.m. Saturday in the Westchester town of
Millwood, cops said.

The couple was ambushed four miles from their sumptuous rented home in
Chappaqua, where they live just three doors down from the ex-president and his
senator wife.

Perez-Olivo - who was disbarred Aug. 3 for misconduct, including mishandling
tens of thousands of dollars belonging to clients - told cops he didn't know the
gunman.

But New Castle police said they are aware of Perez-Olivo's checkered past and
were investigating to see if it played into the violence.

According to cops, a dark-colored sedan with three people in it first forced the
ex-lawyer's silver Mitsubishi SUV to a stop at a deserted intersection along
Route 100. The gunman then jumped into the SUV and opened fire before fleeing in
the sedan.

With his wounded wife slumped at his side, Perez-Olivo managed to drive to
Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco, which was about 10 minutes away.

Both victims were in the intensive-care unit last night.

"I can't imagine" why anyone would shoot them," said Gerard Gorman, the pair's
stunned landlord. "They're a very nice couple, great folks, sweet people."

But legal records paint a different picture of Perez-Olivo, a lawyer for 25
years. Perez-Olivo first got into trouble in 2000, when he forfeited his license
to practice in Puerto Rico "at a time when he was facing disciplinary charges"
based on alleged misconduct there, documents show.

In 2005, he gained notoriety here for botching his summation at a murder trial.

Then he was disbarred in New York when it was determined he "repeatedly refused
to return unearned funds or retainers to clients," according to the documents.

In one case, he "refused to refund $10,000 of $15,000 in bail money, despite
having executed a handwritten agreement to do so," court documents show.

Perez-Olivo's oddball legal maneuvers came under the most public scrutiny during
the November 2005 murder trial.

During his summation while representing a Manhattan hotel waiter accused of
killing his wife's lover, Perez-Olivo admitted to a stunned jury that he'd
forgotten what else he wanted to say.

"There is a lot of other things that honestly I thought of and I can't think of
right now," he told the panel.

One juror objected - and was booted off the panel.

Perez-Olivo could have sought a mistrial because of the juror, but let the case
go to the jury, which convicted the man of murder.

At an interfaith service last night, parishioners of St. John and St. Mary said
they were praying for Olivo and his wife, who attended the church for the past
10 years. The couple have an adult son and a high-school-age daughter.

A spokesman for the Clintons did not return an e-mailed request for comment.

Additional reporting by Cathy Burke and Kate Sheehy

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PREZ-IDENCE: Carlos Perez-Olivo (right) and his wife, Peggy, rent a
Chappaqua home just three doors from the Clintons.  [Robert Kalfus]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                               May 8, 2005 Sunday

B2B Digest;
LOCAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS

SECTION: BUSINESS XCHANGE; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 276 words


OHIO EPA SETTLES WITH TROTWOOD COMPANY

DAYTON - The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency last week reached a $30,000
settlement with The Westwood Finishing Co. of Trotwood on the mishandling of
hazardous waste.

The company, at 5881 Wolf Creek Pike, has changed operating procedures, cleaned
up contaminated soil and paid a $30,000 civil penalty.

The EPA said it received a complaint Oct. 3, 2003, that the painting and
finishing company was mishandling hazardous waste. The agency investigated the
complaint in November and December of that year and determined that Westwood was
not complying with all of the state's regulations.

According to the EPA, Westwood Finishing treated and disposed of hazardous waste
without a permit by letting used solvent evaporate and failed to clean up spills
on soil. In addition, the company removed paint solids from its used keton-based
solvents and disposed of the solids in outdoor waste bins rather than as a
hazardous waste.

DAYTON FOUNDATION GETS TWO AWARDS

DAYTON - For the second consecutive year, the Dayton Foundation has been named a
Gold and Silver Award winner for excellence in communications by the national
Wilmer Shields Rich Awards Program. Sponsored by the Council on Foundations, the
national awards program recognizes effective communication efforts to increase
public awareness of foundations and corporate giving programs.

The foundation received a 2005 Gold Award for Futures, the foundation's
publication for financial and estate planning advisors. The foundation also
received a 2005 Silver Award for its new family of brochures that detail the
benefits of the foundation's charitable-giving services.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 25, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

The C.I.A. Report: Is Anyone Accountable?

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 613 words


To the Editor:

Re ''C.I.A. Lays Out Errors It Made Before Sept. 11'' (front page, Aug. 22):

The 2005 report on the Central Intelligence Agency, released Tuesday, marks a
first step toward bringing accountability to the leaders of an agency that has
refused to take responsibility for its gross mishandling of intelligence leading
up to the Sept. 11 attacks.

In continuing to refute claims of internal failures, the C.I.A. has once again
sought to operate above the law.

It is time that C.I.A. officials are held accountable for their missteps and
that they learn that they, too, must face consequences for their actions. The
release of this report could be the catalyst needed to begin a process to
finally bring about such justice.  Anna Devine

McLean, Va., Aug. 22, 2007

To the Editor:

I am weary of whining bureaucrats like George J. Tenet, the former director of
central intelligence, and Gen. Michael V. Hayden, the current director of the
C.I.A., who readily embrace power and responsibility until the time comes for
accountability.

I would be mollified, if not comforted, if they would admit their mistakes,
their mishandlings, their allowing petty rivalries between bureaus to flourish
at the expense of American lives.

Instead, we are fed allegations from Mr. Tenet that many of the conclusions in
the C.I.A. report are ''flat wrong,'' and chidings from General Hayden that the
American public is somehow wasting time trying to figure out what went wrong,
that we are ''revisiting ground that is already well plowed.''

Perhaps that would be true if the threat were past and if the debacle didn't
still cry out for clarification and admissions of culpability from the men at
whose feet the buck stopped. Do they actually think they're kidding anyone?

Juliana Meehan

Bogota, N.J., Aug. 22, 2007

To the Editor:

Does this mean that George J. Tenet will have to return his Presidential Medal
of Freedom?

Natalie Rothschild

San Mateo, Calif., Aug. 22, 2007

To the Editor:

One lesson we can learn from the release on Tuesday of the critical 2005 report
by the C.I.A.'s inspector general: the truth about the errors and missteps
committed years earlier by the C.I.A. will eventually come to the surface.

As the weeks left in the administration's term of office dwindle, we wonder how
many more revelations of incompetence will be forthcoming.

Given the interminable mess in Iraq and the ineptness of our intervention in the
Middle East, we anticipate a flood of critical reports to eventually set the
record straight.  Cy Shain

San Francisco, Aug. 22, 2007

To the Editor:

''The C.I.A. Report'' (editorial, Aug. 23) cites the statement by Michael V.
Hayden, director of the Central Intelligence Agency, to employees on the release
of the inspector general's report on the performance of the agency before 9/11.
But you don't mention several important points that the director made in that
statement, which was immediately posted on our public Web site.

As General Hayden said, the C.I.A. has for years spoken publicly, openly and
explicitly about shortcomings in its counterterror programs before 9/11. Nor did
the C.I.A. wait for this formal review to begin identifying and correcting the
systemic flaws discussed in the inspector general's report.

As the 9/11 commission report said, ''Before 9/11, no agency did more to attack
Al Qaeda than the C.I.A.'' That said, the inspector general's report, like
others before it, found areas in which the C.I.A. could do better, and in the
intervening years we have worked very hard to do just that.  Mark Mansfield

Director of Public Affairs

Central Intelligence Agency

Washington, Aug. 23, 2007

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY STEPHEN SAVAGE)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday

Insurance agent arrested for theft, forgery

BYLINE: Nick Bonham, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


Feb. 09--An insurance agent was arrested Thursday on warrants for theft and
forgery related to the mishandling of client policies.

Donielle K. Gonzales, 41, turned herself in Thursday night and was released
Friday on $25,000 bail.

Gonzales is a past board member of the Cesar Chavez Academy and committee member
of the Pueblo Sister Cities Program.

According to the Pueblo County Sheriff's Office, Gonzales' warrant was issued by
the Colorado Attorney General.

According to documents obtained by The Pueblo Chieftain, Gonzales' insurance
license was revoked in June amidst four cases in which she was accused of
mishandling clients' money while working for American Family Insurance.

The documents are not an affidavit for arrest, which was unavailable Friday.
They detail the cases that resulted in Gonzales' insurance license revocation.

The first case started in October 2011, when a home in Walsenburg was destroyed
by fire.

According to a court document, four months before the fire, the victim had paid
Gonzales $2,980 for home insurance.

Gonzales didn't submit the premium "until after there was a total fire loss."
The document said Gonzales "electronically entered a second insurance policy
application . . . with a September 20, 2011, effective date and a $500 down
payment."

The victim said his policy "would cover $315,000 for the contents and $440,000
for the home should a loss occur," the document said.

It was after this case that Gonzales "resigned" from American Family.

In another case, a Pueblo woman said that Gonzales had been "providing them with
false homeowners insurance" for "several years."

An Avondale couple said that Gonzales never paid $1,391 for a new homeowners
policy. And in another case, Gonzales reportedly supplied a local business, from
2004-08, with "workers compensation and employers liability," a coverage not
offered by American Family, the document said.

Gonzales, who could not be reached for comment, also faces civil penalties,
according to the document.

In all four cases combined, Gonzales faces $171,000 in penalties.

The document said Gonzales' license was revoked but that she went to work for
another insurance company, taking a "minimum of 600' American Family clients
with her, which is a "violation of her AFI agent contract."

nickb@chieftain.com

___ (c)2013 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130209-PB-Insurance-agent-arrested-for-theft-forgery-0209-20130209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2013 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Insurance - Legal malpractice

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 674  words


Where a defendant insurance company refused to defend attorneys against whom a
plaintiff client obtained two legal malpractice settlements, the insurer acted
permissibly by concluding that neither of two policies covering the attorneys
extended to the plaintiff's claims.

"(Defendant] Torus argues that coverage under the 2010-11 Policy is precluded by
Exclusion II(B). That exclusion precludes insurance coverage for: '(A]ny CLAIM
arising out of any WRONGFUL ACT occurring prior to the effective date of this
policy if ... the INSURED at or before the effective date knew or could have
reasonably foreseen that such WRONGFUL ACT might be expected to be the basis of
a CLAIM. However, this paragraph B does not apply to any INSURED who had no
knowledge of or could not have reasonably foreseen that any such WRONGFUL ACT
might be expected to be the basis of a CLAIM. ' ... (emphasis added.) In
interpreting similar language in a different professional liability policy, the
Massachusetts Appeals Court has held that this type of exclusion 'contains both
subjective and objective elements'; the test is 'what a reasonable attorney
would foresee given the insured's knowledge. ' ...

"Here, the effective date of the 2010-11 Policy was November 27, 2010; (Adam]
Lowenstein's mishandling of (plaintiff Samer] Gandor's appeal occurred in 2009.
Accordingly, the pertinent inquiry is whether (Alan] Shocket (the insured) knew
or could have reasonably foreseen, prior to November 27, 2010, that Lowenstein's
mishandling of Gandor's appeal might be expected to be the basis of a claim. ...

"... (H]e could have reasonably foreseen -- and actually did foresee -- Gandor's
malpractice claim, as early as January of 2010 and certainly no later than April
of that same year. Therefore, the unambiguous language of Exclusion II(B)
applies. The 2010-11 Policy did not cover Lowenstein's mishandling of Gandor's
zoning appeal. ...

"In an attempt to salvage his claim, Gandor alleges that Torus erroneously
applied the 2010-11 Policy to the claim made by Shocket Law Office in 2013. ...

"... The wrongful conduct underlying these two claims is identical. Lowenstein's
mistakes regarding Gandor's zoning appeal in 2009 resulted in the damages for
Gandor's loss, and these same damages formed the basis of the second claim.
Framing the second claim as Shocket's failure to provide insurance for
Lowenstein after he left the firm does not change the fact that the underlying
wrongful conduct and resulting damages were those set forth in the first claim.
Thus, according to the language of both the 2010-11 and 2012-13 Policies, the
second claim is considered to have been made alongside the first one. The
2010-11 Policy was the appropriate instrument, and Exclusion II(B) applies to
the second claim as well as the first. Coverage was appropriately denied.

"Moreover, even if the second claim were construed as stemming from separate
conduct occurring after the first claim had been made, the nature of the second
claim is beyond the scope of the 2012-13 Policy. The 2012-13 Policy covers only
claims that 'Arise(] out of the performance or failure to perform any
Professional Service. ' (Docket No. 28-5 at 21.) Professional services are
defined as 'services to others by an Insured as ... An attorney. ...'

"... Here, the conduct at issue in the second claim was commercial rather than
professional. Shocket's decisions regarding the terms of his former employee's
professional liability coverage were not the result of rigorous intellectual
training; these decisions pertained to the running of a business rather than the
practice of law. Therefore, even if the second claim were considered under the
2012-13 Policy, Torus properly denied coverage. "

Gandor v. Torus National Insurance Company (Lawyers Weekly No. 02-485-15) (10
pages) (Hillman, J.) (USDC) (Civil Action No. 4:13-40132-TSH) (Oct. 15, 2015).

Click here for the full-text opinion.





http://www.masslawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 11, 2014 Sunday

Price just needs relievers to do their jobs better

BYLINE: Hal McCoy

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 726 words


Hall of Fame baseball writer Hal McCoy knows a thing or two about America's
pastime. If you'd like to tap into that knowledge, send a question to
halmccoy1@hotmail.com

Q: Should Clint Hurdle stow away that 2013 National League Manager of the Year
award sitting on his mantel? - DAVE, Miamisburg/Centerville/ Beavercreek.

A: Should you return your paycheck from last year because you are doing a lousy
job this year? The award was for last year and what the Pittsburgh Pirates do
this year has nothing to do with last year. Of course, if the Pirates don't pick
it up Hurdle may be just like you, looking for a job. Q: With Bryan Price
mishandling the bullpen in late-game situations the same as Dusty Baker did,
does the front office think it made a mistake? - SHAWN, Cincinnati. A: Price is
not mishandling the bullpen and neither did Baker. They only put guys into the
spots for which they are paid and it is up to the pitchers to do their jobs. The
managers don't walk batters or give up big hits. And, no, the front office
doesn't believe it made a mistake. Maybe the mistake the front office made is in
the choice of which bullpen pitchers it gave Price (and Baker).

Q: Todd Frazier seems really confident and seems to be really focused on seeing
the ball. What did he focus on in the off-season? - JACKI, Dayton.

A: The principle thing he focused on was his new marriage and building his new
house in New Jersey and getting ready for the birth of his son during spring
training. Maybe all that relaxed him and took his focus away from baseball for a
while. For sure he has been productive so far, even with that funky swing that
results in so many one-hand-on-the-bat swings.

Q: What's wrong with Joey Votto's bat? - DEAN, Eaton.

A: Nothing wrong with his bats. The manufacturer sends him only the best of the
batch. It is how you use them. Votto's bats last a long time because you don't
abuse them when you take a lot of walks. But betting against Votto coming back
to have a good year is foolhardy.

Q: One of my all-time favorite pitchers was Mario Soto. Whatever happened to
him? - JAY, Englewood.

A: He was one of mine, too. A fierce competitor with one of the best change-ups
ever. If you turn to page 16 of the 2014 Cincinnati Reds media guide you'll find
a picture of his smiling face atop the page with the title, "Special Assistant
to the General Manager." Soto mostly tours the minor league teams to work with
the pitchers, and if they learn that change-up they'll make it the majors
quickly.

Q: Have you noticed Brayan Pena uses a split-grip on his bat (space between his
hands)? Can you remember any other Red using this grip? - NIGEL, Vandalia.

A: Back in the days before Babe Ruth, a lot of hitters spread their hands on the
bat, including Ty Cobb. And how did that work? In these days of
swing-from-the-heels to hit home runs, few batters do it. Pena doesn't do it on
every pitch. I can't recall any Reds in my 42-year span who did it.

Q: I say a catcher doesn't get an error on catcher's interference and my friends
say he does. Who is right? - BILL, Cincinnati.

A: I hope you didn't bet your Maserati (or your MINI Cooper) on it. You are
wrong and your buddies are right. The catcher does get an error and nasty looks
from his pitcher and manager for sticking his big mitt into the hitter's bat.

Q: Do you think it is time to put somebody else at shortstop because Zack Cozart
is doing nothing offensively, not even as good as Mike Leake? - TODD, Fairborn.

A: Leake did play shortstop at Arizona State University when he wasn't pitching.
And both he and Cozart were hitting .200 before the weekend, but Leake's is a
small sampling. However, you don't risk injuring a pitcher's arm by having him
make long throws from shortstop. Even Cozart is having difficulties with his
throws, bouncing several to first base and so far first baseman Joey Votto has
saved him about six errors with scoops out of the dirt.

Q: With the season Alfredo Simon is having. is it possible for him to remain in
the rotation when Tony Cingrani and Mat Latos return? - JOSH, Piqua.

A: Simon will remain even when Cingrani returns because nobody took Cingrani's
place because they only needed four starters while Cingrani was on the disabled
list. As for Latos? Who knows when he'll be back. And with the way injuries have
inundated the Reds, who knows who might go down next?

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Armengau, 5 other lawyers face misconduct charges

LENGTH: 395  words


Six Columbus-area lawyers, including one convicted of raping a client, face
professional-misconduct charges before the disciplinary arm of the Ohio Supreme
Court.
The filing of the cases before the Board of Commissioners on Grievances and
Discipline seeking action against the lawyers' licenses was announced this week
by court officials.


A probable-cause panel recommended that suspended Columbus lawyer Javier
Armengau be permanently disbarred following his conviction for raping one client
and sexually assaulting two other women.
Armengau, 52, was sentenced to 13 years in prison on Aug. 26. But, the
disciplinary complaint against him further accuses Armengau of a laundry-list of
misconduct involving at least a dozen cases.
The complaint accuses him of conflicts of interest, charging excessive fees,
making false statements, failing to return client funds, dishonesty, incivility,
false advertising and client trust-fund violations.
Six other local lawyers also face charges before the disciplinary board.
Stephen E. Hillman, of Dublin, was cited for misconduct involving federal income
tax violations from 2009 to 2011. He was placed on six months of house arrest
this year and ordered to pay $133,899 to the IRS.
Gerald W. Salters, of Reynoldsburg, faces charges after he was convicted this
year of felony trespassing, drunken driving and misdemeanor child endangering.
He was convicted of drinking in a bar and entering an ex-girlfriend's apartment
while leaving his 2-year-old daughter in his vehicle and ordered to serve 60
days in jail.
Roger Warner, of Columbus, was charged with mishandling a clients' case by
filing paperwork two months too late - after the two children a couple sought to
adopt were adopted by an out-of-state family.
James C. Zury, of Westerville, was charged with mishandling his employer's money
and dishonesty by cashing a $1,750 check payable to American Family Insurance.
He repaid the money to the company months later, after his employment ended.
Daniel K. Balaloski, of Reynoldsburg, was charged mishandling six estates and
other cases and failing to distribute funds to his clients in a timely manner.
The Board of Commissioners on Grievances and Discipline will conduct hearings in
the cases and recommend to the Ohio Supreme Court what action, if any, should be
taken against the lawyers' licenses. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 19, 1987

Kodak dishes up nonstick diskettes

BYLINE: By Alan Alper, CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Teflon, the substance that made possible nonstick pots, pans and politicians, is
now being used to protect floppy diskettes. The manufacturer, Eastman Kodak
Co.'s Verbatim Corp. subsidiary, claims the media are almost impervious to
accidental mishandling that could cause data loss.

Verbatim last week introduced a new line of 5 1/4 -in. floppy diskettes that are
coated with Teflon in order to resist substances such as coffee, smudges and
fingerprints.

Any substance remaining on the recording surface after being cleaned will be
absorbed by the floppy's jacket lining when the diskette begins to spin,
Verbatim officals said.

The firm turned to teflon coating, developed by Du Pont Co., in response to
focus group studies that found that accidental damage to diskettes caused by
mishandling is a chief concern of computer users, both in the office and at
home.  Accidental loss of data due to mishandling is still a problem, Verbatim
officials contended, since many users still do not back up data.

Analysts were divided on the virtues of teflon-coated floppies.  Some claimed
accidental mishandling is not as big a problem as defectively manufactured
diskettes that are not tested properly.  Others contended that protecting users
from accidents is a useful function.

"To me, anything that makes floppies more reliable is a good thing," noted David
Vallenti, an analyst at International Data Corp. in Framingham, Mass.

Verbatim's teflon-coated diskettes are being marketed under the name Datalife
Plus and will be available starting next week through the firm's resellers.  A
package of 10 diskettes is expected to retail for between $15.99 and $16.99 --
approximately 15% more than Verbatim's existing product line.

You get what you pay for?

"We think that users will be willing to pay a little more for a product that is
demonstrably better," said Mark Welland, Verbatim's vice-president for marketing
and sales for North America.

Datalife Plus will initially come preformatted in a 48 track/in. format for the
360K-bit diskettes used by the IBM Personal Computer and compatibles.  The
company will release preformatted diskettes for IBM PC ATs and compatibles in
the second quarter of next year, Welland said.

The teflon-coating process will not be used with 3 1/2 -in. floppies, because
those diskettes come with a hard jacket and shutter that protect them from being
damaged by foreign substances.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1987 Computerworld, Inc.


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                 August 5, 2002

Disbarred Attorney F. Lee Bailey: He's Got Class

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 240  words


He may no longer be practicing law, but F. Lee Bailey is hard at work all the
same.

Bailey, who was disbarred in November for mishandling $6 million worth of stock
for a client, is registered at a Florida university in hopes of earning an
online master's degree in business.

"My mother got a Ph.D. at 70, so I figured I'd get an MBA at 70," Bailey, 69,
said after speaking to a business conference in Punta Gorda, Fla.

Bailey is enrolled at IMPAC University, a three-year-old, for-profit institution
in southwest Florida. The degree will help him run his consulting business, he
said.

Most students at IMPAC reportedly earn their degrees online. Bailey is one of 45
students enrolled in the university's master's degree programs in business,
technology and behavioral science.

Bailey, whose clients have included O.J. Simpson, Patty Hearst and the Boston
Strangler, was accused by the Florida bar of mishandling $6 million in stock for
a drug trafficker now serving a life sentence. The U.S. Supreme Court refused to
review the state decision in May.

His license was revoked in Massachusetts as well.

Bailey spent about six weeks in federal prison in 1996 after refusing to turn
over the stock. He contended the government agreed that he could keep some of
the stock and that he did nothing wrong.

Bailey gained national prominence in 1966 for winning a reversal of the murder
verdict against Sam Sheppard, an Ohio doctor convicted of killing his wife.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Owner of Rivers Casino fined $2 million by state regulators

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 971 words


Owner of Rivers Casino fined $2 million by state regulators

DES PLAINES -- The owner of Rivers Casino in Des Plaines, the most-visited
gambling floor in Illinois, was fined $2 million for mishandling promotions for
its patrons and breaking rules in hiring a firm to clean the casino.

The Illinois Gaming Board leveled the fine after its investigators accused the
casino of not following proper bidding procedures in picking United Service
Company to clean parts of the casino in 2011, then later backdating a contract
signed in 2014.

In addition, the board accused the casino of promoting a $100,000 new-member
giveaway that hadn't been approved by regulators and, later, allowing someone to
enter to win a $250,000 giveaway after the promotion had already been closed.

At a public meeting, Gaming Board Chairman Don Tracy called the $2 million fine
"obviously a very significant fine."

Through the first six months of the year, Rivers had grossed $215 million in
receipts from nearly 1.7 million visitors. Compare that to $93.6 million from
about 754,000 visitors at Illinois' next-biggest casino, Harrah's in Joliet.

Trezeros Kitchen to replace Jake's Pizza in Mt. Prospect

MOUNT PROSPECT -- A local couple opening a new restaurant on the former Jake's
Pizza site downtown will receive financial assistance from the village for
facade improvements.

The village will reimburse Pasquale and Julie Ergastolo $25,000, the maximum
allowed under the village's rebate program, for work they're having done at 302
W. Northwest Hwy.

The owners are getting ready to open Trezeros Kitchen and Tap, a restaurant that
will feature steak, seafood and pasta entrees, and have a bar and entertainment
on weekends. Their plan also includes outdoor dining space. According to the
village, the Ergastolos are renovating the interior and exterior of the
building, at an approximate cost of $480,000.

Community Development Director William Cooney said it is one of three new
eateries coming to downtown.

Harper College, Zurich team up on apprentice program

PALATINE -- Harper College is teaming with Zurich Insurance and the German
American Chamber of Commerce of the Midwest to establish apprentice programs in
the insurance and manufacturing fields.

In January, the first cohort of insurance apprentices will begin a 2 1/2-year
program focusing on claims and underwriting.

Apprentices will be paid employees of Zurich and earn academic credit and
industry certifications along the way.

Zurich's aim is to create a channel that bolsters the supply of talent entering
the insurance field.

The partnership with the German-American chamber will create the Industrial
Maintenance Mechanic apprenticeship program. The goal is to address the need for
skilled workers in Northern Illinois, as an aging workforce and image problem
continue to challenge manufacturers.

About 10 Harper students recently began three years of training toward becoming
industrial technicians, who manufacture, maintain and monitor technical systems.

The companies will compensate each trainee between $20,000 and $25,000 in
tuition and salary over each of the three years, and graduates then will be
guaranteed employment for two years.

End of era: Motorola Solutions HQ leaving after 50 years

SCHAUMBURG -- Motorola Solutions Inc. is moving its global headquarters to
Chicago after about 50 years in Schaumburg, where its sprawling corporate campus
helped set the standard for companies across the suburbs.

The maker of communications equipment for government and first-responders will
send 800 jobs to Chicago by next summer along with its headquarters operations.

Employees left in Schaumburg, primarily software and hardware engineers, will
number only about 1,600 consolidated into two buildings, the 12-story corporate
tower and the 2-story IT building.

The entire 277-acre campus, once home to thousands of employees, will be put up
for sale for redevelopment and then Motorola Solutions plans to lease those two
buildings from the new owners.

"People come, people go," Schaumburg Mayor Al Larson said. "Motorola has been
going for quite some time."

Larson said the company's presence has created permanent benefits that won't be
erased. While Motorola's departure means Schaumburg loses the prestige of the
corporate headquarters, it opens other doors, Larson said.

"It gives us now an opportunity to redevelop over 200 acres of prime real
estate," he said.

Motorola Solutions Chairman and CEO Greg Brown made the joint announcement
Tuesday with Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who said the move would allow the
company to "gain the access to talent that they need for the future we are all
building here, in Chicago."

Motorola Solutions also announced about 200 employees in its manufacturing and
delivery operations will move from Schaumburg to Elgin by next summer with the
potential to hire another 200 workers. This group assembles and customizes
radios and network infrastructure equipment.

Elgin city councilman Terry Gavin earlier called that move "a big victory for
the city and a big victory for the (Elgin Area) Chamber of Commerce."

Though Schaumburg officials have been anticipating a move by Motorola Solutions
for a while, company officials did not tip off the village about Tuesday's
announcement.

Larson said he found humor in some media outlets characterizing Schaumburg's
next step as "picking up the pieces."

"Schaumburg isn't falling apart," Larson laughed. "We have a great town. It's
not great just because of Motorola."

While the Motorola campus did not generate significant sales tax, it set the
standard for the quality of companies that have followed in its wake, Larson
said. He pointed to the developing campuses of Zurich North America and Sunstar
Americas Inc. on or near the Motorola Solutions campus as evidence that a
post-Motorola future has been in the works for some time.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com Rivers Casino in Des Plaines has been
hit with a $2 million fine for mishandling promotions for its patrons and
breaking rules in hiring a firm to clean the casino. Mark
Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com Rivers Casino in Des Plaines has been hit with a $2
million fine for mishandling promotions for its patrons and breaking rules in
hiring a firm to clean the casino. Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com Rivers
Casino in Des Plaines must pay a $2 million fine for rules violations.George
LeClaire/gleclaire@dailyherald.com Jake's Pizza in Mount Prospect closed last
summer, and now the liquor license it had will disappear with it. George
LeClaire/gleclaire@dailyherald.com, 2013 Mount Prospect trustees on Tuesday
voted to give a $25,000 reimbursement to a local couple planning to open a new
restaurant at the former Jake's Pizza site in the village's downtown. The money
will help fund an estimated $480,000 in interior and exterior improvements.
George LeClaire/gleclaire@dailyherald.com, 2013 Mount Prospect trustees on
Tuesday voted to give a $25,000 reimbursement to a local couple planning to open
a new restaurant at the former Jake's Pizza site in the village's downtown. The
money will help fund an estimated $480,000 in interior and exterior
improvements. George LeClaire/gleclaire@dailyherald.com, 2013 Restarateurs
Pasquale and Julie Ergastolo are renovating the former Jake's Pizza building in
downtown Mount Prospect.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 28, 2003 Tuesday

Confusion plagued Canada's war effort;
A report on Canada's Afghan mission finds major problems, as troubles grow for
the U.S. in Baghdad

BYLINE: PAUL KNOX

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1248 words


Inadequate planning, command confusion and supply foul-ups plagued the Canadian
Forces during the first year of support for the U.S. counterterrorism campaign,
an internal military report says.

Vaccines were ruined through mishandling; some troops were not trained to
protect themselves against nuclear, biological and chemical weapons; and
diplomatic support from the Foreign Affairs Department was weak, it says.

The blunt "lessons learned" document says Canada lacked a national military
objective, other than backing U.S. forces, when it decided to send troops,
warships and aircraft to Afghanistan and the Arabian Sea.

Personnel and equipment were offered - and accepted - without knowing whether
they would be useful or how long they would be needed, says the report prepared
by the lessons-learned section in the office of the deputy chief of defence
staff.

"There was no overall Canadian national strategy or goal to guide the
development of potential contributions in the early phases of the operation,"
the report adds. "The primary objective was to be seen to be helping the U.S.
with the overall plan."

Among its revelations:

*Medical supplies were ruined through mishandling, putting soldiers at increased
risk. Lieutenant-Commander Ross Lambert, chief of the lessons-learned unit, said
in an interview that, twice, vaccine was spoiled when flight crews lacking
medical knowledge turned off power to refrigeration units.

*Although training in protection against weapons of mass destruction was
supposed to be mandatory, some officers gave priority to other tasks. Some units
had no medical teams, and military planners have been ordered to make sure that
this does not happen again.

*Operation Apollo's commanders were half a world away at U.S. Central Command
headquarters in Tampa, Fla. The study quotes Major-General Michel Gauthier as
saying this created a "risky command structure" and was inefficient.

*Low stocks of spare parts and other vital equipment, the result of a decade of
military cost-cutting, hampered rapid deployment. "There is no longer an
effective method of exercising national . . . control over scarce or critical
supply items," the study says.

*Canadian rules hampered soldiers guarding the airfield at Kandahar in southern
Afghanistan. Ottawa wanted background checks on local allies before allowing
Canadian soldiers to patrol with them. Troops asked for pepper spray after
Afghan children threw water at them, but the request was denied on the ground
that it would contravene the international treaty banning chemical weapons.

*Troops were dispatched without diplomatic clearance from Persian Gulf
governments. A projected 50-soldier logistics group in Bahrain was reduced after
nervous authorities there balked at harbouring highly visible foreign soldiers.

*Canadian warships searching for terrorists in the Arabian Sea had few speakers
of local languages, while few of the vessels they hailed or boarded had English
or French speakers. LCdr. Lambert said he plans to tell top military officials
this week that little has been done to improve language skills.

*Military officers clashed with foreign-aid officials over the use of money for
humanitarian relief.

The report was completed in April but has not received wide circulation outside
the Canadian Forces.

It examines Operation Apollo, Canada's continuing contribution to the
counterterrorism campaign, from its beginnings in October, 2001, to September,
2002.

As a result of the examination, Canadian Forces staff have been ordered to
integrate planning with that of their allies when offering aid to a military
coalition. They should "not offer forces until the structure of the overall
coalition plan is apparent" and a probable role is identified, the report says.

A month after the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Canada announced that it
would join the United States in its war against Afghanistan's Taliban government
and the al-Qaeda terror network.

Operation Apollo was eventually given written political guidance, and the report
praises the federal government for it. "No other recent operation has received
such comprehensive written direction," it says.

But the guidance did not arrive until late November - with troops already
committed, planning well advanced, and some personnel on their way to the
theatre of action.

"Canadian Forces elements were committed to a wide variety of disparate tasks,
with little strategic focus, and were difficult to support and sustain," the
study says.

"A clear analysis of Canadian interests, considerations of the economy and
efficiency of Canadian Forces resources, and a concept of national [command and
control], were apparently given little weight in the planning process."

The study highlighted the complexity of planning war operations as a member of a
coalition, LCdr. Lambert said.

"Before we start offering forces, let's figure out what the rest of the
coalition is doing so we can see where we can best contribute," he said. "That
was not what occurred."

The report does not suggest soldiers' lives were placed in immediate danger
because of the problems. And it says some aspects of Apollo were a success.

The recently developed Coyote reconnaissance vehicle was "universally admired,"
it says, and Canadian snipers were praised. Canadian sailors fit "seamlessly"
into coalition fighting units because their electronics systems are harmonized
with those of the U.S. Navy, it adds.

But it repeats long-standing criticisms of aging Sea King helicopters, Aurora
maritime patrol aircraft and Hercules cargo planes. "Many of the aircraft are
old and are only kept going through extraordinary maintenance efforts," it says.

The study shows the effect of maintaining a level of readiness adequate for
peacekeeping and then asking the Forces to deploy rapidly for war, said defence
analyst Jocelyn Coulon, director of the Pearson Peacekeeping Centre in Montreal.

"When you look at lessons-learned reports from peacekeeping missions, you have
the same complaints. It becomes quite dangerous if we're involved in a war."

Apollo was the first time since the Korean War that Canadian Forces have taken
part in offensive land operations as part of a coalition of allies.

Four Canadian soldiers died during Operation Apollo when they were mistakenly
bombed by a U.S. pilot in April, 2002.

Apollo's 750-member infantry battalion, whose main duties were guarding the
airport at Kandahar in southeast Afghanistan, was withdrawn after six months in
July, 2002.

At its peak, Apollo also included six warships and transport and maritime patrol
aircraft. The frigate HMCS Calgary and 250 Canadian Forces members remain.

Meanwhile, in a separate operation dubbed Athena, a 1,950-member army contingent
is now in Kabul, Afghanistan's capital, as part of a North Atlantic Treaty
Organization stabilization force.

LCdr. Lambert said debate was intense within the armed forces over whether
Apollo's commander should be in Tampa or closer to Afghanistan.

The study suggests it would have been better to move the commander to the
theatre of operations once fighting got under way.

The report says Canadian embassies gave valuable aid to Apollo but support from
the Foreign Affairs Department in Ottawa "was not brought to bear at a high
enough level, or with sufficient priority, to meet the military requirement."

Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Kimberley Phillips declined to comment on the
report's specific claims.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

Judge tosses suit accusing San Mateo County coroner of mishandling man's brain

BYLINE: Joshua Melvin, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Oct. 18--REDWOOD CITY -- A judge has dismissed a New York couple's lawsuit --
which they refiled three times -- alleging the San Mateo County coroner
mishandled their son's brain.

Bringing to a close an approxmiately 19-month legal struggle in San Mateo
Superior Court, Judge Joseph Bergeron ruled Wednesday that Jerald and Sandra
Wolkoff cannot proceed with their case. The couple alleged Coroner Robert
Foucrault broke the law when he allowed an ambulance company to take samples of
Steven Wolkoff's brain stem.

In a two-page ruling Bergeron wrote the Wolkoffs did "not identify any statute
that requires the coroner to seek consent before taking a body part." He didn't
allow the family another chance to refile, as they received in three prior court
decisions on their suit.

San Mateo County applauded the decision, while attorney for the Wolkoffs said
the family is considering an appeal.

Steven Wolkoff died after a car wreck on Highway 1 in July 2008. His parents
alleged in a separate 2009 lawsuit that ambulance company American Medical
Response made errors that led to their son's death. In response, the company got
Wolkoff's brain tissue as part of its defense against the wrongful death case,
which has since been settled for an undisclosed sum, attorneys said previously.

The Wolkoffs say they didn't know the coroner had retained part of their son's
brain, and never gave their permission for it to be turned over to the ambulance
company.

"The Wolkoffs are pretty upset about the ruling," said their attorney Jayme
Burns of Oakland-based law firm Gwilliam, Ivary, Chiosso Cavalli & Brewer. "They
were devastated. Their (Jewish) faith requires the entire body be buried."

Due to ongoing litigation concerning the wrongful death case, the removed parts
of Wolkoff's brain still have not been interred with him, Burns said.

San Mateo County Counsel John Beiers said the coroner didn't do anything wrong
and the judge made the right call.

"The court had been very benevolent in giving the plaintiffs several chances to
amend," he said. "Finally the judge had to close the door on the case."

Foucrault was accused once before of mishandling the remains handled by his
office. Isolina Picon filed suit agianst the coroner in 2007 after learning his
staff had retained her son's heart. Picon's suit was later dismissed.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him at Twitter.com/melvinreport.

___ (c)2012 the San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) Visit the San Mateo
County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121018-SM-Judge-tosses-suit-accusing-San-Mateo-County-coroner-of-
mishandling-man-s-brain-1018-20121018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2012 Small Business column


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 11, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Physicist Is Indicted In Nuclear Spy Probe; Wen Ho Lee Accused Of Mishandling
Secrets

Vernon Loeb; David A. Vise, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1447 words



Nuclear physicist Wen Ho Lee, a central figure in the government's Chinese
espionage investigation at Los Alamos National Laboratory, was arrested
yesterday in New Mexico and charged with 59 counts of mishandling classified
information and violating secrecy provisions of the Atomic Energy Act. Some of
the counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison.

FBI agents arrested Lee at his modest ranch-style home outside Los Alamos and
took him to Albuquerque, where he was arraigned before a U.S. magistrate and
ordered held without bail until a detention hearing on Monday.

His arrest came after a federal grand jury issued a far-reaching indictment that
charged Lee with downloading vast quantities of highly sensitive information
related to the design, construction and testing of nuclear weapons from a
classified computing network at Los Alamos to his unsecure office computer and
to 10 portable tapes, seven of which are missing.

In the indictment, Lee is charged with counts that carry life sentences for
violating the Atomic Energy Act and a provision in the espionage statutes that
carries a 10-year prison term for gross negligence in the handling of classified
defense information. However, the indictment does not allege that Lee
deliberately passed secret information to China or any other foreign government.

"The case is being prosecuted because Wen Ho Lee has denied the United States
its exclusive dominion and control over some of this nation's most sensitive
nuclear secrets," John J. Kelly, the U.S. attorney in Albuquerque, told a news
conference.

"Although he has not been charged with communicating classified information to a
foreign power, the mishandling of classified information alleged in the
indictment has resulted in serious damage to important national interests,"
Kelly said.

Mark Holscher, Lee's attorney at the Los Angeles firm of O'Melveny & Myers,
denounced the indictment as "a horrible injustice" and said in a statement that
the government is "blatantly overreaching and wholly unjustified" in seeking to
have Lee held without bail, since Lee has already surrendered his passport.

"He has been under 24-hour, seven-day a week surveillance since March 1999, even
though the government has fully acknowledged that it has no evidence that he
engaged in any espionage activities," Holscher said.

"We look forward to proving Doctor Lee's innocence and his being exonerated of
all charges that are being brought against him," the lawyer added.

In a separate letter faxed to Kelly four hours prior to the indictment, Holscher
said Lee is ready to take a polygraph examination to establish his innocence and
will immediately provide prosecutors with "credible and verifiable" information
showing that "at no time did he mishandle those tapes in question and to confirm
that he did not provide those tapes to any third party."

Lee's indictment, approved by Attorney General Janet Reno, comes after months of
political furor over suspected Chinese espionage at the nation's nuclear weapons
laboratories.

Amid the politically charged atmosphere in Washington, the FBI committed massive
resources to its probe of Lee's activities at Los Alamos.

The FBI said Lee's indictment was based on work by more than 60 agents and
computer specialists who conducted more than 1,000 interviews and searched more
than a million computer files. An additional 200 FBI agents have been involved
in watching Lee 24 hours a day since April, U.S. officials said.

Lee, 59, a Taiwan-born U.S. citizen, was fired in March for mishandling
classified information and failing to report contacts with Chinese scientists
after working for almost 20 years in the top secret X Division at Los Alamos,
which designed America's most advanced nuclear warhead, the W-88.

At the time, authorities identified Lee as the prime suspect in a three-year
probe into China's apparent theft of nuclear secrets, including information
about the design of the W-88.

After his dismissal, Lee gave investigators permission to search his office.
They discovered that he had downloaded computer data from Los Alamos's
classified network to his unclassified desktop computer.

According to the 44-page indictment and interviews with U.S. officials, Lee
allegedly abused a computer security system at Los Alamos that permits
scientists with high-level clearances to work with classified and unclassified
data simultaneously.

Rather than returning the classified computer data to its secure environment,
Lee transferred 380 computer files into an "open" area in the computer system
and changed its coding so that it no longer carried a classified designation.

He then allegedly copied the data on nine separate high-volume computer tapes.
In the process, Lee allegedly used an associate's computer to download some data
that his computer was blocked from copying.

Within a few hours after Lee was advised on Feb. 10 that he had failed a
polygraph exam, he deleted the classified files he had put into the open system,
an apparent effort to conceal the illicit activities, according to the
indictment and federal officials.

The misappropriated information allegedly covered the physical and radioactive
properties of nuclear weapons, the precise shapes and sizes of nuclear weapons
and, most significantly, computer codes used to simulate nuclear explosions.
"These are the tools by which you test nuclear weapons," one official said.

There is uncertainty over the seven missing tapes. Investigators said they hope
that Lee, now facing the possibility of life in prison, may become a cooperating
witness and explain what happened to the tapes.

Reno's decision to indict Lee, following a briefing on the case last week at the
White House for senior officials, ended months of speculation about whether he
could or should be charged with felony counts for downloading computer data.

The speculation was fueled by the Justice Department's decision in April not to
prosecute former CIA director John M. Deutch after CIA technicians discovered
classified materials stored on Deutch's unsecure laptop computer at his home.

Legal scholars said Lee's indictment may be the first time a government employee
has been charged with "gross negligence" in handling classified information
without evidence that the information fell into the hands of a third party.

The charges against Lee also appear to be the first criminal prosecution under a
section of the Atomic Energy Act that prohibits removing, concealing or
tampering with classified nuclear weapons data. Under this section, the
individual must act "with intent to injure the United States or with intent to
secure an advantage to any foreign nation."

Lee's indictment was applauded on Capitol Hill, where lawmakers have faulted the
nation's weapons labs for alarmingly lax security and counterintelligence
procedures.

Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) described the arrest
as "an overdue step in a long story in which the attorney general paid too
little attention to serious and credible espionage allegations."

Chinese American groups, meanwhile, expressed concern that spy mania might
poison the atmosphere for immigrant scientists. C.Y. Wong, a Chinese American
physicist at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, who is chairman of the
Overseas Chinese Physics Association, said the indictment is "flawed" because
some investigators have alleged that Lee was singled out as a suspect on the
basis of his ethnicity.

"We hope the indictment will not bring up anti-Chinese American sentiment," Wong
said. "It is something we're afraid of, that the trial will be emotional and
drag on for a year."

Staff writer Walter Pincus contributed to this report.


What Lee Allegedly Took


A 59-count federal indictment alleges that Wen Ho Lee downloaded and removed the
following classified information from Los Alamos National Laboratory:


Data on the physical and radioactive properties of materials used to make
nuclear weapons.


The exact shapes and sizes used in the design and simulated testing of nuclear
weapons.


The computer instructions to simulate the detonation of a nuclear weapon.


Computer "source codes" used to determine whether designs for nuclear weapons
would work and to compare bomb test results with predictions.


Libraries of data collected from actual tests of nuclear weapons.


Data on nuclear bomb test problems, yield calculations and other nuclear weapons
design and detonation information.


Computer programs needed to run the design and testing files.


SOURCE: Justice Department


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 15, 2010 Monday
                                Suburban Edition

Fleeting sanctuary for endangered bats;
Zoo wants to keep epidemic at bay, but consultant says mishandling has led to
deaths

BYLINE: Michael E. Ruane

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 905 words


The idea was for the National Zoo to establish a captive colony of endangered
Virginia big-eared bats to shield them from a deadly epidemic and ensure that
there would be survivors should the wild population be destroyed.

But five months after the project began, most of the bats in the colony are
dead, and a consultant hired by the zoo said it mishandled the animals and
disregarded her advice that might have saved them.

"Mishandling of the bats resulted in broken fingers, soiled fur, skin infections
. . . bruised legs . . . anorexia, capture myopathy and death," the consultant,
Missy Singleton, wrote in a December report.

The zoo disputed the allegations, saying that the colony is experimental, that
this subspecies of bat had never been held in captivity before and that many of
Singleton's assertions are inaccurate.

Zoo scientists said there have been bruises, eating problems and fatal skin
infections among the bats -- caused, essentially, by captivity, not from
mishandling.

There have been no broken bones or capture myopathy, a dangerous malady that can
come after a wild animal is caught, the zoo scientists said.

The zoo acknowledged that the efforts for the original 40-bat colony has been
distressing. Another bat died Tuesday. Others are being treated.

And, said David E. Wildt, senior scientist at the Smithsonian Conservation
Biology Institute in Front Royal, Va., where the colony is housed, "We could
lose the last 10 bats."

The controversy is being played out against the backdrop of the "white-nose
syndrome," a fungus that has killed more than a million bats of various kinds in
recent years throughout the Northeast. It does not infect humans.

The colony bats do not have the fungus, zoo officials said. They are mainly
dying of blood infections that stem from skin abrasions and inflammations.

Last Monday, the watchdog group Public Employees for Environmental
Responsibility blamed the situation on the zoo's "ignorance and incompetence"
and asked the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to revoke the zoo's permit for the
colony and transfer the surviving bats elsewhere.

Diana Weaver, a spokeswoman for the wildlife service's northeast region, said in
an e-mail Thursday that the agency is investigating.

"All information we have received from the Smithsonian so far leads us to
believe they are doing everything they can to care for the remaining bats," she
wrote. "At this time, we do not feel it is appropriate to move the remaining
bats. Moving them would cause additional stress."

The trouble stems from the wildlife service's discussions last year with
numerous agencies about a possible sanctuary colony to spare some of the
big-eared bats from catching the devastating disease.

Although white-nose syndrome had not then killed any of the bats -- and still,
apparently, has not -- experts feared it would eventually.

They are homely little creatures -- smaller than a sparrow -- with furry bodies
and big, pointed ears.

Bats are major consumers of mosquitoes and other pests, and any threat to them
is worrisome, experts said. The wildlife service has said that there are only
about 15,000 Virginia big-eared bats in existence and that if the disease
strikes them, "this bat subspecies could likely become extinct."

The term white-nose syndrome reflects the fungus that collects on the bat's
muzzle, in addition to other areas, experts said. It depletes fat reserves and
causes bats to starve. It was first found in Upstate New York in 2006 and has
spread as far as Virginia and Tennessee.

The Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute was the only organization to
respond to the colony idea, zoo and wildlife officials said. "We knew it was
high-risk," said Wildt, the institute scientist. "We knew that there was the
possibility of mortality ranging from 50 percent to 100 percent."

Last fall, the zoo hired Singleton, a Texas-based expert, for a three-week stint
as a consultant.

Singleton said Tuesday that her stay was fraught with tension. In her report,
she criticizes how the bat holding cage was constructed, how the bats were fed
and how they were being cared for. She said that poor injection techniques
caused bats to "cry out" and that twice, needles entered the gloves of the
person holding the bat during injections.

"I was outwardly saying, 'You're making wrong decisions. This is going to cause
a bat to die,' " she said.

The zoo said it was unaware of most of Singleton's allegations until the day she
left and has sought to refute them.

Staff veterinarian Luis R. Padilla said the cages were built with a plastic mesh
size that was approved for such use, although it has now been replaced by mesh
with smaller holes. And, he said, bats often "vocalize" when they are held.

He said he was unaware that workers' gloves were pricked by needles. He said
workers are supposed to report such things but might not have. He said zoo
experts did often disagree with Singleton's observations and advice. "There was
always a reason," Padilla said.

Both sides seemed to have the bats' welfare at heart. "In no way would I say the
Smithsonian wanted to kill these bats," Singleton said. "What should have been
done wasn't done."

Padilla said: "We take it very seriously that they get sick. We take it very
seriously that they die. We put in incredible numbers of hours. . . . We take
every individual bat very seriously."

Meanwhile, state officials said Wednesday that white-nose syndrome might have
spread to Maryland.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Courtesy Of Singleton Consulting; The colony of Virginia
big-eared bats at a Smithsonian facility in Front Royal, Va., has gone from 40
to 10.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 3, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Case of Lost Miami Girl Puts Focus on an Agency

BYLINE:  By DANA CANEDY

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 889 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, May 2


The disappearance of 5-year-old Rilya Wilson while in state custody is just an
extreme example of an overburdened agency's struggle to keep up with the demands
of caring for an increasing number of vulnerable children, state officials and
child advocates say.

"This is an agency that's overloaded with children, and its performance is
dismal," said Howard Talenfeld, a lawyer and child advocate in Fort Lauderdale
who has sued the state to overhaul Broward County's foster care system.

While extreme, the mishandling of Rilya's case was emblematic of systemic
problems in the state's Department of Children and Families, child welfare
experts said.

"Unfortunately, it is the children that pay the price for mismanagement," said
Karen Gievers, a child advocate and lawyer in Tallahassee who has sued the
department on behalf of foster children. "We need to see a relaxing of
confidential statutes that are supposed to protect the confidentiality of the
child but are instead used by the department to cover up its nonperformance."

Tim Bottcher, a spokesman for the state agency said, "We know we have folks who
don't think we do a good job, and that's their opinion, but we are not
necessarily going to respond every time someone says something."

Kathleen Kearney, secretary of the agency, is not granting interviews, Mr.
Bottcher said. In a news conference on Wednesday, she would not answer questions
but read a statement in which she took responsibility for Rilya's disappearance.

She also accused a caseworker, Deborah Muskelly, of filing false reports of
monthly visits with the girl and a supervisor, Willie Harris, of failing to
review the case file.

Ms. Muskelly and Mr. Harris resigned under pressure last month for what the
agency said was mishandling of another case. The agency would not provide
details of that case, and the two workers could not be reached for comment.

Rilya was supposed to be in state custody, but the agency and her grandmother
lost track of the girl for 15 months. They realized she was missing only last
week, when a caseworker tried to check on the girl and did not find her at the
grandmother's house. The grandmother and state agency each thought the other had
custody of Rilya.

Today, the Miami-Dade police sent investigators to East Cleveland, Ohio, to
obtain a DNA sample of Rilya from her mother to compare with that of a dead girl
in Kansas City, Mo. Comparisons of palm prints on Wednesday did not match, but
the authorities said today that Rilya's prints were not reliable and that they
were still working on the assumption that the dead girl was probably her.

"We do have some additional leads that are promising," said Capt. Randy Hopkins
of the Kansas City Police Department's homicide unit. He said the odds were
"more than 50/50" that the body was Rilya's.

As the investigations continue, people familiar with Florida's child welfare
system said they hoped the notoriety of the case would help bring about change.

"This is one of those rare occasions where the media found out about it, but
what about the rest?" said Mr. Talenfeld, the lawyer and child advocate.

Richard Wexler, executive director of the National Coalition for Child
Protection Reform, said the Florida agency was overburdened in part because of
an effort during Ms. Kearney's tenure to be more aggressive in removing children
from troubled homes.

"Her philosophy is take the kid and run," said Mr. Wexler, who added that the
agency should be overhauled and Ms. Kearney should resign.

Supporters of the department of children and families say too much blame has
been placed on an agency that protects most of the nearly 32,000 children in its
care.

"In fairness, this is sort of an overwhelming job states undertake, whether in
Florida or elsewhere," said Speaker Tom Feeney of the Florida House. "Taking
children into custody and being responsible for their health, safety and welfare
is not easy," he said.

Mr. Feeney, a Republican, has called for passage of a law making it a felony for
anyone to falsify reports related to child welfare cases.

State records show that for months before Rilya's disappearance, the department
had come under criticism and scrutiny for its handling of child welfare cases.
The Child Abuse Death Review Committee, set up by the state Legislature, found
that of the deaths of 60 neglected or abused children between 1999 and 2000,
there were "deficiencies in investigations" of complaints in 27 of the cases.

The group also said that in 10 cases the state did not provide adequate
oversight.

According to a report by the department's inspector general last August, the
agency dismissed a private company that had been helping with a backlog of child
abuse investigations after determining that the company had failed to adequately
examine some cases and had closed others without taking action.

The company, the Florida Task Force for the Protection of Abused and Neglected
Children, could not be reached for comment today.

"If you look at their backlogs, that obviously raises flags," said
Representative Sandra Murman, head of a legislative committee named to oversee
the Department of Children and Families.

"When you have an agency that is such a safety net for vulnerable children and
adults," she said, "there has to be a system in place that will make sure that
nobody slips through the cracks."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kathleen Kearney, secretary of the Florida Department of
Children and Families, and her deputy, Bob Cohen, head an agency under fire.
(Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 18, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Probe Begun Over Halabi Investigator's Documents

BYLINE: John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A21

LENGTH: 554 words


A military investigator who worked on the case of Air Force Senior Airman Ahmad
I. Halabi, the Guantanamo Bay prison linguist charged with mishandling
classified documents, is himself under investigation for allegedly having
classified materials at his home, according to a government document.

Last week, Air Force lawyers prosecuting Halabi asked the judge to exclude from
the case any mention of the probe of Special Agent Marc Palmosina of the Air
Force Office of Special Investigations. Palmosina's alleged misconduct is
similar to some of the charges against Halabi.

The documents on compact discs at Palmosina's home did not concern the Halabi
case, but instead focused on cargo transport operations, an area to which the
agent had been assigned before he was sent to Guantanamo Bay, where the United
States is holding more than 600 alleged al Qaeda and Taliban operatives, the
government document said.

Palmosina, who has been removed from work on the Halabi case, could not be
reached for comment, and the Air Force declined to confirm whether he is being
investigated or to provide the name of his attorney.

The Syrian-born Halabi, 25, who has been in detention at a California military
base since last summer, is accused of illegally possessing letters from
Guantanamo Bay detainees and other documents about the jail. He is also accused
of espionage involving an alleged plan, apparently never carried out, to pass
information to someone in Syria. Halabi's lawyers have said he was in touch with
the Syrian embassy to secure a visa to travel there for his wedding.

Three other members of the military at Guantanamo Bay face breach of security
allegations. Army Capt. James Yee, the former Muslim chaplain there, is charged
with mishandling classified material from the prison, adultery with a female
officer there and downloading pornographic material onto his laptop computer.
Army Reserve Col. Jack Farr, who served in the Guantanamo Bay unit that
interrogates detainees, was charged in November with mishandling classified
material and lying to investigators after he was found with classified papers in
his bags.

And Ahmed F. Mehalba, a Muslim linguist who worked as a prison contractor, faces
charges in a federal court of lying to investigators and mishandling classified
data after secret files about the prison were allegedly found on his computer
when he landed at Boston's Logan International Airport on a flight from Egypt.

Military officials began looking at Palmosina last fall, during his one-month
stint at Guantanamo Bay working on the Halabi case, the document said. Last
Friday, prosecutors in the Halabi case filed the document, which asks the judge
to remove from Halabi's upcoming court-martial any mention of the Palmosina
investigation.

Halabi's lawyer, Donald Rehkopf, said he has not  "had an opportunity to
officially respond to the prosecution's motion."

Gregory Travalio, a colonel in the Army Reserve judge advocate general's corps
and a law professor at Ohio State University's law school, said violations of
rules on classified material are common, and "there's a fair amount of
prosecutorial discretion in handling them." Though he said he  is not familiar
with the Palmosina case, he said it appears "there's an irony" in his being
investigated for this kind of misconduct.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

The year of lawyers in trouble in Missouri

BYLINE: Jennifer Mann

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 757  words


The Jeffrey Witt case is only the latest in a long line of lawyers and judges
who were in the news for misdeeds and alleged crimes this year. Here are a
baker's dozen memorable ones:

Freeman Bosley Jr. St. Louis' first African-American mayor faces allegations of
mishandling client monies, including paying operating and personal expenses from
a client trust account.

Frank Conard The St. Peters attorney received one year's probation for
mishandling a conflict of interest and a fee agreement in which the client was
not informed of fees Conard was charging.

H. Kent Desselle After pleading guilty in April to bank fraud, the Raytown
attorney was sentenced to three years in federal prison. The fraud is linked to
the Sam and Lindsey Porter Memorial Fund, set up in remembrance of Sam and
Lindsey Porter, whose father murdered them.

Judge R. Brent Elliott Elliott, of the 43rd Judicial Circuit in northern
Missouri, faced a misconduct complaint over removing and destroying documents
from at least two court files, including letters in a case file written by the
attorney who filed the complaint. In July, the state's Commission on Retirement,
Removal and Discipline said it found "no probable cause to proceed. "

Stephen B. Evans The St. Louis attorney was sentenced in July to 15 months in
prison for mail and wire fraud, after pilfering more than $150,000 in client
funds for his own use. At his sentencing, Dale Kronk, who lost $40,000 in the
scheme, described attorneys as "crooks with a briefcase. "

Warren J. Gladders The Wentzville attorney, whose license has been inactive
since last year, was indicted in November on federal charges for three bank
robberies and shooting a Missouri state trooper, who was wearing a bulletproof
vest and survived. He also faces state charges in at least one of the bank
robberies.

Lisa D. Krempasky In June, the former St. Louis attorney surrendered her law
license for three years on order from the Missouri Secretary of State's office
after it was revealed she was at the center of a scandal involving dicey real
estate deals, as well as marketing and selling unregistered securities.

Judge Barbara Peebles Peebles, an associate circuit judge in St. Louis, was
accused of allowing a court clerk to preside over her court while she was away.
The incident came to light when the clerk allegedly refused a public defender's
request to dismiss a case. The public defender then wrote of the incident on a
preprinted motion form, which Peebles threw away and replaced with another form.
In March, the Missouri Supreme Court imposed a six-month unpaid suspension.

Michael C. Stoffregen The Ozarks attorney pleaded guilty in May to failing to
pay payroll taxes for his Springfield law firm and failing to file individual
tax returns. Stoffregen collected, but did not pay, more than $12,251 in
employment taxes, and he didn't file federal individual tax returns for 2008
through 2011, a period in which his firm had gross profits of $802,720.

Susan "Liz" Van Note The Lee's Summit attorney, who is accused in the 2010 death
of her father, was charged in September in Camden County with the death of her
father's girlfriend. Van Note's father and his girlfriend were shot and stabbed
at their vacation home in 2010. The girlfriend died at the scene, and the father
was taken to a hospital in critical condition. He was taken off life support and
died after Van Note produced a durable power of attorney document, a document
that prosecutors later alleged she had forged.

Ryan Walsh The former Bryan Cave attorney was charged in July with threatening
to kill a Bryan Cave colleague. His message, revealed in an FBI affidavit,
speaks for itself: "I show up to murder pieces of s--t like you. ... Let's
record this as a threat and turn it over to the Office of Chief Disciplinary
Counsel. This is like an arbitration or something. But, more importantly, I'm
going to kill you. "

Dan Whitworth In October, the Missouri Supreme Court temporarily suspended the
law license of the Joplin attorney after an ongoing investigation found he
forged endorsements on checks and stole client funds. It was at least the fifth
time he'd been admonished by the court.

Howard A. Wittner The former Chesterfield attorney was sentenced in November in
federal court in St. Louis to three years in prison for his part in a $435
million Ponzi scheme involving prepaid funerals. Wittner lost his law license in
October.

Information comes from Missouri Lawyers Weekly reporting unless otherwise noted.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 11, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Surge in Cell Phone Calls Strains 911 System, Report Says

BYLINE: Manuel Roig-Franzia, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 515 words


Dramatic increases in the number of 911 calls from cellular phones are creating
a host of problems that threaten to undermine the effectiveness of the emergency
call system, according to a first-of-its-kind nationwide report that will be
presented today to a U.S. Senate subcommittee.

The report, by the nonprofit National Emergency Number Association, generally
gives high marks to 911 systems, but cautions that billions of dollars may have
to be spent to upgrade systems to keep pace with rapid technology changes.

The report comes at a time when the 911 system is under renewed scrutiny locally
following the firing of two Anne Arundel County workers accused of mishandling a
call about the carjacking of Glen Burnie pharmacist Yvette Beakes, who was found
dead Aug. 12 in Baltimore.

Anne Arundel police officials blamed the mishandling on human errors, but union
representatives have said a 12-year-old computer system and staffing shortages
that have forced employees to work long hours are responsible.

"The people are exhausted, and they're stressed," said Merrell Hawkins, a former
Arundel 911 worker.

Staffing shortages like those in Anne Arundel, which has nine openings in its
70-person 911 unit, are commonplace at 911 centers across the country, which
have experienced a "staffing crisis" in recent years, according to Mark Adams,
executive director of the National Emergency Number Association.

But Adams said that in recent months, 911 centers have begun to have an easier
time finding workers, primarily because a slowdown in the national economy has
reduced the number of jobs in higher-paying fields.

"We're seeing the trend changing," Adams said.

No such improvements are expected anytime soon in the handling of wireless
calls. The report says that wireless calls represented about 25 percent of the
190 million 911 calls placed in 1999. By now, that percentage may have increased
to 40 percent, according to association officials.

Cell phone calls can be vexing for 911 operators because there is no way of
tracking where they were placed, unlike wire-based calls, which 911 centers are
equipped to trace. As a result, operators waste precious seconds asking wireless
callers for location information, a process complicated by the fact that many
callers are on unfamiliar roads and can't give precise directions.

It may be four years or more before methods of tracking wireless calls, such as
equipping cellular towers with triangulation devices or developing cell phones
with positioning sensors, are widely available, the report said.

In the meantime, public confidence in the emergency call system is high, and
more than 97 percent of the U.S. population lives in areas where 911 service is
available, the report said. Gaps in the system -- 231 counties do not have basic
911 service -- are primarily in poor, rural areas, the report said. All of
Maryland and the District have 911 service. In Virginia, there is no basic
service in nine counties, the report said: Alleghany, Appomattox, Bland,
Buchanan, Dickenson, Lee, Madison, Middlesex and Scott.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Air force chiefs face firing after inquiry;
Gates reacts to nuclear arms incidents

BYLINE: Thom Shanker - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Air Force's senior civilian officer and its highest-ranking general
were expected to be asked to resign following an inquiry into the mishandling of
nuclear weapons parts and a series of other embarrassments, Pentagon officials
said Thursday.

The air force secretary, Michael Wynne, and the service's chief of staff,
General Michael Moseley, had come under pressure after an official inquiry to
determine how four high-tech electrical fuses for Minuteman nuclear warheads
were sent to Taiwan in place of helicopter batteries. The mistake was discovered
in March - a year and a half after the erroneous shipment.

Defense Secretary Robert Gates has made accountability a theme of his
administration, and likewise had moved to quickly fire senior army officials,
both civilian and military, after disclosures of shoddy conditions at Walter
Reed Army Medical Center, the service's leading medical facility for wounded
soldiers.

Pentagon officials said General Moseley met early Thursday with Admiral Mike
Mullen, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, and that Wynne was to meet with
Gates's deputy secretary, Gordon England, on Thursday as well.

The mishandling of the fuses was viewed as another indication of lack of
discipline within America's nuclear infrastructure, and was another
embarrassment for the people in charge of those weapons.

Last year, the air force disclosed that it unwittingly let a B-52 bomber
carrying six nuclear cruise missiles fly from North Dakota to Louisiana in
August.

Those errors in handling nuclear weapons components were more than just an
indication that the cold war-era focus on these powerful weapons had gotten
fuzzy. It put the Bush administration in a difficult position, as the U.S.
government is struggling to prevent the technology for nuclear weapons from
spreading to nations that do not already have them and has criticized North
Korea and Iran for their nuclear ambitions, and even criticized Russia for not
sufficiently safeguarding its stockpile.

After the Minuteman nosecone incident was discovered, Gates told the air force
and navy secretaries ''to conduct a comprehensive review of all policies,
procedures, as well as a physical site inventory of all nuclear and
nuclear-associated material equipment across their respective programs.''
Admiral Kirkland Donald, the director of Navy Nuclear Propulsion, the head of
the investigation, gave his report to Gates last week.

The previous embarrassment over the mishandling of items from the U.S. nuclear
arsenal came last year, when armed missiles were mistakenly loaded on a B-52
bomber and flown over the central part of the United States.

The B-52 flew from Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota to Barksdale Air Force
Base in Louisiana with six nuclear-tipped cruise missiles. A total of 36 hours
passed before the missiles were properly secured, officials have said.

The incident only added to a sense of frustration Gates has felt toward some air
force actions regarding weapons procurement, budgets and execution of the
mission in Iraq and Afghanistan, according to his aides.

Gates said he had been struggling for months to bring more surveillance aircraft
to the war zones of Iraq and Afghanistan, said that he could not focus attention
on how increasing the number of these aircraft would mean that ''lives are going
to be saved.'' The air force has more than doubled the number of armed Predator
and Reaper hunter-killer aircraft over Iraq and Afghanistan since last early
last year, but aides to Gates said he was still unsatisfied, and he appointed a
task force to accelerate surveillance vehicles into the combat zone.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 24, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A Section; A11

LENGTH: 625 words


LOS ANGELES -- California air regulators took up on Thursday the world's most
ambitious rules for reducing car emissions that contribute to global warming --
an effort that could have a sweeping effect on how the country fights vehicle
pollution.

The regulations are fiercely opposed by the auto industry, which contends that
the rules could lead to substantial increases in car prices. The industry has
threatened to challenge the regulations in court if they are adopted.

The regulations could have a major impact in two ways: California accounts for
10 percent of the national auto market, and several states follow California's
lead when it comes to adopting their own clean-air standards.

The regulations would cut vehicle emissions by as much as 25 percent and call
for California to require technological changes in vehicles starting in 2009.

The innovations would include better air conditioners, more efficient
transmissions and smaller engines. Regulators estimate that the measures would
cut exhaust emissions by 25 percent in cars and light trucks and by 18 percent
in larger trucks and SUVs.

TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. -- A Muslim interpreter convicted of mishandling
classified documents from the terrorist detention center at Guantanamo Bay,
Cuba, was given a bad-conduct discharge but will not have to spend more time
behind bars.

A military judge, Air Force Col. Barbara Brand, announced the sentence after a
hearing in which Senior Airman Ahmad Halabi, 25, made an impassioned plea for
leniency.

Halabi told the judge that keeping the documents was a mistake and that he will
never do anything to hurt the Air Force or the United States.

The former supply clerk pleaded guilty on Wednesday to wrongfully taking
pictures, lying about it and mishandling classified information.

In exchange for Halabi's plea, the military dropped espionage charges.

The case was the third against an accused spy at the U.S. Navy base in
Guantanamo Bay to fall apart this year.

*  HOMESTEAD, Fla. --  A pre-dawn fire burned a home in which the windows were
covered with plywood storm shutters, turning the house into a "convection oven"
and killing four children and an adult, officials said. Four victims -- Johnny
Taylor, 15, Jonathon Taylor, 14, Ashley Taylor, 13, and their stepfather, Keenon
Shannon, 26 -- died in the home. A fourth child, 12-year-old Sharania Taylor,
died at a hospital.

*  HARTFORD, Conn. -- A top aide to former governor John G. Rowland (R) was
indicted along with the state's largest construction contractor on charges that
they participated in a corrupt criminal organization run out of the governor's
office. The 15-count indictment accuses former co-chief of staff Peter N. Ellef
and contractor William Tomasso of conspiring to steer state contracts.

*  JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Three students at Jacksonville University have been
punished for installing a stripper pole in an on-campus apartment and taking
pictures as clothed female students performed on it at a party. A female student
who won a dance contest was also disciplined. Citing privacy rules, school
officials would not identify the students or specify the punishment they
received, but they said: "The university took this seriously, and the punishment
was appropriate." Punishments can range from a reprimand to dismissal.

*  SALT LAKE CITY -- Mark Hacking, the Utah man accused of killing his wife,
Lori, while she slept and of dumping her body in the trash, waived a preliminary
hearing, clearing the way for his murder trial. Authorities here believe Lori
Hacking was killed in July after she learned that her husband was not enrolled
in a medical school in North Carolina, even though they were packing to move
there.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 22, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

FBI's Ratings Suffer in Light Of Blunders;
Handling of McVeigh Case Worries Majority, Poll Finds

BYLINE: Cheryl W. Thompson and Claudia Deane, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 414 words


An overwhelming number of Americans remain confident in the FBI's ability to do
its job, but the agency's ratings have suffered in the wake of a string of
embarrassing mistakes, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News Poll.

A narrow majority of the public -- 52 percent -- also believes the mishandling
of evidence in the Oklahoma City bombing case is a sign of deeper problems at
the FBI, the poll shows.

More than 80 percent of respondents said they were at least somewhat confident
in the FBI's ability to do its job, despite the agency's failure to turn over
more than 3,100 pages of evidence to Timothy McVeigh's lawyers before McVeigh's
1997 trial for the bombing, which killed 168 people.

But just 53 percent of those polled have a favorable impression of the bureau,
while 35 percent have an unfavorable opinion. Six years ago, in the immediate
aftermath of the Oklahoma City bombing, a Post-ABC poll found 82 percent of the
public held a positive view of the FBI.

The material surfaced two weeks ago, six days before McVeigh was scheduled to
die by injection for the worst act of terrorism on U.S. soil. The disclosure of
the additional documents prompted Attorney General John D. Ashcroft to delay the
execution from May 16 until June 11.

FBI Director Louis J. Freeh told a House committee last week that at least 16
written requests for materials were made over the last six years. Forty-six of
the 56 offices didn't fully comply.

The FBI has been criticized for mishandling several high-profile cases,
including the 1993 raid on the Branch Davidian compound near Waco, Tex., in
which 75 people died; the discovery of an FBI wiretap tape nearly 40 years after
the 1963 Birmingham church bombing that killed four girls, and the troubled
investigation of Los Alamos Nuclear Laboratory scientist Wen Ho Lee.

Freeh said the mistake in the McVeigh case was unintentional and contended that
the information would have no impact on McVeigh's guilt or innocence. But 32
percent of those polled believe the agency deliberately failed to deliver the
documents; 54 percent said it was an accident.

The bureau's blunder is not serious enough to throw out McVeigh's conviction and
give him a new trial, according to 72 percent of those surveyed. Two-thirds also
oppose giving McVeigh a new sentencing hearing.

The poll surveyed 1,027 randomly selected adults between May 16 and May 20. The
margin of sampling error for the overall results is plus or minus 3 percentage
points.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             April 24, 2015 Friday

Ex-general, CIA chief Petraeus gets probation

LENGTH: 749  words


Former US military commander and CIA director David Petraeus was sentenced to
two years of probation and ordered to pay a$100,000 fine after pleading guilty
to mishandling classified information.

Former CIA director David Petraeus arrives at the Federal Courthouse in
Charlotte, North Carolina on April 23, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Former US military commander and CIA director David Petraeus
was sentenced to two years of probation and ordered to pay a $100,000 fine but
was spared prison time on Thursday after pleading guilty to mishandling
classified information.

The retired four-star general apologized as he admitted in federal court in
Charlotte, North Carolina, to giving the information to his mistress, who was
writing his biography. He agreed under a plea deal to a misdemeanor charge of
unauthorized removal and retention of classified material.

US Magistrate Judge David Keesler raised the fine from the $40,000 that had been
recommended to the maximum possible financial penalty for that charge, noting it
needed to be higher to be punitive and reflect the gravity of the offense.

"This constitutes a serious lapse of judgment," Keesler said during the
hour-long hearing.

The guilty plea ended an embarrassing chapter for a man described in letters to
the court as one of the finest military leaders of his generation. Petraeus, 62,
a counter-insurgency expert with a Princeton University doctorate, served stints
as the top US commander in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and was once
considered a possible vice presidential or presidential candidate.

He resigned from the CIA in 2012 after it was revealed that he was having an
affair with the biographer, Army Reserve officer Paula Broadwell.

Dressed in a dark suit and blue tie, he showed no emotion as he read from a
prepared statement in court.

"Today marks the end of a two-and-a-half year ordeal that resulted from mistakes
that I made," he told reporters after the sentencing. "As I did in the past, I
apologize to those closest to me and many others."

Petraeus was accompanied at the hearing by three attorneys, but it did not
appear that his family members attended, nor did Broadwell, who lives in
Charlotte.

Keesler said the heads of state, senators and high-ranking US military officials
who wrote letters submitted by defense attorneys in support of Petraeus agreed
he had "committed a grave but very uncharacteristic error in judgment."

The judge said the retired Army general's actions stood in stark contrast to his
nearly four decades of public service.

Petraeus now serves as chairman for the private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts' captive economic and geopolitical think tank, the KKR Global Institute.
The White House also has continued to consult him on occasion for advice on
national security matters.

Civil liberties and government transparency advocates had questioned the plea
deal, saying the government's lenient treatment of Petraeus suggested
prosecutors maintain double standards. Defendants in other leak cases have
received harsher punishments, including prison.

"A slap on the wrist is the most one could say about what can barely be called a
sentence for what could have been treated as serious crimes including
espionage," said Michael Ratner, a US lawyer who represents WikiLeaks founder
Julian Assange.

But Petraeus' attorney, David Kendall, said in court it would have been
unprecedented to incarcerate him for the charge he faced, which carries a
maximum prison term of one year.

"This is not a case about the dissemination to the public of classified
information," Kendall said. "No classified information appeared in the
biography. Not a single syllable."

A court document signed by Petraeus and prosecutors says that in 2011, just
before he became the CIA director, the general illegally gave Broadwell access
to official binders.

Known as "black books," the binders contained classified information including
identities of covert officers, code word information, war strategy, intelligence
capabilities, diplomatic talks and information from high-level White House
National Security Council meetings, according to court records.

Petraeus also was accused of improperly storing classified materials at his
Virginia residence and falsely telling the FBI in October 2012 that he had not
shared any classified information with Broadwell.

US prosecutor James Melendres noted that Petraeus had been entrusted with the
government's highest secrets.

"The defendant betrayed that trust," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

US colleges act to deal with issue of sex assault;
Top schools making it a priority but students say more needs to be done

BYLINE: Melissa Sim Us Correspondent In Washington

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 1009 words


A STUDENT at Occidental College in Los Angeles was found responsible for raping
a woman, but instead of being expelled or suspended, he was made to write a
five-page book report.

This is just one of many complaints that students, faculty and alumni have made
against American universities for mishandling sexual assault cases on campus.

With such scathing complaints filed and highlighted by the media, leading
universities across the country are making it a priority to address the issue of
sexual assault on campus - assessing the situation, changing policies and
educating their students to make their environments safer.

But while some are making progress, students and activists say more still needs
to be done.

Across the US, one in five women is sexually assaulted while in college, says a
report by the White House Task Force to Protect Students From Sexual Assault.

The issue got national attention after students from such top universities as
University of California, Berkeley as well as Yale and Dartmouth filed a wave of
formal complaints last year, alleging their schools failed to properly
adjudicate incidents of sexual assault.

They also said the schools did not obey the Clery Act, which requires
institutions to track and disclose crime statistics on campus.

As of last month, 85 colleges and universities were reported to be under review
by the US Department of Education for mishandling sexual misconduct cases. These
include prestigious schools such as the Johns Hopkins University; University of
California, Los Angeles; and Harvard.

If the universities are found to have violated federal laws, the Department of
Education can impose fines, help them revise policies or, in extreme cases,
withhold federal funding. Last year, Yale was fined US$155,000 (S$199,880) for
failing to disclose four sexual offences over two years, among other
crime-reporting violations.

This August, Yale's semi-annual report showed two male students were expelled
for sexually assaulting female undergraduates.

The wave of cases prompted President Barack Obama to set up a task force earlier
this year to investigate and fix the problem.

It has come up with a number of recommendations including calling on schools to
engage in prevention programmes, encouraging them to conduct surveys to identify
the problem and providing a checklist to schools for use when drafting sexual
misconduct policies.

Across the US, colleges are raising the number of staff trained to handle sexual
assault cases and removing barriers that may prevent individuals from seeking
help.

Johns Hopkins University has started a sexual assault hotline, while Columbia
has not one but two centres that sexual assault victims can turn to.

Most recently, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) made news for not
just conducting a detailed survey on sexual attitudes, but also publishing the
results - a rare move for a top institution usually more concerned about
preserving its good reputation.

The survey came after an MIT graduate, in January, published her story in the
school paper of how she was raped by a colleague whom she respected and trusted.

She said the rape occurred at his place, after dinner. She told him to stop many
times, told him she was a virgin and tried to push him off, but her pleas were
ignored.

The survey at MIT showed she is not alone; one in six female undergraduates and
one in 20 male undergraduates say they have been sexually assaulted there.

Mr Daniel Carter, director of the 32 National Campus Safety initiative, who
helped the US Department of Education develop guidelines to prevent sexual
assault, encourages other schools to do similar surveys.

"You need to fully understand the scope of the challenge before you can do
anything," he said.

MIT physics and mathematics student Quek Yihui, 21 said: "I hope such surveys
will lessen the stigma that victims have to face and encourage non-victims to
take a stand against sexual misconduct."

Universities have also committed to developing research projects that will help
inform their response to the problem.

For example, the Johns Hopkins University School of Nursing will study sexual
assault among students who are intimate partners, while the University of New
Hampshire will design and evaluate a training programme for incoming students on
sexual assault policies and expectations for student conduct.

One key way to stem the problem is to educate the campus community on the topic
of sexual violence, say educators and activists.

The University of Massachusetts, for example, created a campaign to promote
awareness by doing something as simple as hanging posters with messages like "Be
a Man, Show Me Respect" and "Don't Be A Passive Bystander" all over the campus.

Resident assistants - a peer leader living in a residence hall - have also been
given bystander training, which entails showing them how to intervene when a
situation does not look right, in order to prevent sexual assault.

Last year, Duke University made a serious change in its penalties for sexual
assault assailants. Instead of suspension, expulsion will be the first penalty
considered when a student is found responsible for sexual assault.

MIT chancellor Cynthia Barnhart wrote in a letter to the school that a task
force will "soon recommend additional changes to the disciplinary process".

Ms Lisa Maatz, American Association of University Women's vice-president of
government relations, who led lobbying efforts to address sexual violence in
schools, said meting out the appropriate punishment for students is vital.

She asked: "What does it say to the country when the last time it happened, the
punishment to the perpetrator was a book report'"

But more can and should be done, said activists and students.

MIT architecture student Laura Schmitz, 25, who is part of the student group
Safer2, which advocates education on respectful relationships, said she hopes
there will be "real consequences for confirmed rapists such as expulsion plus
some type of mandatory education sessions".

simlinoi@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Victim anger at choice of cardinals for abuse probe

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


TWO senior cardinals heading the Vatican investigation into the Irish Catholic
Church have come under fire from abuse victims over their mishandling of
paedophile clerics in their own countries.

Cardinal Murphy O'Connor, who is to investigate Cardinal Sean Brady in Armagh,
resisted public pressure to resign over his mishandling of a case involving a
notorious paedophile, Fr Michael Hill, when he was bishop of Arundel and
Brighton in England from 1977 to 2000.

Instead of informing the police of allegations against Hill, he moved the cleric
to the chaplaincy at Gatwick Airport, where he believed the priest would no
longer be a danger to children.

But in 1997, Hill was convicted of sex attacks against nine children. After
serving three years, he was then given another sentence of five years for
assaults on three more boys.

The then-Bishop Murphy O'Connor argued that at the time little was understood of
the compulsive nature of paedophilia.

He was cleared by an internal church review and set up the Nolan Commission,
which established a more rigorous child-protection system.

Yesterday, Dr Margaret Kennedy, of the London-based Minister and Clergy Sexual
Abuse Survivors, said: "Many in the UK survivor movement would wonder why a
bishop with a record of mishandling his own cases could independently look at
another bishop's handling of cases.

"Indeed, he may be the worst possible candidate as it might be judged he will be
unable to pronounce justice, since he himself was not called to account."

Dismay

Meanwhile, Pope Benedict's appointment of the Cardinal Archbishop of Boston,
Sean O'Malley, to investigate the archdiocese of Dublin was met with "dismay" by
American groups.

Terence McKiernan and Anne Barrett Doyle, representing BishopAccountability.org,
claimed that Cardinal O'Malley had reinstated at least three accused priests
about whom "troubling questions persist".

They said: "In the diocese of Fall River MA, the district attorney in 2002 was
so disturbed at O'Malley's failure to inform the public of sexual offenders that
the DA himself went public with a list of names of accused priests."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Ruben Rosario: Readers add voices to John Nienstedt fray

BYLINE: By Ruben Rosario rrosario@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: RAMSEY COUNTY; Washington County; Ruben Rosario; News

LENGTH: 776 words


Last week I wrote a piece calling for Archbishop John Nienstedt to step down or
be removed from his position. I will not repeat here the arguments I made. You
can look up the column , which coincidentally was posted online the same day a
blogger for the National Catholic Reporter also called for his resignation and a
New York Times editorial urged Pope Francis to reconsider Nienstedt's fitness to
serve. But essentially, the mishandling of recent clergy abuse cases in the Twin
Cities archdiocese warrants his resignation.

My reasons have nothing to do with previous allegations that he inappropriately
touched a minor during a confirmation ceremony. My gut told me that was bogus,
and cops later determined there was insufficient evidence to warrant charges.

There's an internal church probe now into allegations that Nienstedt had
inappropriate relationships with seminarians and others dating from the time he
worked in Detroit. That also has little to do with my feelings since the
investigation continues. Others within the church wanted him out after his
somewhat obsessive and much-politicized crusade two years ago to support a state
constitutional ban on same-sex marriage.

Using donated money, he signed off on an expensive campaign in 2010 to mail a
DVD explaining his and the church's views on homosexuality and same-sex
marriage. The DVD was sent to 400,000 Catholic households in the state. I got
one. I saw it. I don't know where that DVD is now, but I think I tossed it. I
thought Nienstedt and others of like mind in the church crossed the
separation-of-church-and-state line into politicking from the pulpit.

But that wasn't it either, though I predicted the crusade would backfire, as it
did. The main reason is that the mishandlings put children and adults at risk,
violated a 2002 churchwide policy on reporting abuse to authorities, and
eventually led to the molestations of two St. Paul boys, reportedly one of whom
went on to abuse a sister, by a parish priest already known for his sexual
proclivities.

Nienstedt has many supporters. They believe he brought back a much-needed
conservatism and fire-and-brimstone approach. Many think he and the Archdiocese
of St. Paul and Minneapolis are victims of a news media witch hunt greatly aided
by the wave of lawsuits filed recently and through the years on behalf of
child-abuse victims by St. Paul attorney Jeffrey Anderson.

Not surprisingly, I got quite a few responses to last week's column. Most sided
with me, but there were also strenuous disagreements. The following are but a
handful of emails I received:

"You are ignorant and (Jennifer) Haselberger (former chancellor for canonical
affairs who revealed the mishandlings after she resigned in 2013) hates the
church for some reason," wrote one reader. "There are a lot of people who want
the Archbishop to 'go' because of his conservatism, particularly his support for
traditional marriage. Don't be another hater."

"It is you and people like you who should resign from the Church," fumed one
letter writer from Woodbury. "I feel sick every time you and one of your ilk
refer to themselves as 'Catholics.' I feel sullied and fouled by associating
yourselves with my most basic beliefs."

A frequent letter writer to me and the Pioneer Press snapped: "I wonder if you
would also have been on the top of the list asking Peter to resign as head of
the church? I am also sure that your choice to replace our Archbishop would be
infinitely better than Christ's."

To be fair, I replied and thanked him for being someone I could always count on
to make "asinine" remarks. I meant that in a Christian way. Maybe I'll get a few
extra Hail Marys as contrition at the next confession.

"I have been a member of the Cathedral of St Paul for 13 years," wrote another
reader. "All of this breaks my heart but I agree with you. It is time to really
clean house. I get sick to my stomach every time I turn on the news and hear how
my church has deceived us."

"As someone brought up a Catholic, and educated in the Catholic system, I am
disgusted that Nienstedt continues in office," a reader said in another email.
"Certainly, under the Bishops' protocol, this is an individual who should have
been suspended months ago. Until the public assumes responsibility for speaking
of compromised leaders, as you do, we suffer."

"I agree with your view that the CEO of any organization in which such
malfeasance was discovered would be compelled to resign," a reader wrote. "A
clean sweep is needed, replacing all the decision makers with fresh faces."

Ruben Rosario can be reached at 651 228-5454 or rrosario@ pioneerpress.com .
Follow him at twitter.com/nycrican .

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Archbishop John C. Nienstedt talks about the Archdiocese of St. Paul
and Minneapolis consolidation plan, which includes closing 21 churches, at his
office in St. Paul, Minn., Monday, Oct. 18, 2010. (AP Photo/Craig Lassig)
Archbishop John C. Nienstedt, photographed in 2010. (AP Photo/Craig Lassig)
Rubén Rosario (Pioneer Press: Ben Garvin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 1, 2012 Tuesday

IMPD deputy chief cleared in Bisard evidence mix-up, back on the job

BYLINE: Russ McQuaid, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


May 01--Deputy Chief Val Cunningham has returned to work at the Indianapolis
Metropolitan Police Department after being cleared of wrongdoing in the
mishandling of a vial of blood in the David Bisard case.

Cunningham, as the head of professional standards, was placed on administrative
leave April 17, and Police Chief Paul Ciesielski resigned, after it was
discovered that the IMPD property room, some six months earlier, stored Officer
Bisard's blood in an unrefrigerated property room annex at the IMPD Academy. A
police lieutenant supervisor and a civilian supervisor were also placed on
leave.

Marion County Prosecutor Terry Curry has said the mishandling of the blood vial
may render the evidence as unusable in the trial of Bisard, who is accused of
driving his patrol car under the influence of alcohol when he ran down three
motorcyclists and killed one in August of 2010.

When the mix-up was revealed, Mayor Greg Ballard announced the FBI would
investigate the handling of the blood vial.

Cunningham was cleared to return to duty April 23. She had taken vacation time
since that date.

She returns as the Deputy Chief of Administration. Major Harold Turner takes
over responsibilities for the division of professional standards.

Oversight of the IMPD property room was removed from Cunningham's Professional
Standards division in January, two months after the blood vial was transferred.

Operations of the property room are now being reviewed.

Cunningham had previously come under fire for her operations of the division and
the Special Investigations Unit which reported to the office of Public Safety
Director Frank Straub.

A consultant's study found that less than a year after it was formed, the unit
had botched an internal investigation and had poor evidence and interview
control practices.

It was that unit, sources tell Fox 59 News, that was tasked with investigating
Straub's claims of widespread pervasive police corruption that spanned back "50
years."

Last week, Straub promised the city's administration he was on the verge of
announcing a large corruption case.

Sources indicate that Straub was accumulating a list of misbehaving officers
over many years.

In power struggle over the release of that list and Straub's insistence of
hands-on control of the police department, the director offered his resignation
and the mayor accepted it last Friday.

On Fox 59 Morning News, Mayor Ballard was asked about the reasons for Straub's
resignation.

"You'll have to ask him that, frankly, how he felt about it internally is
certainly all about him," Ballard told Fox 59's Ray Cortopassi. "He did move the
department and public safety forward.

"Don't make too much of the way things are playing out."

Mayor Ballard said Straub may stay on until August 1 and play a role in the
search for his successor.

"Frank is obviously going to be a piece of that puzzle," said Ballard. "We'll
talk to other people as we go forward."

City-County councilors have expressed an interest in a bi-partisan search
committee that would seek input from others in the community and outside of the
law enforcement family.

Councilors have also considered whether this is the time to re-examine the
office of the Public Safety Director which has grown staff, responsibility and
budget-wise since Straub's arrival in January of 2010.

"I don't know if it's large," said the mayor. "He just organized it
appropriately into homeland security, EMS, and police and fire agencies and
animal care and control. It's kind of like how it should have been.

"We kind of redefined it the position into a position of strength in the city
and I want that to continue."

___ (c)2012 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120501-5IN-IMPD-deputy-chief-cleared-in-Bisard-evidence-mix-up-back-on-the-job
-0501-20120501

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2012 WXIN-TV


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              May 6, 2006 Saturday

Asbestos transcript to be unsealed;
Courthouse case file will shed light on evidence

BYLINE: VIRGINIA HENNESSEY, Herald Salinas Bureau

SECTION: Z_VANEWS

LENGTH: 735 words


A grand jury transcript detailing evidence against two contractors accused of
mishandling asbestos at the Salinas Courthouse must be unsealed, a Superior
Court judge ruled late Friday afternoon.

Visiting Judge Barry Hammer said defense attorneys failed to show a "reasonable
likelihood" that release of the transcript would affect the defendants' right to
a fair trial.

Quoting from an editorial and an article in The Herald, Hammer rejected the
defense's argument that press coverage in the case had been inflammatory.
Rather, he said, coverage had been "fairly even-handed" and "somewhat more
balanced than I might sometimes expect."

The transcript itself, as well as motions that the defense previously filed
under seal, will not be available until Monday morning. Valerie Ralph, a
supervising clerk in the Superior Court, said the file first had to be returned
from the Marina Courthouse, where Friday's hearing took place, to the Salinas
Courthouse for release through the clerk's office.

The transcript will shed light into the evidence against Skanska USA Building
Inc., Nova Partners Inc. and their project managers, Anthony Jones and Seth
Henderson, who are overseeing remodeling of the north wing of the courthouse.
The state Attorney General's Office has accused the defendants of mishandling
asbestos abatement against the advice of their own consultants.

According to state prosecutors, construction workers cut and jackhammered
directly over asbestos fireproofing, causing asbestos to fall into the space
between the ceiling of the first floor and the floor of the second. The space
also contains the air intake for the building's ventilation system.

Each defendant is charged with eight felonies and five misdemeanors in
connection with events on Feb. 9, 2005, and March 31, 2005. Among the charges,
prosecutors allege they knowingly or recklessly handled asbestos "in a manner
which caused unreasonable risk of serious injury or death."

The companies potentially face millions of dollars in fines; Henderson and Jones
face possible prison terms. All have pleaded not guilty.

Henderson's attorney Ed Swanson said he and other defense attorneys plan to
challenge the indictment. He said state prosecutors presented the grand jury
with inadmissible evidence and withheld from it exculpatory evidence, which
would tend to show the defendants' innocence.

If the transcript were released and the challenge to the indictment were
successful, Swanson said, prosecutors could seat a new grand jury that would be
tainted by "emotional" press coverage.

Hammer rejected the argument, saying grand jury proceedings, by their very
nature, are one-sided, since the defendants are not present and the witnesses
are not cross-examined by defense attorneys.

Arguing for release of the records, Deputy Attorney General Janill Richards said
courts have taken the "extraordinary action" of sealing grand jury transcripts
only in cases where the nature of the charges or the testimony was
"inflammatory," such as in the Michael Jackson child molestation case.

Because of the allegation that the defendants willfully disregarded the lives of
thousands of people in the courthouse, Skanska attorney Elliot Peters said, the
"incendiary" and "trumped up" charges were more serious than those in the
Jackson case.

Hammer disagreed and said release of the previously sealed defense motions would
provide the public with some of the exculpatory evidence the defense wanted the
grand jury to hear.

Among that evidence, he said, is a letter from the Monterey County Board of
Supervisors asking the Attorney General's Office not to pursue charges against
the companies.

To accommodate the schedules of the six attorneys in the case, Hammer set a Jan.
8 trial date but warned it would not be continued.

Elevated asbestos levels have closed the Salinas Courthouse on numerous
occasions since construction began in 2004. Concerned subcontractors walked off
the job in March and work on the project to add four courtrooms has come to a
stop in recent weeks.

Asbestos consultant Don Diel said an area above the inmates' basement holding
cells, where elevated asbestos levels were previously detected, would be cleaned
this weekend. Work on the project would not resume, he said, until the county
decided whether it wants to temporarily move operations out of the courthouse.

.com.

Virginia Hennessey can be reached at 753-6751 or vhennessey@montereyherald

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              May 6, 2006 Saturday

Asbestos transcript to be unsealed;
Courthouse case file will shed light on evidence

BYLINE: VIRGINIA HENNESSEY, Herald Salinas Bureau

SECTION: Z_TOP_STORY

LENGTH: 735 words


A grand jury transcript detailing evidence against two contractors accused of
mishandling asbestos at the Salinas Courthouse must be unsealed, a Superior
Court judge ruled late Friday afternoon.

Visiting Judge Barry Hammer said defense attorneys failed to show a "reasonable
likelihood" that release of the transcript would affect the defendants' right to
a fair trial.

Quoting from an editorial and an article in The Herald, Hammer rejected the
defense's argument that press coverage in the case had been inflammatory.
Rather, he said, coverage had been "fairly even-handed" and "somewhat more
balanced than I might sometimes expect."

The transcript itself, as well as motions that the defense previously filed
under seal, will not be available until Monday morning. Valerie Ralph, a
supervising clerk in the Superior Court, said the file first had to be returned
from the Marina Courthouse, where Friday's hearing took place, to the Salinas
Courthouse for release through the clerk's office.

The transcript will shed light into the evidence against Skanska USA Building
Inc., Nova Partners Inc. and their project managers, Anthony Jones and Seth
Henderson, who are overseeing remodeling of the north wing of the courthouse.
The state Attorney General's Office has accused the defendants of mishandling
asbestos abatement against the advice of their own consultants.

According to state prosecutors, construction workers cut and jackhammered
directly over asbestos fireproofing, causing asbestos to fall into the space
between the ceiling of the first floor and the floor of the second. The space
also contains the air intake for the building's ventilation system.

Each defendant is charged with eight felonies and five misdemeanors in
connection with events on Feb. 9, 2005, and March 31, 2005. Among the charges,
prosecutors allege they knowingly or recklessly handled asbestos "in a manner
which caused unreasonable risk of serious injury or death."

The companies potentially face millions of dollars in fines; Henderson and Jones
face possible prison terms. All have pleaded not guilty.

Henderson's attorney Ed Swanson said he and other defense attorneys plan to
challenge the indictment. He said state prosecutors presented the grand jury
with inadmissible evidence and withheld from it exculpatory evidence, which
would tend to show the defendants' innocence.

If the transcript were released and the challenge to the indictment were
successful, Swanson said, prosecutors could seat a new grand jury that would be
tainted by "emotional" press coverage.

Hammer rejected the argument, saying grand jury proceedings, by their very
nature, are one-sided, since the defendants are not present and the witnesses
are not cross-examined by defense attorneys.

Arguing for release of the records, Deputy Attorney General Janill Richards said
courts have taken the "extraordinary action" of sealing grand jury transcripts
only in cases where the nature of the charges or the testimony was
"inflammatory," such as in the Michael Jackson child molestation case.

Because of the allegation that the defendants willfully disregarded the lives of
thousands of people in the courthouse, Skanska attorney Elliot Peters said, the
"incendiary" and "trumped up" charges were more serious than those in the
Jackson case.

Hammer disagreed and said release of the previously sealed defense motions would
provide the public with some of the exculpatory evidence the defense wanted the
grand jury to hear.

Among that evidence, he said, is a letter from the Monterey County Board of
Supervisors asking the Attorney General's Office not to pursue charges against
the companies.

To accommodate the schedules of the six attorneys in the case, Hammer set a Jan.
8 trial date but warned it would not be continued.

Elevated asbestos levels have closed the Salinas Courthouse on numerous
occasions since construction began in 2004. Concerned subcontractors walked off
the job in March and work on the project to add four courtrooms has come to a
stop in recent weeks.

Asbestos consultant Don Diel said an area above the inmates' basement holding
cells, where elevated asbestos levels were previously detected, would be cleaned
this weekend. Work on the project would not resume, he said, until the county
decided whether it wants to temporarily move operations out of the courthouse.

.com.

Virginia Hennessey can be reached at 753-6751 or vhennessey@montereyherald

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             January 5, 2007 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SALSA QUEEN'S ESTATE DRAINED OF 1M, SUIT SEZ

BYLINE: BY BILL HUTCHINSON WITH NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 201 words


A CO-EXECUTOR of Cuban singer Celia Cruz's estate is being accused in a lawsuit
of siphoning money from the ailing widower of the Queen of Salsa.

A New Jersey Superior Court judge is being asked to strip Luis Falcon of his job
handling the affairs of the late Latin legend.

The lawsuit filed by Omer Pardillo, the other executor of Cruz's estate, accuses
Falcon of "extravagant expenditures" and mishandling money of Cruz's 85-year-old
husband, Pedro Knight.

"An accounting has to be rendered, which is one of the most important things,
because there are allegations of mismanagement of the estate," said Pardillo's
lawyer, Gilberto Garcia.

The Grammy-winning singer, who lived in Fort Lee, N.J., at the time of her death
in July 2003, left Knight the sole beneficiary of her multimillion-dollar
estate. Knight, who now lives in California, is suffering from dementia.

The lawsuit claims Falcon used improper influence over Knight to drain funds
from the elderly trumpet player. Falcon is being accused of mishandling at least
$1 million of Cruz's estate.

Falcon could not be reached for comment yesterday. Pardillo's lawsuit says
Falcon has not retained a lawyer.

Judge Peter Doyne is set to hear the case Feb. 9.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             March 9, 2000 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

News in brief

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 1329 words


NATIONAL

Reno accused of delaying espionage probe

WASHINGTON - A Republican senator who investigated allegations of Chinese
nuclear spying accused Attorney General Janet Reno on Wednesday of improperly
delaying the government's espionage probe.

Sen. Arlen Specter released a report that said Reno should have agreed with the
FBI when it sought in 1997 to bug the home and office of Wen Ho Lee, a scientist
at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico suspected of mishandling nuclear
secrets. The Pennsylvania Republican said Reno's refusal hampered the
investigation of Lee and allowed him to continue to transfer secret nuclear
weapons data to his home computer and portable data tapes.

Lee was fired a year ago and indicted in December on 59 felony counts of
mishandling classified information. He has pleaded innocent. The indictment does
not accuse Lee of giving secrets to China or any other country.

A fellow member of the Senate Judiciary Committee task force on the issue, Sen.
Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, disagreed. In a letter to Specter, Grassley said the
report ignored key evidence and did not reflect the consensus of the task force.

Helms will oppose diplomat's promotion

WASHINGTON - Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Jesse Helms said
Wednesday he will oppose any attempt to promote a senior U.S. diplomat who now
oversees American policy in the Balkans.

Helms, R-N.C., cited reports that the Clinton administration would name James
Dobbins assistant secretary of state for European Affairs without submitting the
appointment to the Senate as a nomination. A State Department official said any
possible nomination would go through the normal procedure and require Senate
approval.

In explaining his opposition, the senator referred to allegations that Dobbins
may have misled Congress about death squads in Haiti.

Dobbins, a former ambassador and a former member of the White House national
security staff, has produced documents showing he was cleared in 1998 of
accusations of intentionally misleading the House International Relations
Committee. But a letter was placed in his file that year cautioning him to be
more careful in future testimony in the future.

House panel challenges HUD's use of funds

WASHINGTON - The House Appropriations Committee is challenging the Department of
Housing and Urban Development's use of money designated for fighting drugs to
instead fund a federal gun buyback championed by President Clinton.

"This isn't about the efficacy of the program; it is a question of whether HUD
has the legal authority for it," Elizabeth Morra, an Appropriations Committee
spokeswoman, said Wednesday.

Morra said the challenge to HUD's authority on the gun buyback is based on a
decision from a similar conclusion reached by congressional auditors this week.

The Appropriations Committee, as part of a $9 billion emergency appropriations
bill, plans to vote today on rescinding the $700,000 that HUD has earmarked for
the buyback program this year, Morra said.

Senate OKs $40B for changes at airports

WASHINGTON - After months of battling over the fine print, the Senate
overwhelmingly passed a bill Wednesday that will significantly increase money
for airport safety and modernization in coming years.

The Senate voted 82-17 to pass the compromise bill that authorizes $40 billion
over three years for Federal Aviation Administration programs. The far-reaching
bill also allows airports to raise passenger taxes, increases flights out of
some of the nation's busiest airports and takes steps to make smaller-market
airports more economically viable.

The House is expected to approve the bill next week, sending it to President
Clinton for his signature.

New federal funding for aviation projects has been on hold since the
government's fiscal year began last Oct. 1 because the House and Senate couldn't
find common ground on how to set aside money for aviation modernization. The two
sides have finally reached a compromise under which new money for aviation
programs every year will at least equal the revenues and interest of the
Aviation Trust Fund.

Students say arrests at Denny's were racial

SOUTH BEND, Ind. - Two black Notre Dame students arrested by off-duty police
officers working security at a local Denny's said Wednesday the incident was
racially motivated and they were manhandled by the officers.

Tiffany Johnson said an officer used pepper spray on her while she was
handcuffed in the back of a squad car, and April Allen said a third woman
arrested had her nose bloodied when an officer slammed the woman's head into a
trunk.

The freshmen were arrested along with two other friends early Feb. 27 by two
Roseland police officers over a sign that had been knocked off the restaurant
wall.

Denny's officials, stung by a series of incidents with minority customers, said
Wednesday they had fired the officers for acting without involving the
restaurant's management.

St. Joseph County Prosecutor Chris Toth said a videotape shows the students were
not the aggressors in the incident. He elected not to press charges against the
four students and will ask the court to expunge their arrest records.

GOP leader wants look at White House e-mails

WASHINGTON - A Republican committee chairman said Wednesday he will issue a
subpoena covering hundreds of thousands of e-mails sent to the White House, some
of which may relate to the campaign fund-raising scandal.

In a letter, Rep. Dan Burton of Indiana said White House officials have known of
the e-mails for some time but failed to determine if any of them were related to
congressional investigations.

White House spokesman Jim Kennedy said that, "We will be happy to look at the
chairman's letter and respond accordingly."

Night lights may not affect children's sight

Two new studies suggest that parents who leave the night light on won't make
their children nearsighted after all.

Two groups of researchers reported today in the journal Nature that they were
unable to duplicate the results of an earlier study indicating children who
sleep with a night light until age 2 are three times more likely to develop
nearsightedness, or myopia.

The two follow-up studies were done separately at the New England College of
Optometry and Ohio State University.

The original study was done by scientists at the University of Pennsylvania and
the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia and was published in Nature last May. It
raised the possibility that too much light during the first two years of life
prompts the rapidly developing eyes to grow excessively and throws them out of
focus.

The follow-up studies found no difference between the rate of myopia for
children who slept in the dark and those who slept with a night light.

INTERNATIONAL

Israeli-Arab couple can't be barred from town

JERUSALEM - The Israeli Supreme Court ruled Wednesday that an Israeli-Arab
couple could not be barred from living in a community built solely for Jews.

The landmark decision after more than four years of hearings was hailed as an
important step toward equality for Israel's 1 million Arab citizens. It
overturned longstanding policies intended to promote exclusively Jewish
settlements in Israel.

Brought by an Israeli Arab couple who had been refused permission to buy a plot
or home in a Jewish cooperative settlement in northern Israel, the case raised
basic questions about whether Israel could be both a Jewish and a democratic
state, ideals enshrined in its declaration of independence.

Chechen rebels are keeping up resistance

KOMSOMOLSKOYE, Russia - After four days of bombing, shelling and fighting that
have left the Chechen village of Komsomolskoye in ruins, rebels kept up their
resistance Wednesday. Russian officials said the insurgents were suffering
severe losses.

Federal forces and rebels also clashed elsewhere in Chechnya's rugged mountains,
but the fiercest fighting was in Komsomolskoye, which rebels entered Sundayand
undermined Russia's claims that the rebels were all but defeated.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2000 The Durham Herald Co.


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Lawyer's impairment defense falls short

BYLINE: Peter Vieth

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 787  words


A Virginia lawyer failed to deflect bar charges of dishonesty based on
mishandling of a $15,000 client fee, despite a defense that depression prevented
the lawyer from forming the necessary bad intent.

A five-member Virginia State Bar Disciplinary Board panel ruled Jan. 27 that
evidence against Vinceretta T. Chiles was sufficient to support charges
including commission of a criminal or deliberately wrongful act.

The Richmond solo practitioner contended that her impairment from a major
depressive disorder - described in testimony from two therapists - kept her from
forming the required intent.

"Mental health is not an excuse, but it is relevant when intent is an element,"
argued her lawyer, Paul D. Georgiadis of Richmond.

"She did not have the capacity to form that intent," Georgiadis told the board
members.

Georgiadis acknowledged it was novel to suggest that impairment could support a
defense, not just serve as a mitigating factor in punishment.

"This is a very tough case for you all. This is new ground," he said.

Bar Counsel Edward L. Davis said the circumstances proved Chiles' intent to
misuse the cash payment.

"You've got dishonest conduct here. You've got mishandling of client money,"
Davis said. "This is no accident," he added.

Revocation case

Chiles - who was lauded in 2014 for her leadership of the Old Dominion Bar
Association - was accused of ethics violations for her handling of a Brunswick
County revocation case the following year.

The wife of a drug offender charged with probation violation testified she paid
$15,000 in cash to Chiles in March 2015. Chiles agreed she signed a receipt
acknowledging the $15,000 payment. The receipt said that the balance due was
zero.

Chiles then filed a motion to extend time for filing briefs and a motion to be
substituted as counsel for the defendant.

Later, however, Chiles failed to appear at a hearing and appeared to be ignoring
the case and her client's efforts to contact her.

When the bar sought records about the fee payment, Chiles first said that she
had never received the payment. Chiles ultimately said she had no recollection
of receiving the $15,000, but she arranged for the money to be repaid to the
client's family last year.

Chiles said she missed the court date because her cellphone was damaged and she
lost several appointments from her calendar system.

Depression cited

At the bar hearing Jan. 27, Chiles explained she was overwhelmed and uncertain
how to act when she realized she had missed an important hearing.

"I just shut down. I was unable to gather within myself the necessary
wherewithal to handle it as I should have," she said.

Chiles earlier allowed two small personal injury claims to lapse when lawsuits
were purged from Chesterfield Circuit Court for failure to timely serve process.

Chiles told the board members she was under stress from several factors,
including the loss of a long-term romantic relationship and her demanding
leadership role with the ODBA as it took part in a historic joint meeting with
the Virginia Bar Association.

"I was drowning," Chiles said.

Confronted with the state bar investigation, Chiles turned for help to James E.
Leffler, clinical director at Virginia Lawyers Helping Lawyers.

"It was the right call for me," she said, describing help from LHL for her
depression.

With therapy, "I was coming through and coming out," Chiles testified. A major
setback was the attention when the bar charges became public in September.

"I just went into shock," Chiles said.

Leffler and psychologist Julia G. McLaughlin said Chiles was unable to function
in some aspects of her practice because of depression.

"By the time she ran into difficulties in her practice, she was clearly impaired
with major depressive disorder," McLaughlin told the Disciplinary Board.

Chiles' internal and external stressors amounted to "a perfect storm," she said.

Intent argued

Davis - the bar prosecutor - said Chiles' behavior suggested she intentionally
used the money for her own purposes. He pointed to the written receipt and
Chiles' immediate entry into the case as evidence that she knew she had been
paid.

Avoiding inquiries from the client and the bar "shows a guilty state of mind,"
Davis argued.

Georgiadis contended the therapists' testimony undercut the evidence of intent.

The Disciplinary Board members decided the bar had proven its case on eight
counts of ethics violations, including commission of a "criminal or deliberately
wrongful act" and "conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit or
misrepresentation. "

The board approved a briefing schedule in advance of a March 24 hearing on
sanctions.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 3, 2004 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

RACISM CHARGE FROM GITMO CLERIC'S DAD

BYLINE: By SONI SANGHA DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 320 words


The father of a Muslim U.S. Army captain who served as a chaplain to detainees
at Guantanamo Bay wants charges against his son dropped.

Joseph Yee - father of James (Yousef) Yee, who was arrested Sept. 10 in Florida
carrying classified documents - said his son is a victim of racial profiling.

"He's an American citizen, an Army officer," Joseph Yee, a Chinese-American
World War II veteran, said yesterday at a Chinatown news conference. "And here
they treat him probably worse than [they treat] the detainees in Guantanamo.
"This has gone on long enough."

Following his arrest, officials at the Navy prison in Cuba told a military judge
Yee would be charged with sedition, espionage, spying and aiding the enemy -
crimes punishable by death.

But the charges Yee now faces are two counts of mishandling classified material,
failing to obey an order or regulation, making a false official statement and
conduct unbecoming an officer - for downloading porn on his laptop computer and
committing adultery at Guantanamo Bay.

Yee, a 35-year-old West Point graduate, was in solitary confinement for 76 days
in a South Carolina brig until the charges were lessened. He was released to
Fort Benning, Ga., where he performs clerical duties.

Despite the earlier warning of more severe charges, the most serious offense Yee
faces in an upcoming trial is mishandling classified documents, which means
carrying paperwork without a secure cover.

"In essence, we didn't know what he was doing," said Lt. Col. Bill Costello,
spokesman for the U.S. Southern Command, explaining why Yee was in solitary
confinement over misdemeanors.

But Joseph Yee, who has three sons in the military, feels betrayed by the Army.

"They've smeared the Yee family name," said Joseph Yee, who will fly to Fort
Benning tomorrow for his son's pretrial hearing. "They were trying to get him on
conspiracy charges, but I think they're running a conspiracy against him."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James Yee

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday

Accused cop seeks special prosecutor in misconduct case

BYLINE: Pedro Oliveira Jr., The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 543 words


Apr. 27--GENEVA TOWNSHIP -- Attorneys for the former town of Geneva police
sergeant accused of mishandling evidence and reports want a special prosecutor
to handle their client's case.

Robert B. Haase, 42, of 155 N. Cranberry St., Elkhorn, is charged in Walworth
County with two felony charges of misconduct in public office. He faces up to
seven years in prison and a $20,000 fine if convicted.

On a motion filed Monday, attorneys Melissa Frost and Stephen Kramer wrote that
prosecutors and other support staff from the Walworth County District Attorney's
Office are likely to be called to testify in Haase's case, which they said would
be a conflict of interest.

The attorneys also wrote that Haase might be called as a witness on cases he
worked on as a police officer at the town of Geneva.

"Challenging Mr. Haase's credibility by prosecuting this matter while attempting
to bolster his credibility in matters where Mr. Haase is a witness in his
capacity as a police officer appears to be contrary to the district attorney's
obligation to act in the best interests of its client, the state of Wisconsin,"
the attorneys wrote in the motion.

Haase, who remains on paid administrative leave pending an investigation, is
accused of mishandling evidence in an April 2008 sexual assault case and other
cases, according to the criminal complaint. He is suspected of breaking
department policy.

According to the complain:

Haase didn't document or secure evidence taken in the sexual assault case,
including photos and underwear. He also failed to give prosecutors or defense
attorneys evidence such as recorded interviews.

Haase also collected pieces of evidence but listed them on an evidence sheet as
being collected on a different date.

In the area around Haase's desk, he had 86 pieces of evidence from various
cases, including knives, drug paraphernalia, drugs and other items. The evidence
was unsecured.

The department's policy states that investigators should mark, package and store
evidence in a secure room.

Police Chief Ed Gritzner in August also filed two complaints against Haase.

Gritzner accused Haase of frequently meeting with a town court clerk, including
an unfounded complaint the two had sexual contact in a town squad car while he
was on duty.

Gritzner's attorney argued Haase violated department policy by having a
relationship with the clerk and spending an "inordinate amount of time" texting
and meeting during work hours.

Haase was demoted in November for engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer and
mishandling evidence. He was suspended for 90 days and permitted to return as a
patrolman with a lower salary.

Haase's attorney has argued Haase did not compromise any cases or investigations
by keeping evidence at his desk.

Haase has denied mishandling evidence.

He has been with the Town of Geneva Police Department since 2001.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100427-JG-Accused-cop-seeks-special-prosecutor-in-misconduct-case-0427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 9, 2015 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

40 arrested in Trinidad sting, zero convictions

BYLINE: Jordan Steffen

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 918 words


Trinidad police arrested 40 people in a 2013 "drug sting" after two detectives
botched their investigation and intentionally used wrong or misleading
information from an unreliable confidential informant, according to a lawsuit
the ACLU of Colorado filed Thursday.

None of the 40 people arrested were convicted of drug related offenses, and the
informant later was convicted of perjury.

Now, two of the people who were falsely arrested and ultimately fired because of
false allegations they were selling drugs are suing and seeking damages from the
city of Trinidad, less than 15 miles from the New Mexico state line, and the
detectives who handled the case. The scathing, 41 page complaint, filed in U.S.
District Court in Denver, names Detectives Phil Martin and Arsenio Vigil.

Danika Gonzales and Felicia Valdez claim their constitutional rights were
violated by being arrested without probable cause. The lawsuit says Vigil and
Martin fabricated details and used unchecked information from an unreliable
confidential informant to obtain warrants for their arrests.

"A modicum of police work would have revealed that both of these plaintiffs were
innocent of all the charges against them," the complaint reads.

The charges against Gonzales and Valdez, who were arrested in December 2013,
were dropped in June.

The lawsuit alleges that Vigil and Martin's mishandling of the case was a result
of the department's "conscious choice to have no policy regarding the use,
supervision of, and reliance on confidential informants."

Investigators' mishandling of the case was first reported by Westword in
November.

The same deficiencies found in the arrest warrants for Gonzales and Valdez were
found in most of the 40 affidavits filed in the sting.

"It seems clear to me that at the Trinidad Police Department it is standard
operating procedure to recruit snitches of unproven reliability and unleash them
on the community with money and directives to buy drugs," said Mark Silverstein,
legal director of ACLU Colorado. "The result of that is it is an open invitation
for a manipulative and opportunistic snitch to take advantage of that."

Trinidad City Attorney Les Downs declined to comment Thursday. The officers'
disciplinary records were not available immediately from the city.

Feud not probed

Crystal Bachicha was one of two confidential informants the detectives received
information from while investigating the sting. A woman who answered at a number
listed for Bachicha declined to comment Thursday.

According to the complaint, Vigil and Martin knew Gonzales was a probation
officer, but they did not reveal she was Bachicha's former probation officer.
They also did not disclose a long standing feud between Bachicha and Valdez.

The possibility that Bachicha was using her position as a confidential informant
to settle personal scores was not investigated or included on either warrant.
Information challenging Bachicha's credibility also was withheld from the
affidavits, including an arrest for allegedly trying to obtain prescription
drugs illegally while she was working as an informant.

Detectives also did not reveal that Bachicha agreed to work as an informant in
exchange for the dismissal of pending felony charges by 3rd Judicial District
Attorney Frank Ruybalid, according to the complaint.

Ruybalid, who says several accusations in the complaint are inaccurate, said he
reviewed Bachicha's case after police informed him she would be working as an
informant. He said he dismissed the charges because they lacked merit. Bachicha
ruined her credibility as an informant after she testified in court in one of
the drug cases that she never worked for the Trinidad police, he said.

"It pretty much destroyed my ability to prosecute any of these cases," Ruybalid
said. "I have no confidence that she is ever going to tell the truth again."

Bachicha was convicted of perjury in November.

Informant got $3,085

In March, Ruybalid is set to go on trial before a three member disciplinary
panel for allegations that he and his prosecutors mishandled a slew of criminal
cases since 2010.

Bachicha netted $3,085 from Trinidad police for providing information.
Detectives testified the amount of Bachicha's payments was strictly based on the
types of drugs she bought, but evidence shows she was paid the most for
information about Gonzales and an administrative assistant who worked at City
Hall, Silverstein said.

"Gonzales is a PROBATION OFFICER," Vigil wrote in the affidavit.

The affidavit claimed that on two occasions Gonzales sold Bachicha drugs inside
the courthouse where she worked. But Vigil and Martin did not witness any
alleged drug buys and they did not pull security videos from the courthouse to
confirm the exchange happened, according to the complaint.

"Instead of engaging in this type of basic police work, Defendants Vigil and
Martin chose to take CI Bachicha at her word," the complaint says.

Investigators also did not witness any of the buys Valdez was accused of making.
Valdez lost her job with the Trinidad school district, and she and her children
were evicted from their subsidized housing because of the arrest.

Five months after Gonzales was arrested, lab tests from the Colorado Bureau of
Investigation revealed that what Bachicha said was heroin she purchased from
Gonzales was actually a mixture of codeine and a marijuana component. Vigil
wrote in the affidavit that a field test was positive for methamphetamine.

Jordan Steffen: 303 954 1794, jsteffen@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jsteffendp

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 30, 2010 Friday

Felony charges against Geneva officer dropped

BYLINE: Kayla Bunge, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


July 30--ELKHORN -- Walworth County prosecutors have agreed to drop felony
charges against a former police sergeant accused of mishandling evidence because
outside prosecutors thought the case lacked merit.

Robert B. Haase, 42, who had been a member of the Town of Geneva Police
Department since 2001, has agreed to relinquish his badge.

Judge Michael Gibbs in June ordered that a special prosecutor handle the case
because of a conflict of interest between the Walworth County District
Attorney's Office and Haase.

Walworth County referred the case to the Wisconsin Attorney General's Office and
the Milwaukee County District Attorney's Office. Both offices declined to
prosecute the case because they believed the charges could not be proven beyond
a reasonable doubt.

Walworth County District Attorney Phil Koss said he had mixed feelings on the
matter.

"Rather than look like I was forum shopping, I agreed to drop the charges in
exchange for his resignation," he said. "This affected a significant case, that
sexual assault case, but when two prosecuting offices say, 'We don't think
there's enough here,' then I'm not going to keep spending taxpayer money trying
to pursue it."

Attorney Stephen Kramer said Haase already planned to resign.

"He would have found it unworkable to return to that police department," he
said.

Haase faced two charges of misconduct in public office.

He was accused of mishandling evidence and reports in an April 2008 sexual
assault case and others, according to the criminal complaint.

Haase failed to document or secure evidence taken in the sexual assault case,
including photographs and underwear, and failed to give prosecutors or defense
attorneys evidence such as recorded interviews, according to the complaint. He
botched the investigation, and the charges were reduced from felony repeated
sexual assault of a child to misdemeanor fourth-degree sexual assault as a
result, according to court records.

He also had more than 80 pieces of evidence from various cases, including
knives, drugs and drug paraphernalia, stored in or around his desk, according to
the complaint.

The Geneva Town Board recently voted to hire an attorney to review police
reports and transcripts of hearings to see if the town could take any other
disciplinary action against Haase.

Town Chairman Dan Lauderdale has nixed that plan because it cannot pursue action
against a former employee.

"The town is fortunate to be saving the cost of another hearing and other legal
expenses," he said.

Haase was demoted in November for engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer and
mishandling evidence.

He was accused of frequently meeting with a town court clerk during work hours.
He also was accused of failing to properly package, label and secure evidence
taken in a number of cases after another officer took over his cases while he
was suspended.

Haase now could seek a job with a different police department.

Lauderdale, a police officer in Williams Bay, expressed his concerns about
Haase's future employment in the area or elsewhere.

"I'm hopeful that should he apply elsewhere, that agency will do an adequate
background investigation," he said.

Koss echoed those sentiments.

"I hope chiefs take this into consideration..." he said.

Kramer declined to comment further until the charges officially are dropped. He
anticipated a judge would sign off on the agreement by the end of the week.

Haase is expected to resign effective Monday.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100730-JG-Felony-charges-against-Geneva-officer-dropped-20100730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2009 Saturday

The Fayetteville Observer, N.C., Catherine Pritchard column: Agencies handle
stockbroker complaints

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Sep. 5--Q: How does one go about filing a complaint against an out-of-state
stockbroker, up in the Wall Street area, who may have fraudulently handled some
funds? -- K.M., Fayetteville

A: There are a number of different agencies who could handle such a complaint.

Start with the Securities Division of the N.C. Secretary of State's office.
Although the broker is in New York, they could still be involved if the owner of
the funds was in North Carolina when the alleged mishandling occurred. Call
(800) 688-4507.

At the national level, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's stated
primary goal is protecting investors and maintaining the integrity of the
financial markets (last year's economic collapse notwithstanding, we guess).

You can file a complaint online with them at sec.gov/complaint.shtml, or send an
e-mail to enforcement@sec.gov The commission also accepts faxed complaints at
(703) 813-6965 and by mail at SEC Complaint Center, 100 F St. NE, Washington,
D.C. 20549-0213. The phone number is (202) 551-6551.

You can file a complaint with FINRA, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, which is an independent industry watchdog that replaced the National
Association of Securities Dealers in 2007. Call them at (301) 590-6500 or file a
complaint online at www.finra.org.

Bear in mind that none of these agencies can recover any money lost through
mishandling. That would take a private attorney and a civil lawsuit. But filing
a complaint can help stop companies that are mishandling funds from continuing
to do so.

- G.P.

Q: I got a $300 water bill from the Fayetteville Public Works Commission for
July. My bill usually averages about $30. They said my meter is working. They
looked for a leak and said I don't have one. What can I do? -- M.C., Hope Mills

A: Not much, besides pay up. But the PWC will work with you on payment
arrangements, according to spokeswoman Carolyn Hinson. When a bill is way above
normal past usage, the PWC will re-read the meter and check it for faults, which
you said they had already done, and check for leaks, which you said they did,
too.

Beyond that, they will sometimes adjust the bill, another step you said they
have taken in your case.

But the PWC is a business and one that provides a service that's hard to go
without, so if they determine the water has been used, there's not much you can
do but work out a manageable payment plan and get it paid off. -- G.P.

Live Wire seeks to answer questions of general interest and consumer topics
within two weeks. Initials are used to identify questioners when names are
given. Contact Live Wire at livewire@fayobserver.com,
http://blogs.fayobserver.com/livewire or 486-3516.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090905-FY-The-Fayetteville-Observer-N-C-Catherine-Pritchard-column-0905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2009 The Fayetteville Observer


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

District attorney on probation for violations

BYLINE: Jordan Steffen

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 360 words


The district attorney for Las Animas and Huerfano counties will spend 23 months
under close supervision after he admitted to mishandling more than a dozen
criminal cases since 2010.

Third Judicial District Attorney Frank Ruybalid faces a six month suspension
from practicing law if he fails to meet the terms of his probation, part of an
agreement reached with the Colorado attorney regulations counsel.

The plea agreement marks the end of more than a year of litigation between the
two. On Aug. 21, 2013, the regulations counsel filed a complaint against
Ruybalid, who was elected in 2008.

The complaint included claims that Ruybalid disobeyed court orders and
intentionally violated state rules requiring him to provide defense attorneys
with evidence. Some of the cases in which Ruybalid failed to disclose evidence
alleged crimes such as second degree murder, child abuse, domestic violence and
assault.

Those cases never went to trial after Ruybalid and his prosecutors were accused
of misconduct in handling the cases.

Colorado Supreme Court Presiding Disciplinary Judge William Lucero accepted the
plea agreement Wednesday.

Ruybalid did not return calls from The Denver Post on Wednesday.

As part of the agreement, Ruybalid admitted to mishandling evidence in the cases
and failing to "diligently represent the people." Ruybalid admitted he "did not
ensure a flow of information was maintained" and "did not make appropriate and
timely disclosures to the defense," according to the agreement.

The district attorney also conceded that he failed to properly supervise and
train his prosecutors, who were also accused of mishandling cases.

As part of his probation, Ruybalid cannot violate any rules in handling his
cases, must pass a one day ethics class and work with a lawyer assigned to
monitor him during the next 23 months. His term ends in 2017.

"It's a fair result," said Attorney Regulation Counsel James Coyle. "He serves a
very important role as the elected DA. Our goal is to make sure he fulfills all
of his duties to the public and the courts during his remaining time as DA."

Jordan Steffen: 303 954 1794, jsteffen@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jsteffendp

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: NEW MEXICAN WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 665 words


In brief

Judge orders probe of prosecutors in Stevens case

WASHINGTON -- A federal judge focused scrutiny Tuesday on a small Justice
Department unit assigned to root out corruption when he dismissed the conviction
of former senator Ted Stevens and appointed an outside lawyer to investigate
allegations of misconduct by prosecutors.

The rare move to turn the investigation on the prosecutors themselves puts six
federal lawyers, accused of mishandling evidence and witnesses, in the awkward
position of becoming potential defendants in a criminal trial. It also creates a
new challenge for the Obama administration and Attorney General Eric Holder Jr.,
who must put a tainted prosecution behind him as he tries to remake the
reputation of his department, which has been troubled in recent years.

The Justice Department would usually examine such accusations internally. But
U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan said Tuesday that he had no faith in such an
investigation after seeing so much "shocking and disturbing" behavior by the
government.

"In 25 years on the bench, I have never seen anything approaching the
mishandling and misconduct that I have seen in this case," he said.

Child slaying investigation turns to church

TRACY, Calif. -- Police on Tuesday searched a local church and questioned
neighbors of an 8-year-old girl whose body was stuffed in a suitcase and dumped
in a pond a few miles from this quiet, working-class community.

The investigation into the death of Sandra Cantu has touched on everyone who
lives in the neighborhood, including a pastor who became a focus Tuesday.
Investigators cordoned off Pastor Lane Lawless' home and Clover Road Baptist
Church for a search after questioning him for three hours the night before.

Police have not named any suspects in the case and Sgt. Tony Sheneman insisted
Tuesday that Lawless "is not at the center of the investigation and never was."
He added that he was dismayed to hear media reports that the pastor was a main
suspect.

Fen-phen lawyers

ordered to return $30 million

FRANKFORT, Ky. -- Two disbarred lawyers convicted of scamming their former
clients

in a diet drug case out of millions of dollars must forfeit $30 million, a
federal jury ruled Tuesday.

Former attorneys William Gallion and Shirley Cunningham also must turn over an
unspecified amount held in separate accounts, jurors decided. That could be as
much as $20 million more, said Angela Ford, an attorney representing the victims
in a civil case against the two lawyers.

"The jury's decision appears to make a lot of sense," Ford said.

Gallion and Cunningham were convicted last week of scamming their former clients
out of $94.6 million while representing them in a case involving the diet drug
fen-phen. Prosecutors said the two scammed about 440 clients who had been hurt
using the drug, which was taken off the market after being linked to heart valve
problems.

Gallion and Cunningham each were convicted of one count of conspiracy to commit
wire fraud and eight counts of wire fraud. They're facing 20 years in prison on
each count and are to be sentenced in July.

Actor Kal Penn

joins White House team

WASHINGTON -- The White House has hired actor Kal Penn as a liaison between
President Barack Obama's administration and Asian constituents.

White House spokesman Shin Inouye said Tuesday that the actor, who had a
recurring role on Fox's TV show House and has starred in several movies, would
join the staff as an associate director in the Office of Public Liaison. His
role will be to connect Obama with the Asian-American and Pacific Islander
communities, as well as arts groups.

Penn starred as Kumar in the movie, Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay.
His House character committed suicide in Monday's episode.

Penn backed Obama during the campaign. The White House says a start date for
Penn hasn't been set.

The White House did not reveal what Penn would be paid. Aides with similar
titles earned between $41,000 and $91,000 last year.

New Mexican wire services

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The New Mexican


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 27, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Va. Lawyer Suspended For Mishandling Practice;
Effect on 2 Slaying Cases Is Unclear

BYLINE: Tom Jackman and Josh White, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 517 words


A Herndon lawyer who represented a drug dealer in a recent capital murder trial
in Prince William County and is now representing an Oakton teenager accused of
killing his parents has been suspended from practicing law for 21/2 years for
repeatedly mishandling the cases of other clients.

John H. Partridge, 35, heads a five-lawyer firm that handles all types of legal
matters and advertises its services on the back cover of the Northern Virginia
white pages phone directory. Last year, Partridge represented Justin M. Wolfe,
the 22-year-old Chantilly drug dealer accused of ordering the murder of one of
his associates. Wolfe was convicted of capital murder and sentenced to death.

Marvin Miller, the lawyer handling Wolfe's appeal, said yesterday that he is
unsure how Partridge's suspension would affect Wolfe's case but said he hopes it
will help. Last month, Wolfe lost an appeal to the Virginia Supreme Court, and
Miller said he plans to file a reconsideration motion tomorrow.

"I think that a harder-fought case and perhaps a bit more legal experience may
have yielded a different result" at Wolfe's trial, Miller said, adding that any
claim of ineffective counsel would have to be raised on the federal level. "This
boy doesn't deserve the death penalty, so we're going to go after anything that
might work."

While Partridge was handling Wolfe's case, complaints against him were piling up
at the Virginia State Bar. Ten complaints -- for mishandling funds and failing
to perform work for his clients -- were found to be substantiated, and last week
Partridge agreed to surrender his law license for 30 months, effective May 1.

In one instance, a man paid Partridge $ 4,000 to represent him in a possible
divorce. When the couple later reconciled, Partridge declined to refund the
man's money, according to state records and the man involved. In another case, a
woman who paid Partridge $ 5,000 to file a discrimination suit said that he
performed shoddy work, dismissed her suit when she was about to be awarded
damages and then never re-filed it.

In an agreement entered last week, Partridge acknowledged that he repeatedly
took payments from clients and failed to place them in trust accounts, in
violation of state rules.

Yesterday, Partridge attributed his difficulties to "office management
problems."

As part of his discipline, Partridge agreed to make restitution to the clients
whose money he kept. And if he chooses to practice law again after his
suspension expires, he must promptly hire a law office management consultant to
monitor his practice for two years.

Partridge said yesterday that his office problems did not affect his defense of
Wolfe.

Partridge is currently the attorney of record for Joshua P. Cooke, a 19-year-old
Oakton resident charged with fatally shooting his parents in their home last
month. The day after Partridge submitted the agreement to the state bar, he
represented Cooke at a preliminary hearing in Fairfax Juvenile and Domestic
Relations Court. Bar officials said this was not a problem because Partridge's
suspension doesn't take effect until May.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Pentagon mishandled live plague, deadly viruses

LENGTH: 335  words


Pentagon laboratories may have mishandled, improperly stored and shipped samples
of potentially live plague samples, putting the public at risk.

The Defense Department is investigating the possible mishandling of bubonic
plague samples at its labs, Pentagon Spokesman Peter Cook said on Thursday.

Concerns were raised after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
discovered a sample of plague bacteria in a facility freezer "outside the
containment area" at the Edgewood Chemical and Biological Center in Maryland on
August 17, Cook said.

"One of the things they're doing right now is trying to assess whether any of
these substances, first of all, pose any sort of threat; second of all, whether
these substances were shipped to any other laboratories," he said.

US officials contend that testing has indicated that the suspect samples contain
a weakened version and not the fully infectious form that alarmed lab regulators
at the CDC.

Three men in New Orleans examine rats to determine if they are carrying bubonic
plague in 1914.

Army Spokesman Dov Schwartz said the plague samples found in the labs pose no
danger to the public.

The plague bacteria can cause several types of serious and potentially fatal
illnesses, including swollen lymph nodes, lung infection, and sever skin
disorder. The pathogen is often blamed for the "Black Death" that claimed
millions of lives in Europe during the 14th century.

The CDC has also raised concerns about mishandling of two potentially deadly
viruses at military labs-- Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus and Eastern
equine encephalitis virus.

The latest revelations come after a scandal broke in May that the Pentagon
mistakenly shipped live anthrax samples to all 50 states and nine foreign
countries without killing the spores.

The live samples of the deadly bacteria were sent from a military lab in Utah.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/36/144196278332.jpg

Yersinia pestis is the bacteria that causes plague.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/57/144196278567.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 25, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Guantanamo Spy Cases Evaporate;
Chaplain and Arabic Translator Are Now Facing Only Lesser Charges

BYLINE: John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A03

LENGTH: 1840 words


Last September, top officials of the Navy prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, told a
military judge in Florida that the prison's Muslim chaplain, Army Capt. James
Yee, would soon be charged with mutiny, sedition, espionage, spying and aiding
the enemy -- crimes that could lead to his execution.

Based on those allegations, Yee was held in solitary confinement in a Navy brig
in South Carolina for 76 days. But authorities never charged him with any of
those offenses. Instead, Yee will face much less serious charges, such as
mishandling classified materials and adultery, when the case against him resumes
at a hearing at Fort Benning, Ga., scheduled for Feb. 4.

At the same time Yee was being detained, Air Force Senior Airman Ahmad I.
Halabi, who worked as an Arabic translator at Guantanamo Bay, was also in
solitary confinement 3,000 miles away, held in California on charges of
espionage and aiding the enemy. In time, the most serious of those allegations
have been withdrawn as well.

Some experts on military law and the men's lawyers say the prosecutions of Yee
and Halabi have been riddled with inconsistencies and oddities that cast doubt
on the government's original fears that a spy ring was operating in the
high-security prison for alleged al Qaeda and Taliban fighters.

"I find it difficult to believe professional prosecutors are proceeding with
these two cases in this manner," said Gary D. Solis, a former Marine Corps
prosecutor who teaches the law of war at Georgetown University. "The ineptitude
at each step of the proceeding is amazing. . . . It seems there's been
investigative overreaction in both cases."

Even now, prosecutors have not made final determinations that some of the
documents Halabi was charged with possessing were, in fact, classified -- and,
if they were, what level of security applied to them. As a result, his lead
civilian attorney, Donald G. Rehkopf Jr., said he has only a hazy picture of why
his client was arrested last July.

A similar review of documents in the Yee case was finished only in recent days.

In an unusual episode last month, military investigators raided offices used by
Halabi's military lawyers at an Air Force base in California, temporarily
seizing one computer and copying its hard drive in a search for evidence against
the airman.

Rehkopf protested the search in a letter to Air Force officials, calling it
"bizarre" and "a conscious disregard of the attorney-client relationship."

"We are imploring the senior leadership of the Air Force to get this case under
control," the letter said.

The Air Force is refusing to comment on the case of the Syrian-born Halabi, 25,
who is accused of illegally possessing letters from detainees and other
documents about the prison at Guantanamo Bay.

Officials at the U.S. Southern Command, which oversees Guantanamo Bay, have
commented on Yee. They say they are demonstrating caution and fairness in their
treatment of him. "We've taken a methodical, well-thought-out approach in the
case against Chaplain Yee," said Col. Bill Costello, a Southern Command
spokesman.

Yee, who graduated from West Point and converted to Islam, faces two counts of
mishandling classified material related to papers found on him when he was
arrested in Florida after a flight from Guantanamo Bay last Sept. 10. He also
has been charged with failing to obey an order or regulation; making a false
official statement; conduct unbecoming an officer, for downloading pornographic
material onto his laptop computer; and adultery with a female officer at
Guantanamo Bay.

Halabi was originally charged last summer with 30 offenses, including espionage,
aiding the enemy and other allegations based on searches of his Guantanamo Bay
computer. But in the fall, 13 charges were dropped, including the most serious
ones, which could have led to the death penalty. He still faces charges of
mishandling classified material and attempted espionage involving an alleged
plan, apparently never carried out, to pass information to someone in Syria.

Two other men have been charged with breaching Guantanamo Bay security. Ahmed F.
Mehalba, a Muslim linguist who worked as a prison contractor, faces charges in a
federal court of lying to investigators and mishandling classified data after
secret files about the prison were found on his computer when he landed at
Boston's Logan International Airport on a flight from Egypt. Army Reserve Col.
Jack Farr, a senior officer in the Guantanamo Bay unit that interrogates
detainees, was charged in November with mishandling classified material and
lying to investigators after he flew from the base to Florida and classified
papers were found in his bags.

In the Yee and Halabi cases, prosecutors have handed over batches of papers to
defense lawyers, only to demand their return. In each case, prosecutors said the
documents had mistakenly been designated as unclassified. Officials also
provided other papers to the defense, saying they were classified but
releasable, then later retracted that description, saying the documents were
unclassified, defense attorneys said.

"If ranking military officers don't know what's classified, how is a 25-year-old
supply clerk totally inexperienced in classification supposed to know?" Rehkopf
said.

Officials have refused to say what provoked investigations of Yee and Halabi.
But knowledgeable sources said suspicions about them began last year, around the
time Halabi started helping Yee prepare a community center on the base for
Muslim prayer services each Friday. Halabi also had dinner twice at Yee's
quarters with him and other Muslim service members, sources said.

Around the same time, Halabi -- whose job was translating letters between
detainees and their families -- was allegedly sending some of the letters he
translated to undisclosed recipients via e-mail and to a Web site he maintained.

Halabi also was corresponding with the Syrian Embassy to obtain a visa to travel
there for his wedding, an event he had to reschedule repeatedly because his
military tour was extended a number of times. Sources say investigators feared
there was some connection between Halabi and Yee because each had ties to Syria.
Yee had spent four years there in the mid-1990s training as an imam and is
married to a Syrian woman.

On July 23, when he arrived at a naval base in Jacksonville, Fla., for the trip
to Syria, Halabi was arrested secretly and interrogated for 24 hours without
sleep. The next month he was preliminarily charged with the 30 counts that
included aiding the enemy.

On Sept. 10, when Yee was leaving Guantanamo Bay to return to his home in
Washington state, Guantanamo Bay officials investigating him theorized he had
classified material with him. They tipped off customs officials in Florida.

Customs agent Sean Rafferty testified in a hearing last month that he found in
Yee's backpack four notebooks and notepads, a variety of other printed papers,
and a typed, official-looking list of names of detainees and interrogators, with
numbers by the names. "It was determined the documents were of interest to
national security," Rafferty testified.

But Yee's lawyers said that among the papers Rafferty found "suspicious" were
Web pages on Middle East history that Yee had downloaded for a course on
international affairs he was taking at Army expense at Troy State University,
which had a satellite program at Yee's home base of Fort Lewis, Wash.

Military officials said Yee was evasive at the airport. When asked whether he
had luggage with him, Yee replied no. But his lawyers said that was a
misunderstanding: His suitcase was not in his possession at that time. In any
case, the luggage contained no documents, while the backpack he had with him
contained the papers that generated officials' suspicion, indicating Yee made no
effort to conceal anything, his lawyers said.

Yee was arrested on suspicion of various crimes but not formally charged. But in
documents filed with the military magistrate who reviewed his detention, top
Guantanamo Bay officials said that among the "offenses charged" against Yee were
mutiny, sedition, espionage, spying and aiding the enemy. On Sept. 12, the
magistrate ordered him held in the brig at a Navy base in Charleston, S.C.

On Oct. 10, Yee was charged with two counts of mishandling classified material
because of the papers found on him in Jacksonville -- but there was no mention
of the more serious charges.

His lawyer, Eugene R. Fidell, wrote a scathing letter to President Bush in
November pointing out that cases involving accusations of mishandling classified
material almost always end up with administrative slaps on the wrist, not
solitary confinement.

Yee "is being treated as if the original laundry list of charges [such as
mutiny] was the legal basis for his confinement," Fidell wrote. "He is being
treated as if he were an enemy combatant rather than a commissioned officer."

On Nov. 25, officials freed Yee but also charged him with other offenses,
including the relatively rare count of adultery because of a sexual affair
investigators discovered during their probe. Fidell said adding these counts was
vindictive.

Costello, the Southern Command spokesman, acknowledged that officials had the
choice of not charging Yee with adultery. But Yee "is supposed to be a moral
compass" for soldiers, Costello said. "If adultery goes unpunished, that sends a
message."

Yee's lawyers also noted several medals and citations awarded during his stint
in Cuba. "Yee's strong sense of professionalism, maturity and dedication to
duty," read one citation last July, "reflected credit upon himself, the U.S.
Army and the Department of Defense."

Halabi, meanwhile, remains in jail pending a yet-to-be-scheduled court-martial
in California. In recent months, the most serious charges against him have been
dropped, including using the computer to communicate with "the enemy," a term
never defined. Among the remaining charges are two for attempting to commit
espionage, apparently for allegedly planning to send prisoners' letters to
someone in Syria.

His attorneys said Air Force officials issued orders months ago that bar Halabi
from speaking Arabic in prison, even to his non-English-speaking relatives. The
defense lawyers expressed puzzlement at prosecutors' later claim that no such
order was ever given, saying they have it in writing. Halabi still must use
translators to speak to his relatives, the attorneys said.

Halabi's attorneys have asked to interview a number of detainees whose names
they provided to authorities. But officials have denied the requests, demanding
to know how they learned the prisoners' names and contending that it may have
been through unauthorized disclosure. Rehkopf, Halabi's lawyer, said it was from
the Internet.

Halabi's and Yee's attorneys say their clients have been treated more harshly
than Farr, a non-Muslim charged with similar offenses. Farr voluntarily returned
to Cuba to face the charges and continues to serve in his old interrogation
unit, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            January 30, 2015, Friday

Osteopathic school sued over handling of assault Former student's suit claims
WVSOM violated Title IX law

BYLINE: Kate White, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 1076 words


A former student of the West Virginia School of Osteopathic Medicine is suing
the school, claiming officials there mishandled her sexual assault complaint.

The lawsuit filed last week in federal court in Beckley comes after it was
announced last year that the school is under federal investigation for possibly
mishandling sexual-assault cases.

Last May, the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights released
for the first time a list of 55 schools in the country being investigated for
possible violations of Title IX - a law that prohibits gender discrimination at
schools that receive federal funding. The osteopathic school was one of two in
West Virginia on the list. A spokeswoman for the school said Thursday that the
federal investigation is ongoing.

"Concerning any allegations that may have been raised, we believe WVSOM has
acted timely and appropriately and in accordance with state and federal law,
including Title IX, said Marilea Butcher, associate vice president of
administrative affairs.

The list, which also includes Bethany College in the Northern Panhandle, has no
correlation to the number of sexual-assault complaint on a campus, only the
school's potential mishandling of them.

The lawsuit was filed by Nicole Rex, of Kentucky, who was in her first year at
the Lewisburg school in 2012 when she claims she was sexually assaulted
off-campus by another student, Daniel J. McGuinness.

Rex claims that after she notified school officials she was drugged and sexually
assaulted by McGuinness, protocols under Title IX, like directing her to be
tested for drugs or sexually transmitted diseases or offer her counseling or
literature, were not followed. The school regularly drug tests first and second
year students, according to the lawsuit.

Officials also didn't keep Rex's complaint private or take necessary steps to
keep her as a student, her attorneys from the Marsh Law Firm, based in New York,
wrote. A telephone number for McGuinness couldn't be located.

At the time of the alleged assault, the school didn't have an administrator
charged with handling student on student sexual assault, as Title IX requires,
according to the complaint filed last Friday. Rex reported the assault to John
Schriefer, dean of pre-clinical education at the school, the lawsuit states.

Schriefer advised her to file a formal complaint and report the matter to
police. She did, and she also went to the hospital and obtained an order of
protection from a Greenbrier County magistrate, according to the complaint.

The school issued its own protective orders - one against McGuinness and one
against the woman, the lawsuit states. According to the lawsuit, though, the
school shouldn't have issued a protective order to Rex, as Title IX requires
schools to minimize the burdens put on a victim. The protective order made it
hard for Rex to attend classes, as McGuinness was often nearby on the small
campus, the lawsuit states. The order also required her to stay quiet about the
incident, which didn't allow her to explain her situation to professors,
according to the complaint.

A hearing was held in magistrate court over the protective order, where a
magistrate determined McGuinness knew Rex was too inebriated to consent to sex,
according to the lawsuit. The magistrate found that a sexual assault had
occurred, according to the lawsuit, and extended the protective order against
McGuinness for two years - the maximum amount of time, according to the lawsuit.

The school conducted its own investigation, and 100 days after it was reported,
decided no sexual assault had occurred, the lawsuit states.

Rex tried to convince the school to reopen the case after being given the
results of a drug test showing she had been given Valium, a muscle relaxer, the
complaint states, which according to the lawsuit, is often used as a date-rape
drug. Officials refused, according to the complaint.

The school did find, according to the lawsuit, that McGuinness had acted
inappropriately by allegedly bringing marijuana to the party, where Rex claims
she was assaulted. McGuinness was required to perform 10 hours of community
service and write a five-page paper about why drugs are bad, the complaint
states.

Greenbrier County Prosecuting Attorney Patrick Via told the Gazette that his
office has never prosecuted McGuinness for a sexual crime during the six years
he's been in office. Via also said no one from the school has been prosecuted
for a sexual crime during his tenure.

School officials are also accused in the lawsuit of never reprimanding some
staff, who allegedly leaked confidential information about the assault to other
faculty and students.

After the assault, the lawsuit states, the school revised its sexual harassment
policy to address, among other things, assault care, filing a complaint, the
investigative process and treatment and counseling. In addition to compensatory
and punitive damages, Rex wants the school to change its drug policy and provide
drug testing for victims of sexual violence.

The lawsuit names the school, Michael Adelman, who is president of the school;
Leslie Bicksler, the associate vice president for Human Resources and a Title IX
coordinator for the school; Elaine Soper, who is also a Title IX coordinator and
associate dean for assessment and educational development at the school, and
Jeffrey Shawver, the school's attorney.

Rex took a leave of absence from the school in March 2013 and withdrew and
transferred to another medical school in July 2013, according to her lawsuit.

Meanwhile, she filed a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education's Office
of Civil Rights over the alleged handling of her complaint and violation of her
Title IX rights.

Her lawsuit states that when she asked for an update on the federal
investigation, she was told it was taking longer than usual because the
Osteopathic School "refused to cooperate.

The school's spokeswoman Butcher said Thursday that the school is taking the
allegations seriously.

"At WVSOM, we do not tolerate sexual harassment, assault or discrimination. We
believe we provide our students and employees with a safe environment that
complies with the requirements of Title IX, Butcher said.

It wasn't until the federal investigation began that the school modified its
Title IX policy, according to the lawsuit.

The case has been assigned to U.S. District Judge Irene Berger.

Reach Kate White at kate.white@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1723 or @KateLWhite on
Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     June 4, 2005 Saturday ST. PAUL EDITION

QURAN KICKED, PENTAGON REPORTS
PROBE CONFIRMS FIVE CASES OF MISHANDLING

BYLINE: From news services

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 835 words


WASHINGTON -- A military inquiry has found that guards or interrogators at the
Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba kicked, stepped on and splashed urine on
the Quran, in some cases intentionally but in others by accident, the Pentagon
said Friday.

The splashing of urine was among the cases described as inadvertent, and was
said to have occurred when a guard urinated near an air vent and the wind blew
his urine through the vent into a detainee's cell.

The detainee was provided with a fresh uniform and a new Quran, and the guard
was reprimanded and assigned to guard duty that kept him from contact with
detainees for the remainder of his time at Guantanamo, according to the military
inquiry.

Brig. Gen. Jay Hood, commander of Joint Task Force Guantanamo, who completed the
three-week inquiry this week into alleged mishandling of the Quran, confirmed
five cases of intentional or unintentional mishandling of the holy book, which
appear to be unrelated, from among 19 alleged incidents since the detention
facility opened in January 2002. His investigation also found 15 incidents of
detainees desecrating Qurans.

In a news release from the U.S. Southern Command late Friday, Hood expanded on
statements he made at a Pentagon news briefing last week, when he characterized
the incidents as rare, isolated and largely inadvertent. Officials said they
have issued more than 1,600 Qurans at the facility.

"Mishandling a Quran at Guantanamo Bay is a rare occurrence," Hood said in the
statement. "Mishandling of a Quran here is never condoned."

Detainees, human rights groups and some military personnel have complained about
desecration of the Quran at Guantanamo Bay. Tom Wilner, an attorney for 11
Kuwaiti nationals being held at the prison, said Friday that the number and
persistence of reports of Quran abuse from detainees indicate a much broader
problem than indicated by the Hood inquiry.

"It's sort of amazing today that we define truth as only when the government
confirms something happened," Wilner said.

Investigators were specifically looking into allegations that U.S. personnel had
flushed a Quran down a toilet at Guantanamo Bay. Newsweek reported in early May
that such an allegation had been confirmed, setting off riots in Muslim nations
that left 17 people dead, but then retracted the story.

Hood's inquiry determined that no such incident took place.

The probe did find, however, that rumors of such an event swirled around the
facility in the summer of 2002 after a detainee dropped his Quran on the floor
and other detainees blamed the mishandling on U.S. guards. The story, according
to a U.S. Southern Command news release, changed as detainees passed it along,
escalating to rumors that U.S. troops ripped pages out of the book and then
flushed it.

The first case, in February 2002, arose when a detainee complained that guards
at Camp X-Ray kicked the Quran of a detainee in a neighboring cell. Though
interrogators and guards noted the incident, there was no further investigation.

In another case, in August 2003, two detainees complained to their guards that a
number of Qurans were wet "because the night shift guards had thrown water
balloons on the block." Hood's team determined the complaints to be credible.

Another confirmed report involved a two-word obscenity written in the inside
cover of a Quran. Investigators were unable to determine who wrote the phrase
and concluded it was possible that the complaining detainee -- who was
conversant in English -- may have defaced his own book.

Another report, in July 2003, detailed an incident in which a contract
interrogator stood on a detainee's Quran during an interrogation. The
interrogator was fired for a "pattern of unacceptable behavior," according to
the Friday news release.

The most recent, and perhaps strangest, case of mishandling was documented on
March 25, 2005, when a detainee complained to the guards that urine came through
an air vent in his cell and "splashed on him and his Quran while he laid near
the air vent." According to Hood's investigation, the guard who was responsible
reported himself to his superiors and was reassigned to gate duty.

"The guard had left his observation area post and went outside to urinate,"
according to a summary of the incident. "He urinated near an air vent and the
wind blew his urine through the vent into the block."

Hood's investigation also turned up 15 incidents in which detainees mishandled
Qurans between Nov. 19, 2002, and Feb. 18, 2005. Many of the cases involved
detainees ripping up their own Qurans, throwing the Quran or its pages out of
their cells, or trying to deface a Quran belonging to another detainee.

Three of the detainee cases involving spitting or throwing urine on Qurans. In
one case, on Jan. 19, 2005, a detainee allegedly "tore up his Quran and tried to
flush it down the toilet," according to the report.

This report includes information from the New York Times and Washington Post.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 19, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Is Investigating a Senior Counterterrorism Agent

BYLINE:  By DAVID JOHNSTON and JAMES RISEN

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1127 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 18


The F.B.I. has begun an internal investigation into one of its most senior
counterterrorism officials, who misplaced a briefcase containing highly
classified information last year. The briefcase contained a number of sensitive
documents, including a report outlining virtually every national security
operation in New York, government officials said.

The official, John O'Neill, 49, is the special agent in charge of national
security in the Federal Bureau of Investigation's New York office. The job is
among the most powerful in the F.B.I., and, although Mr. O'Neill is not widely
known, he has overseen cases like the terrorist bombing of the Navy destroyer
Cole in Yemen last year and the bombings of American embassies in East Africa in
1998.

The briefcase incident was seen as potentially so serious that the Justice
Department conducted a criminal investigation. The inquiry ended in recent weeks
with a decision by the department's internal security section not to prosecute,
law enforcement officials said.

Mr. O'Neill left his briefcase in a hotel conference room while he attended an
F.B.I. meeting in Tampa, Fla., last summer. The briefcase was stolen, but the
local authorities recovered it and returned it to him within hours with the
contents.
Jill Stillman, a spokeswoman for the Justice Department, said that department
officials would not comment on the matter. Requests to discuss the matter with
Mr. O'Neill were made to bureau officials in New York and Washington. In both
cases, they said that he declined to comment on the case.

After the criminal inquiry, the bureau's internal affairs unit began its own
investigation to determine whether Mr. O'Neill had violated F.B.I. rules against
mishandling classified information.

Officials identified one document in the briefcase as a draft of what is known
in the bureau as the Annual Field Office Report for national security operations
in New York. The closely guarded report contained a description of every
counterespionage and counterterrorism program in New York and detailed the
budget and manpower for each operation. The document, submitted to bureau
headquarters, is used as a central planning tool each year.

F.B.I. agents are prohibited from removing classified documents from their
offices without authorization. Violations are punishable by censure, suspension
or even dismissal, depending on the seriousness.

But the outcome of the internal inquiry is uncertain. Even if the inquiry finds
that Mr. O'Neill violated regulations, he is unlikely to be sanctioned. He has
been planning to retire and told associates in recent days that he would step
down next week. He is expected to take a job as a private security consultant.

Several officials said that Mr. O'Neill became the subject of especially intense
scrutiny partly because law enforcement officials did not want to treat the
matter lightly after the cases of John M. Deutch, the former director of Central
Intelligence, and Wen Ho Lee, the Los Alamos nuclear weapons scientist.

Mr. Deutch lost his security clearances and was the subject of a Justice
Department investigation for mishandling classified material after he placed
classified documents on unclassified computers in his home. Mr. Deutch was
pardoned by President Clinton in January.

Dr. Lee pleaded guilty in September 2000 to one count of mishandling classified
material just as the rest of the government's case against him collapsed.

In Mr. O'Neill's case, F.B.I. officials were alarmed, in part, because of the
sensitivity of the documents involved, including details about the bureau's
counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations. One document contained
highly sensitive information about an F.B.I. source.

Mr. O'Neill immediately reported the incident to his superiors. But after the
Tampa authorities recovered the briefcase, it was taken from him and the
documents inside it were fingerprinted to determine whether anyone had touched
the briefcase and whether the documents might have been handled by a foreign
intelligence service.

The investigation concluded that the documents in the briefcase had not been
touched and that it had probably been stolen by thieves who were thought to be
responsible for several hotel robberies in the Tampa area at the time.

Mr. O'Neill started as an entry-level clerk at the bureau and has been an agent
for more than 25 years. Throughout his career, associates said, Mr. O'Neill has
been regarded as a dedicated, relentless and hard-charging investigator who was
one of the F.B.I.'s brightest stars. But associates said that he sometimes
chafed at the restrictive rules of conduct at the bureau and that his
single-mindedness had sometimes irritated colleagues in the bureau, at the
C.I.A. and at the State Department. Mr. O'Neill's aggressiveness has led to
serious frictions in the Cole bombing case, for example.

This year, the United States ambassador to Yemen, Barbara Bodine, blocked Mr.
O'Neill from returning to Yemen to oversee the F.B.I. investigation of the
bombing of the destroyer Cole. Mr. O'Neill had led the initial team of agents in
Yemen after the bombing last fall, but ran afoul of Ambassador Bodine over what
she considered his heavy-handed style, State Department officials said. She
considered the F.B.I. contingent too large and objected to the agents'
insistence on carrying heavy weapons, they said.

But Mr. O'Neill has many admirers. Barry W. Mawn, assistant director of the
F.B.I. in charge of the New York office, said that Mr. O'Neill was a tireless
worker and had his "complete confidence" since Mr. Mawn took over the office
last year.

"John is recognized worldwide as probably one of the best in conducting both
counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations," Mr. Mawn said.

James K. Kallstrom, the head of the New York office in the mid-1990's, said that
Mr. O'Neill "has been a major force for the public safety of the United States
and the security of the United States for over two decades."

Like a number of Mr. O'Neill's friends and supporters, Mr. Kallstrom made clear
that he thought Mr. O'Neill had been the victim of a smear campaign by people
seeking to damage his reputation, perhaps because he was being mentioned for a
national security job at the White House, a job he apparently never sought.

"The notion that individuals in public service or anywhere else are absolutely
perfect human beings who never have a fault or lapse of memory or never make a
mistake is a standard that no one should be held to," Mr. Kallstrom said.

Mary Jo White, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York,
praised Mr. O'Neill in a statement Friday as "one of the unsung heroes in our
nation's efforts to combat terrorism in the United States and around the world."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 27, 2005, Friday

PENTAGON ADMITS FIVE ACTS OF 'MISHANDLING' THE KORAN

BYLINE: BY RUPERT CORNWELL IN WASHINGTON

SECTION: Final Edition; FOREIGN NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 486 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Riots erupted in Karachi at reported desecration of the Koran AAMIR QURESHI/AFP


The Pentagon admitted last night it had substantiated five occasions when US
military personnel at Guantanamo Bay prison 'mishandled' the Koran of Muslim
detainees. But it said it found no credible evidence to confirm a complaint that
the Islamic holy book had been flushed down a toilet.

Jay W Hood, the one-star general who commands the detention centre for suspected
terrorists on Cuba, refused to give details of the cases of mishandling, saying
the incidents, which occurred early in the camp's existence, were still under
investigation. That they could be 'broadly defined' as mishandling was as far as
he would go.

But he told a press conference that a prisoner who reportedly complained to an
FBI agent that a military guard had thrown a Koran into a toilet told Brig-Gen
Hood's team that he had only been told of the incident, and had never witnessed
any form of desecration at first hand.

The admission by the military is the latest twist in an affair which began with
a claim in the 9 May issue of Newsweek magazine that a Pentagon internal report
had concluded that a Koran had been flushed in a toilet, as alleged by several
detainees after their release from Guantanamo Bay.

The report contributed to riots in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and was then
challenged by the Bush adminstration. After checking with the unnamed official
who gave the tip, the magazine acknowledged the report was mistaken. It formally
retracted the story in much embarrassment, but not before more damage had been
inflicted on the tattered reputation of the US across the Islamic world.

However, controversy flared again with the publication of FBI documents on
Wednesday, recording further allegations from detainees that the Koran had been
desecrated. Last night's appearance by Brig-Gen Hood was in response to these
documents, unearthed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), which
campaigns against prison abuse.

'I'd like you to know that we have found no credible evidence that a member of
the Joint Task Force at Guantanamo Bay ever flushed a Koran down a toilet,'
Brig-Gen Hood said. But 13 incidents of alleged mishandling of the Koran had
been identified. Of the alleged incidents, five were substantiated, he said.

Nonetheless, his account is likely only to fuel controversy over the base,
described this week by Amnesty International as a 'Gulag'. It may also partly
restore the reputation of Newsweek, after its scolding by the White House and
Pentagon. It increasingly seems the magazine, while slipping up over an
important detail, was correct in the broad picture it presented of Guantanamo
Bay.

n The Senate delayed confirming John Bolton last night as President Bush's
nominee to be the US ambassador to the UN. Republican supporters of Mr Bolton
failed to secure the 60 votes needed to end floor debate. Mr Bolton is, however,
likely to be confirmed early next month.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Independent Print Ltd


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 27, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Va. Lawyer Suspended For Mishandling Practice;
Effect on 2 Slaying Cases Is Unclear

BYLINE: Tom Jackman and Josh White, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 610 words


A Herndon lawyer who represented a drug dealer in a recent capital murder trial
in Prince William County and is now representing an Oakton teenager accused of
killing his parents has been suspended from practicing law for 21/2 years for
repeatedly mishandling the cases of other clients.

John H. Partridge, 35, heads a five-lawyer firm that handles all types of legal
matters and advertises its services on the back cover of the Northern Virginia
white pages phone directory. Last year, Partridge represented Justin M. Wolfe,
the 22-year-old Chantilly drug dealer accused of ordering the murder of one of
his associates. Wolfe was convicted of capital murder and sentenced to death.

Marvin Miller, the lawyer handling Wolfe's appeal, said yesterday that he is
unsure how Partridge's suspension would affect Wolfe's case but said he hopes it
will help. Last month, Wolfe lost an appeal to the Virginia Supreme Court, and
Miller said he plans to file a reconsideration motion tomorrow.

"I think that a harder-fought case and perhaps a bit more legal experience may
have yielded a different result" at Wolfe's trial, Miller said, adding that any
claim of ineffective counsel would have to be raised on the federal level. "This
boy doesn't deserve the death penalty, so we're going to go after anything that
might work."

While Partridge was handling Wolfe's case, complaints against him were piling up
at the Virginia State Bar. Ten complaints -- for mishandling funds and failing
to perform work for his clients -- were found to be substantiated, and last week
Partridge agreed to surrender his law license for 30 months, effective May 1.

In one instance, a man paid Partridge $ 4,000 to represent him in a possible
divorce. When the couple later reconciled, Partridge declined to refund the
man's money, according to state records and the man involved. In another case, a
woman who paid Partridge $ 5,000 to file a discrimination suit said that he
performed shoddy work, dismissed her suit when she was about to be awarded
damages and then never re-filed it.

In an agreement entered last week, Partridge acknowledged that he repeatedly
took payments from clients and failed to place them in trust accounts, in
violation of state rules.

Yesterday, Partridge attributed his difficulties to "office management
problems," adding: "It's an embarrassing thing. But it's good for everyone
involved, and I think I need to take a break from the practice of law. I'm a
little burned out."

As part of his discipline, Partridge agreed to make restitution to the clients
whose money he kept. And if he chooses to practice law again after his
suspension expires, he must promptly hire a law office management consultant to
monitor his practice for two years.

Partridge said yesterday that his office problems did not affect his defense of
Wolfe.

Partridge is currently the attorney of record for Joshua P. Cooke, a 19-year-old
Oakton resident charged with fatally shooting his parents in their home last
month. The day after Partridge submitted the agreement to the state bar, he
represented Cooke at a preliminary hearing in Fairfax Juvenile and Domestic
Relations Court. Bar officials said this was not a problem because Partridge's
suspension doesn't take effect until May.

Partridge was appointed by the Fairfax County court to represent Cooke, whose
case will now be handled by Rachel M. Fierro, a 28-year-old associate who
assisted Partridge on the Wolfe case. Partridge said Commonwealth's Attorney
Robert F. Horan Jr. told him after the preliminary hearing that Cooke would not
face capital murder charges.

Horan did not return a phone call seeking comment yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday

A3 Rail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 446 words


FYI

Stay updated Visitwww.pantagraph.com for the latest news.

Today

Story hour; 10 to 10:40 a.m., Gridley Library.

Who gets the money?; 10 a.m. to noon, McLean County Extension Office, 402 N.
Hershey Road, Bloomington; (309) 663-8306.

Eureka Rotary Club; noon, Eureka College Cerf Center, Eureka; speaker: Sheriff
Jim Pierceall, about the 911 system of Woodford County; lunch $6.50; (309)
467-2247.

Catch the Wave of Ornamental Grasses; 1 p.m. today and 7 p.m. Feb. 26; McLean
County Extension Office, 402 N. Hershey Road, Bloomington; $5; (309) 663-8306.

Walk-in Medicare insurance counseling; 1 to 2 p.m., Normal Township Community
Activity Center, One Normal Plaza, Normal; YWCA Senior Services; (309) 454-1451.

Musicians From the Silk Road Concert; 8 p.m., ISU Kemp Recital Hall; student
musicians from around world.

State watch

Ex-schools chief guilty of mishandling abuse

URBANA (AP) - A former central Illinois school superintendent has been sentenced
to 18 months of court supervision for mishandling allegations that a teacher was
sexually abusing students.

Gene Amberg was also fined $2,000 and ordered to perform 100 hours of community
service during a Champaign County bench trial Monday.

Judge John Kennedy found there was evidence that Amberg failed to report the
allegations against teacher Jon White to the Department of Children and Family
Services.

Amberg won't have a conviction on his record if he completes supervision.

He's retired from the Urbana school district and now teaches at the University
of Illinois.

White is serving a 60-year prison term after admitting he sexually abused young
girls in Urbana and Normal schools.

Daily digest

Juvenile justice program postponed

BLOOMINGTON - A program on juvenile justice sponsored by the League of Women
Voters and the American Civil Liberties Union has been postponed.

"Juvenile Justice: Is it working?" was to take place today. It has been
rescheduled for 7 p.m. March 3 at the Normal Public Library Community Room.--The
program remains the same.

Quotable

"I am confident<@02 Breaker Text light>that Normal West students and staff were
always safe throughout this situation and that we have and will continue to
maintain a safe school."

Tom Eder

Normal Community West High School principal, in a message to parents about a
student who left a threatening message at the school last week

Wednesday

Who won?

See the winners of primary races, including those for key jobs in Bloomington,
Lincoln and Pontiac.In Local.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Bulletin

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                           February 28, 2006 Tuesday

Airlines' bag-handling nose-dived in 2005, report finds

BYLINE: Chuck Chiang, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Feb. 28--The verdict is in: 2005 was the worst year for air travelers' luggage
in 15 years.

A U.S. Department of Transportation report cited 6.04 complaints of airlines
mishandling passenger luggage per 1,000 travelers, the highest rate since 1990.

The picture contrasts sharply with the 10-year low in 2002, when only 3.84
complaints were filed per 1,000 passengers.

"These numbers include all reports filed with the larger U.S. passenger
airlines," said Transportation Department spokesman Bill Mosley. "This includes
bags that are lost, delayed, damaged or pilfered."

No specific numbers are available for Central Oregon, although the two airlines
operating out of Redmond Airport, Horizon Air and SkyWest Airlines, said
complaints were minimal. SkyWest flies as Delta Connection and United Express.

"It's one of the best in our system (in handling luggage)," SkyWest spokeswoman
Marissa Snow said of Redmond Airport. "In terms of numbers of complaints,
Bend-Redmond looks very good."

Horizon spokeswoman Jen McSkimming said mishandling luggage isn't a big problem
for her company, which recorded 3.3 complaints per 1,000 passengers.

"We're well below the national average," McSkimming said. "And that number
includes voluntary separation (customers opting for earlier flights after
checking in) and delays related to the Transportation Security Administration."

SkyWest recorded 13.72 complaints per 1,000 passengers.

TSA security measures implemented last year have been blamed by some as a cause
for the increased delays in luggage inspection. The new measures include use of
explosives-detecting "trace portal" devices that monitor air particles around
the luggage for hazardous materials.

"We're not responsible for the baggage at all times anymore," McSkimming said.
"If your bag doesn't get through (TSA) security before boarding, your bag
doesn't get on the plane. We can't stress enough that your person may get
through security in 15 minutes, but your bag could take up to 1 1/2 hours."

Passengers, therefore, should arrive at the airport at least 90 minutes before
departure, she added.

SkyWest's Snow agreed, adding that it's also smart for travelers to fly with
lighter luggage to prevent further delays and potential penalties of $25 or
more.

"You never want to bring anything that weighs 50 pounds, or anything close to
that weight," Snow said. "Even if (Redmond) isn't a hub, your luggage could
still be delayed."

Travelers at Redmond Airport had mixed reactions when asked about airline
baggage-handling experiences.

Bend resident Ira Fefferman, who flies twice a month, was surprised by the large
number of complaints.

"In my experience, the airlines go out of the way to get you your stuff back,"
Fefferman said, adding that he has rarely had baggage problems.

"They really track the bags they handle. I've flown to Israel and Europe and
I've never had a problem."

Others were less complimentary.

San Diego-based attorney Marisa Livesay hasn't had problems with airlines, but
cited a time when TSA inspectors opened a wrapped toy box she brought as a
present for a young relative.

"They opened it and tore it up," Livesay said. "It didn't bother (the child),
but it bothered me."

Doug Ritchie, an information technology director at a local clinic who travels
often between his homes in Bend and Seattle, has had numerous problems with lost
bags.

"It happens every other time I travel," Ritchie said. "They screw you both ways.
You can't take (the bags) on the flight with you, and when you check them in,
they lose (them)."

Ritchie said he has yet to lose any luggage outright, but has been separated
from his bags for up to five days.

Arriving in Redmond from Seattle on Thursday, his bag was missing from the
conveyor belt for 30 minutes before it was located.

"It was a nonstop flight; there's no reason for it not to be here," Ritchie said
while looking for the bag. "I was there (at Seattle-Tacoma International
Airport) an-hour-and-a-half before the flight, (and) I checked my bags a full
hour before takeoff.

"Airlines should get their business right," he said.

To see more of The Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bendbulletin.com Copyright (c) 2006, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060228-BB-AIRLINES-BAGGAGE-20060228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                          Copyright 2006 The Bulletin


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                             June 4, 2005 Saturday

Pentagon confirms soldiers abused

BYLINE: Robert Burns

SECTION: NATION/WORLD

LENGTH: 971 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Quran

The Pentagon yesterday released new details about mishandling of the Quran at
the Guantanamo Bay prison for terror suspects, confirming that a soldier
deliberately kicked the Muslim holy book and that an interrogator stepped on a
Quran and was later fired for "a pattern of unacceptable behavior."

In other confirmed incidents, a guard's urine came through an air vent and
splashed on a detainee and his Quran; water balloons thrown by prison guards
caused an unspecified number of Qurans to get wet; and in a confirmed but
ambiguous case, a two-word obscenity was written in English on the inside cover
of a Quran.

The findings, released after normal business hours last night, are among the
results of an investigation last month by Brig. Gen. Jay Hood, the commander of
the detention center in Cuba, that was triggered by a Newsweek magazine report
-later retracted - that a U.S. soldier had flushed one Guantanamo Bay detainee's
Quran down a toilet.

The story stirred worldwide controversy and the Bush administration blamed it
for deadly demonstrations in Afghanistan.

Hood said in a written statement released last night, along with the new
details, that his investigation "revealed a consistent, documented policy of
respectful handling of the Quran dating back almost 212 years."

A spokesman for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, Lawrence Di Rita, did not
address the confirmed incidents of mishandling the Muslim holy book. Reached
while traveling with Rumsfeld in Asia, Di Rita said that U.S. Southern Command
policy calls for "serious, respectful and appropriate" handling of the Quran.

"The Hood inquiry would appear to affirm that policy," Di Rita said.

Hood said that of nine mishandling cases that were studied in detail by
reviewing thousands of pages of written records, five were confirmed to have
happened. He could not determine conclusively whether the four others took
place.

In one of those four unconfirmed cases, a detainee in April 2003 complained to
FBI and other interrogators that guards "constantly defile the Quran." The
detainee alleged that in one instance a female military guard threw a Quran into
a bag of wet towels to anger another detainee, and he also alleged that another
guard said the Quran belonged in the toilet and that guards were ordered to do
these things.

Hood said he found no other record of this detainee mentioning any Quran
mishandling. The detainee has since been released.

In the most recent confirmed case, Hood said a detainee complained on March 25,
2005, of urine splashing on him and his Quran. An unidentified guard admitted at
the time that "he was at fault," the Hood report said, although it did not say
whether the act was deliberate. The guard's supervisor reprimanded him and
assigned him to gate guard duty, where he had no contact with detainees for the
remainder of his assignment at Guantanamo Bay.

As described in the Hood report, the guard had left his observation post and
went outside to urinate. He urinated near an air vent and the wind blew his
urine through the vent into the cell block. The incident was not further
explained.

In another of the confirmed cases, a contract interrogator stepped on a
detainee's Quran in July 2003 and then apologized. "The interrogator was later
terminated for a pattern of unacceptable behavior, an inability to follow direct
guidance and poor leadership," the Hood report said.

Hood also said his investigation found 15 cases of detainees mishandling their
own Qurans. "These included using a Quran as a pillow, ripping pages out of the
Quran, attempting to flush a Quran down the toilet and urinating on the Quran,"
Hood's report said. It offered no possible explanation for those alleged abuses.

In the most recent of those 15 cases, a detainee on Feb. 18, 2005, allegedly
ripped up his Quran and handed it to a guard, stating that he had given up on
being a Muslim. Several of the guards witnessed this, Hood reported.

Last week, Hood disclosed that he had confirmed five cases of mishandling of the
Quran, but he refused to provide details. Allegations of Quran desecration at
Guantanamo Bay have led to anti-American passions in many Muslim nations,
although Pentagon officials have insisted that the problems were relatively
minor and that U.S. commanders have gone to great lengths to enable detainees to
practice their religion in captivity.

Hood said last week that he found no credible evidence that a Quran was ever
flushed down a toilet. He said a prisoner who was reported to have complained to
an FBI agent in 2002 that a military guard threw a Quran in the toilet has since
told Hood's investigators that he never witnessed any form of Quran desecration.

Other prisoners who were returned to their home countries after serving time at
Guantanamo Bay as terror suspects have alleged Quran desecration by U.S. guards,
and some have said a Quran was placed in a toilet.

There are about 540 detainees at Guantanamo Bay. Some have been there more than
three years without being charged with a crime. Most were captured on the
battlefields of Afghanistan in 2001 and 2002 and were sent to Guantanamo Bay in
hope of extracting useful intelligence about the al-Qaida terrorist network.

Both President Bush and Rumsfeld have denounced an Amnesty International report
that called the U.S. detention center at Guantanamo Bay "the gulag of our time."

The president told reporters at a press conference on Tuesday that the report by
the human-rights group was "absurd."

On Wednesday, Rumsfeld called the characterization "reprehensible" and said the
U.S. military had taken care to ensure that detainees were free to practice
their religion. However, he also acknowledged that some detainees had been
mistreated, even "grievously" at times.

Copyright and permissions

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             April 20, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Gonzales refuses to be dismissed

BYLINE: Rebecca Carr and Ken Herman WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 705 words


WASHINGTON - U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales struggled to defend his
credibility and keep his job Thursday in the face of growing bipartisan
criticism and a new call for his resignation from a Republican senator.

''Mistakes have consequences,'' Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., told Gonzales at a
Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on the firing of eight federal prosecutors
last year. ''The best way to put this behind us is your resignation.''

A defiant Gonzales told the panel that he did nothing improper in the firings
and could still be an effective attorney general. But he apologized multiple
times for mishandling the dismissals.

''The moment I believe I can no longer be effective, I will resign as attorney
general," Gonzales said.

The White House stood by Gonzales, but the daylong hearing was marked by tough
questions from both Democrats and Republicans. Gonzales frustrated lawmakers by
saying more than 70 times that he couldn't recall or remember specifics of
conversations.

Protesters wore placards calling for Gonzales to resign. They interrupted the
testimony, chanting ''resign" and, in a reference to the treatment of terror
suspects, ''torture."

Republicans and Democrats raised concerns that Gonzales has tarnished the
Justice Department by mishandling the firing of the prosecutors. They produced
documents and testimony from other Justice Department officials indicating that
Gonzales was far more involved in the dismissals than he had stated.

Both the House and Senate Judiciary committees are investigating whether the
prosecutors were fired to squelch political corruption investigations or as
retaliation for not pursuing cases with political overtones.

''The Department of Justice is experiencing a crisis of leadership perhaps
unrivaled during its 137-year history,'' said Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt. ''There
is the growing scandal swirling around the dismissal and replacement of several
prosecutors and persistent efforts to undermine and marginalize career
lawyers.''

Even if nothing illegal transpired, most Republican senators on the panel said
Gonzales has given the appearance that something wrong happened by repeatedly
changing his story.

''I think it has hurt the department,'' said Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., a
former U.S. attorney who is considered an ally of the White House. He told The
Associated Press later Thursday that the Justice Department might be better
served with new leadership.

Senators presented evidence from Justice Department documents and from testimony
by two senior department officials that Gonzales participated in discussions
about at least three of the fired prosecutors: Carol Lam in San Diego, Bud
Cummins in Little Rock, Ark., and David Iglesias in New Mexico.

In Iglesias' case, Gonzales recalled an Oct. 11 conversation with President Bush
and White House political adviser Karl Rove about voter fraud concerns during
which the prosecutor's name came up.

''I now understand that there was a conversation between myself and the
president,'' Gonzales said.

Sen. Herbert Kohl, D-Wis., asked the attorney general to explain why he should
be allowed to stay in office given the "taint of politics trumping justice"
under his tenure.

"I have admitted mistakes in managing this issue," Gonzales said. "But the
department . . . has not been mismanaged. We've done great things."

Gonzales said he has improved security to guard against terrorists, cracked down
on gangs and shielded children against predators.

Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, a longtime friend of Gonzales', said he thought the
firings were handled in a ''deplorable'' way.

''You say that the process was flawed and you made mistakes in managing it,''
Cornyn said. ''How should you and the department have conducted this process, if
at all?''

Gonzales said he would have asked his deputy attorney general to be more
involved.

The White House said Bush was "pleased with the attorney general's testimony
today."

"After hours of testimony in which he answered all of the senators' questions
and provided thousands of pages of documents, he again showed that nothing
improper occurred," said Bush spokeswoman Dana Perino, who added that Gonzales
retained "the full confidence of the president."

rcarrcoxnews@com

kherman@coxnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Trustee accused of mishandling funds

BYLINE: Diane Raver, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 270 words


Jan. 05--A former Franklin County township trustee is accused of
misappropriating taxpayer money, according to an audit released by the State
Board of Accounts in December.

Britney Ison, who served as Brookville Township trustee from Feb. 3, 2012-Dec.
31, 2014, received $22,820 in 2013 and $21,800 in 2014 for salary and office
rent. However, the township board approved budget per year for those two years
included a trustee salary of $11,000 and office rent of $4,800, the document
stated.

In addition, she did not provide documentation for travel reimbursements and
other expenses and purchased items not allowed, including bundled telephone,
Internet and cable television services. Ison also used public funds to purchase
ink for a personal computer. These items totaled thousands of dollars, the audit
revealed.

The investigation also noted that in May 2014, the township was charged $64 in
bank overdraft and balancing fees.

The State Board of Accounts requested Ison repay $16,918.

Agency officials also commented the township lacks oversight of its financial
activity because the trustee serves as the township executive and fiscal
officer.

The audit was forwarded to the Franklin County Prosecutor's Office.

Will Ison face criminal charges? On Dec. 30, Chris Huerkamp, chief deputy
prosecuting attorney, said the case is still under investigation.

Diane Raver can be contacted at debbie.blank@batesvilleheraldtribune.com or
812-934-4343, Ext. 114.

___ (c)2016 The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Ind.) Visit The Herald-Tribune
(Batesville, Ind.) at www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160105-HZ-Trustee-accused-of-mishandling-funds-0105-20160105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Herald-Tribune


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Presidential candidates mishandling right of press

BYLINE: The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 280 words


July 20--If you love America and all its amazing freedoms, likely, you
appreciate most the First Amendment.

The simple law serves a crucial underpinning of our nation:

Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of
the press; or the right of people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the
government for a redress of grievances.

Sadly, both of the likely presidential nominees have taken a unique approach
regarding the press.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has banned journalists from more
than a dozen publications from attending his campaign rallies.

His rationale, it seems, is that if he doesn't "approve" of the publication, he
simply shuts them out. That's a scary tactic for someone who may soon wield
incredible global power.

On the other side of the political fence, presumptive Democratic presidential
nominee Hillary Clinton is not handling tough reporters much better.

She simply rations her access to reporters, presumably because she doesn't want
to face tough questioning.

Both approaches drastically reduce the public's access to candidates and put our
democracy -- and the independent journalists who for more than 240 years have
protected it -- at peril.

What's worse is that many state and local elected officials may take cues from
the new president's handling of the media.

If candidates cannot handle tough, independent questioning, they have no
business seeking to lead our nation.

___ (c)2016 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160720-YY-EDITORIAL-Presidential-candidates-mishandling
-right-of-press-0720-20160720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2016 The Natchez Democrat


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

PUBLIC FORUM

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 604 words


Vote no on parcel tax

Re "No confidence" (Editorial, Feb. 18):

The editorial recommended a "no" vote on the proposed "just one more last time"
parcel tax hike. I agree. Giving more money to the government is like trying to
convert a tiger to a vegetarian by feeding it meat.

- TOM REILLY

Thousand Oaks

A property tax in disguise

Re "LAUSD puts parcel tax up for June vote" (Feb. 17):

Why call it a parcel tax? I bet most people don't know what a parcel tax is.
Wake up! It's a property tax and thank goodness for Prop. 13. Why do our elected
officials think a property tax is fair? Property owners should not be the only
ones to pay. The only fair tax is a tax that taxes everyone. Thus the sales tax.
I'm tired of paying for LAUSD's mishandling of expenses and wanting everyone to
pay for it!

- KATHLEEN DUDLEY

Northridge

Living on a fixed income

Re "No Confidence" (Editorial, Feb. 18):

Here we go again. It's always the people who own property, whether you are
elderly and on a fixed income or not, to pay up for LAUSD's mishandling of money
and not standing up to the unions and saying "enough." Times are hard enough for
those of us on fixed incomes to keep paying more to an organization that cannot
manage a budget. If we have to pay more, then let them raise the sales tax and
that will affect everybody, not just those of us that are just getting by on a
fixed income. Another suggestion: Everybody at LAUSD take a 10 percent salary
cut instead of just lower salaried nonunion employees.

- DONALD JOLLIFF

Van Nuys

Against gays in the military

President Obama's decision to overturn the current ban on homosexual activity in
the military is a dangerous shift in law and policy at a time in which we are in
the middle of two wars. Forcing the members of our military to be used as a
laboratory of social experimentation (to pay off a political debt to the
homosexual lobby) commander-in-chief. Our military exists to fight and win wars,
not to engage in radical social re-engineering. Forcing our soldiers to cohabit
with people who view them as sexual objects would inevitably lead to increased
sexual tension, sexual harassment, and even sexual assault.

- GARY CURTIS

Van Nuys

Who will get the pink slips?

How many of the city workers that get laid off will be from the bloated city
hall staff that still drive home in city cars, using city gas, using city cell
phones, city credit cards, etc.?

- STEVE BEACH

Reseda

Redundant workers?

If after eliminating 4,000 positions, the city of Los Angeles would be still
able to function, why were these workers/positions even created in the first
place?

JULIAN T. NGUYEN

Reseda

Blame it on the union

Re "Villaraigosa eliminates two city divisions" (Feb. 20):

Our mayor says that if city unions would agree to a 15 percent pay cut by city
employees, job cuts would be softened and the savings to the city would total
$450 million. "If we got that, we could find the other $35 million we need to
balance the budget."

Doesn't this bring back memories of the old movies from the 50s and 60s, where
the Mafia strongmen roughed up the longshoremen to get them to pay up or they
would lose their jobs?

Today the roughing up is done through the unions, but the message is still the
same, "Ya pay up or ya not gonna wok here no mor."

- ELOY L. MENDOZA

Pacoima

But the benefits are great

Re "Low-paid teachers" (Letters, Feb. 9):

Mr. Cortines listed the generous benefits that the teachers receive, but he did
not mention the most generous of all: Teachers work only 180 days per year,
while the rest of the work force works an average of 245 days per year. For the
teacher, that's only 73 percent.

- W.R. MATTHEWS

West Hills

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Wanted: West Valley City police chief who can restore public trust

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 809 words


Somewhere among the 36 applicants for top cop, West Valley City officials hope
to find the candidate who can rebuild grass-roots confidence in a police
department battered by scandal.

The qualifications they want in a police chief range from at least a decade of
experience to a focus on ethics to strong communication skills.

"Our expectation is if they're hired by us, they are to restore public trust,"
Assistant City Manager Paul Isaac said.

And with several members of the West Valley force applying for the job, city
administrators will have to grapple with the question of whether to move up an
officer from the ranks or hire from the outside.

An internal candidate can restore trust, even if an entire department is
tainted, though it would be harder, according to Darrel Stephens, executive
director of Major Cities Chiefs Association, an organization representing the
largest cities in the United States and Canada.

"The job requires someone with the energy and expertise required to turn things
around," Stephens said. "These are not the type of situations where one learns
how to be a police chief. It helps to have had that experience, which obviously
pushes you to an outside candidate."

He also said an effective chief must have a reputation for integrity, good
communication skills, a vision for policing the community and the willingness to
listen to criticism.

Other experts in policing agree that a track record of strong, ethical
leadership is key.

Chuck Wexler, executive director of the Police Executive Research Forum in
Washington, D.C., said a new chief will need to investigate any situation that
arises and implement changes.

"The public needs to know what happened and what the chief will do about it," he
said.

And Isaac said West Valley's ideal candidate also will be able to boost the
morale of the department's cops.

The new hire will face a difficult task. The West Valley City Police Department
has been under fire for the alleged actions of its Neighborhood Narcotics Unit
-- the subject of investigations into accusations of corruption and evidence
mishandling -- that prompted prosecutors to throw out dozens of cases.

The department also has been criticized for its handling of the unsolved 2009
disappearance of Susan Powell and the fatal shooting in November of Danielle
Willard by plainclothes police detectives during an alleged drug bust.

The job opened up with the March retirement of Chief Thayle "Buzz" Nielsen, who
cited medical reasons for his departure. The three dozen men and women who
applied come from Alaska to Florida and points in between -- including several
Utah cities, Isaac said.

The annual salary will be between $90,000 to $120,000, depending on the top
pick's experience, plus benefits.

City administrators used Skype to conduct preliminary interviews and asked each
candidate to make a video presentation on why a police chief has the inherent
responsibility to instill public trust, using a May 27 editorial in The Salt
Lake Tribune as a starting point. The staff editorial, "Losing our trust,"
discusses the erosion of faith in the nation's justice system.

Isaac said the candidates' demeanor, as well as the answer itself, were
evaluated and the field has been narrowed to nine finalists, who underwent
background checks and will come to West Valley City next week for further
interviewing.

The finalists will take part in role-playing scenarios, such as being grilled by
a reporter. Three or so of them will have one-on-one interviews with City
Manager Wayne Pyle, who will appoint a new chief with the consent of the West
Valley City Council. The city wants to have the position filled by Aug. 1.

"This is going to be a very strategic process," Isaac said. "Whoever we hire is
going to be vetted properly."

James McLaughlin, executive director and general counsel of the Texas Police
Chiefs Association, said the job could be a good opportunity for a candidate who
has the backing of the city.

However, if there are different visions for the department or nitpicking over
how things are done, a new chief could run into trouble, he said.

"You can hire the best person, but if that person does not have the support of
elected officials, then he or she is doomed to fail," McLaughlin said.

Mayor Mike Winder said he would like the new chief to be hands-on and able to
identify problems early on.

"A new chief will bring different experiences, a fresh perspective, and a new
tone to the department," Winder said. "We need that right now."

pmanson@sltrib.com

Twitter: @PamelaMansonSLC Alt Heads:

Wanted: A new West Valley City police chief who can restore public trust By the
numbers

The West Valley City Police Department has a staff of four deputy chiefs, 11
lieutenants, 18 sergeants, an additional 156 sworn officers and 45 civilian
employees. It operates on an annual budget of $20 million.

Source: West Valley City

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: City manager Wayne Pyle speaks during a press conference Friday April
12, 2013. Also pictured are Acting Chief Anita Schwemmer and Deputy Police Chief
Mike Powell. City manager Wayne Pyle announced Friday that an internal audit of
the police department's now-disbanded narcotics unit unearthed a number of
problems, including mishandling of evidence, booking evidence without
documentation -- as well as the possibility of missing drugs and money.
City manager Wayne Pyle speaks during a press conference Friday April 12, 2013.
Also pictured are Acting Chief Anita Schwemmer and Deputy Police Chief Mike
Powell. City manager Wayne Pyle announced Friday that an internal audit of the
police department's now-disbanded narcotics unit unearthed a number of problems,
including mishandling of evidence, booking evidence without documentation -- as
well as the possibility of missing drugs and money.
City Manager Wayne Pyle speaks during a press conference Friday April 12, 2013.
Also pictured are Acting Chief Anita Schwemmer and Deputy Police Chief Mike
Powell. Pyle announced Friday that an internal audit of the police department's
now-disbanded narcotics unit unearthed a number of problems, including
mishandling of evidence, booking evidence without documentation -- as well as
the possibility of missing drugs and money.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sunday Herald (Glasgow)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

The dire consequences of our diplomatic ineptitude

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 472 words


DAVID Pratt's despair at the ineptitude of the West's politicians in their
mishandling of the conflict in Syria is understandable (Russia v the West: the
Cold War that's starting to turn hot, News, October 16). The hurrahs, applause
and standing ovation for Hilary Benn as he presented himself as
cheerleader-in-chief for the UK bombing of Syria seems a distant bad memory.

The apparent ineptitude of the USA and its British lapdog in their mishandling
of the situation in that blighted country is so staggering that one has to
wonder if there is an another agenda at work. War with Russia?

Unthinkable as that is to rational minds, it appears a credible scenario when
one listens to the insane comments issuing from some politicians and military
sources in the US, while we have UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson doing his
best Billy Bunter impression tweaking the nose of big boy Putin in the
playground, all the while hoping his pal the American Secretary of State will
defend him. Now we know why Ruth Davidson is seen so often on her battle tank -
she is obviously in the loop.

James Mills

Johnstone

THE letter from Jan Pietrasik shows naivety concerning the actions of Russia
under the dominance of Vladimir Putin (Look what the West has done, Letters,
October 16). Russia played "The Great Game" as enthusiastically as Great Britain
in Victorian times, in Afghanistan, Persia and the Caspian Sea area under
Czarist rule. Under the Soviet Union, a large chunk of Finland's Karelia was
grabbed and incorporated into the Soviet state, as were Estonia, Latvia and
Lithuania, which regained their freedom under Boris Yeltsin. East Prussia was
stolen from Germany, "ethnically cleansed" and renamed Kaliningrad Oblast. The
Kuril Islands were never returned to Japan after the Second World War.Chechnya's
bid for independence was brutally stamped out by Putin.

Putin's regime is now back to grabbing back chunks of independent states on its
periphery, like parts of Georgia and Crimea. Trouble is being fomented in
eastern Ukraine and in the Trans-Dniestria area of Moldova.

Although "the West" has been involved in various unwise Middle Eastern
adventures, bringing death and destruction in their wake (possibly in pursuit of
oil security), there has been no attempt to steal the lands of other countries.
The destruction wrought in Syria has been made worse by Russian involvement, not
better.

My personal view is that we should never have embarked on the wars in Iraq,
Afghanistan, Syria and Libya. Peace is a difficult course to pursue but that is
what we should be doing. I trust that would be the policy of an independent
Scotland, always with the proviso that we must be prepared to defend ourselves.
We must (to paraphrase John Philpot Curran) remember that "the price of liberty
is eternal vigilance".

Andrew McCrae

Gourock

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SHE


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 17, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

3 STATES CHARGED WITH VIOLATING ASBESTOS RULES

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 753 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 16


The Justice Department today charged three states, Conrail, a New Jersey school
district and other defendants with violating Federal standards for the handling
of asbestos, a cancer-causing air pollutant.

The defendants were accused of mishandling asbestos in the renovation and
demolition of buildings.

If inhaled, asbestos can cause lung cancer and other serious ailments.

The defendants included the States of Florida, Washington and Idaho and the
Board of Education in Franklin Borough, N.J., which was accused of failing to
keep asbestos materials wet in a renovation of the Franklin Elementary School.
Under Federal rules, asbestos must be kept wet while it is removed from a
building to prevent particles from entering the air. $25,000 Daily Fines Asked
The complaints, filed in Federal courts around the country, asked that the
defendants be enjoined from further violations of the Clean Air Act, which
regulates asbestos use. Prosecutors also asked that the defendants be fined up
to $25,000 for each day of violation. Any fine would be determined after court
hearings, at which the defendants could contest the charges.

''The emission of asbestos from renovation and demolition activity is a national
environmental problem,'' said Assistant Attorney General F. Henry Habicht 2d of
the Justice Department's Land and National Resources Division. ''We hope this
initiative will help inform the public of this problem and prompt greater
voluntary compliance.''

In a written statement, the department said that it had stepped up enforcement
of Federal laws dealing with the handling of asbestos. Similar complaints
against other defendants are expected to be filed shortly, according to the
department.

The Clean Air Act requires that asbestos material must be removed before
renovation or demolition of buildings; must be kept wet at the time of removal
and until collected for disposal, and must be deposited in an approved disposal
site. In the 11 cases announced today, those rules were broken, officials said.

Federal standards require that asbestos, once commonly used in building
construction as an insulating material, be removed from buildings before
demolition work is done. #2 Departments Acted Jointly The cases filed today were
developed jointly by the Justice Department and the Environmental Protection
Agency.

The State of Florida and its Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services
were charged, in a suit brought in Tallahassee, with mishandling asbestos in a
public laundry.

The State of Washington and its Department of Transportation were accused of
permitting visible emissions of asbestos in the renovation of the Coleman Ferry
Terminal in Seattle.

The State of Idaho and Boise State University were charged with permitting
similar emissions in the renovation of a boiler plant at a student housing
facility.

The Ankeny Community School District in Iowa was cited for mishandling asbestos
in its removal from two schools.

In Federal District Court in Philadelphia, Conrail, the Government-owned freight
railroad, and two companies were charged in connection with demolition
activities at the Old Musician's Hall, the Conrail boilerhouse and an unnamed
building, all in Philadelphia.

Four concerns were accused in Denver regarding demolition at a shopping center
in Lakeland, Colo. ---- Jersey Contractor Blamed Dr. Patrick Piegari,
superintendent of schools of Franklin Borough, a suburban-rural community of
4,500 people in the Vernon Valley-Great Gorge area of northern New Jersey, said,
''Essentially my position is that the Atlantic Marine & Industrial Services Inc.
of Metuchen, which removed the asbestos, should be fully responsible for any
infraction.''

Dr. Piegari said the concern had been hired on the basis of its being a
specialist in asbestos removal. He noted that the concern had appeared to take
the necessary precautions in removing asbestos from pipes as part of a major
renovation of the heating and ventilation system in the Franklin Elementery
School in a 10-day period in late June and early-July last year.

An inspector from the Environmental Protection Agency observed the work one day,
Dr. Piegari said. ''He informed me on the way out of the building that there was
an infraction concerning the watering down of the asbestos covering before it
was removed from the pipe,'' Dr. Piegari said.

A telephone call last night to the office of the Atlantic Marine concern was
unanswered and the names of the company's officials were unavailable.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              June 6, 2008 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Obama's Gitmo Delegation

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; EDITORIALS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 567 words


Election 2008: It's fitting that an ex-Muslim chaplain who once insisted there
weren't any terrorists at Gitmo is a delegate for Barack Obama, who's itching to
shut down Gitmo.

James "Yousef" Yee, a former Army Muslim chaplain charged with espionage while
serving at Gitmo, will represent Washington state for Obama at the Democratic
National Convention, where he'll likely have a center-stage speaking role.

The two are a perfect match. Obama promises to not only close Gitmo, but
"reform" the USA Patriot Act. He apparently plans to take those steps in between
tea parties with state sponsors of terror.

Since the Pentagon in 2004 dropped charges against him, Yee has become a poster
boy of the anti-war movement. He's cashed in on his ignominy with a book
claiming he was the target of "sheer bigotry" and was silenced for exposing
"systemic" abuse of prisoners at Gitmo.

One of his biggest boosters in Washington is Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., the
Muslim convert who insisted on taking the oath of office on the Quran. Ellison
is an Obama superdelegate who's been doing advance work for Obama's planned tea
parties in the Middle East.

Last month, he told an Egyptian weekly that Yee's "case was dropped because
there was no case to begin with."

Nice try. Here are the facts:

1. Yee was caught returning to the U.S. with maps of Gitmo prison facilities,
among other classified materials, and was arrested at a U.S. airport.

2. He was charged with espionage, mishandling classified documents and lying to
investigators.

3. He served hard time in a South Carolina stockade.

4. Two of his Muslim cronies at Gitmo were convicted of stealing or mishandling
classified documents.

5. Far from being exonerated, the military dropped charges against him to
protect national security.

Guantanamo commander Maj. Gen. Geoffrey Miller, who originally accused Yee of
spying, explained that there were "national security concerns that would arise
from the release of the evidence" if the case moved to trial.

There's no question that Yee, a captain who converted to Islam, was sympathetic
to al-Qaida and Taliban captives at Gitmo.

At times, in fact, he acted more like a defense attorney for the terrorists. He
complained that guards subjected them to cruel "abuse" and "psychological
torture."

Waterboarding? Electric shock? No, they committed the sadistic act of
mishandling copies of the Quran that Yee had made sure each inmate received.

He also saw to it that each copy of the Quran came with a surgical mask to
cradle the Muslim holy book above ground to keep it safe and clean.

In addition, Yee convinced his superiors to provide the Muslim prisoners with
prayer beads, prayer oils, prayer caps and up to half a dozen books on Islam
from the library, which he stocked with some $26,000 worth of Arabic and English
titles.

Thanks to him, the terrorists have been able to brush up on their jihad as they
await repatriation to Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Pakistan.

But not to worry, Yee says, he didn't see any terrorists there. "It's safe to
say there weren't any prisoners who could be definitely connected to hard-core
terrorism," he recently told BBC Radio.

What's scary is, the Democrat presidential candidate he's supporting seems to
agree with the fairy tale, which is why Obama has also earned the endorsement of
the lawyers for Gitmo detainees.

Maybe they'll get to speak in Denver, too -- an entire Gitmo delegation for
Obama.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Hurd questions FBI chief about Clinton inquiry

BYLINE: By, Aaron Martinez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 827 words


U.S. Rep. Will Hurd was a key player in the House Oversight Committee hearing
Thursday in which the FBI director was questioned about the agency's
investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of a private
email server.

Hurd, a Republican who represents one of the largest geographical districts in
Texas spanning from the edge of El Paso County to the outskirts of San Antonio,
questioned FBI Director James Comey on why the agency did not pursue criminal
charges against Clinton and the precedent the decision sets.

Clinton, who is the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, was under
investigation after it was discovered she used private, unsecured email servers
to discuss classified information during her tenure as secretary of state.

Comey announced Tuesday that while Clinton was "extremely careless" in handling
classified information, the agency would not pursue criminal charges against
her.

The next day, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announced that the
investigation into the email servers was closed.

Republican leaders in the House Oversight Committee called an emergency hearing
to question Comey on the FBI's investigation. The committee, which is comprised
of 25 Republicans and 18 Democrats, was strongly divided on the issue.

The hearing lasted about five hours.

During the hearing, Hurd first addressed the political confrontation between
both parties. He argued that Democrats were not taking the investigation
seriously.

"I am offended. I am offended by my friends on the other side of the political
aisle saying this is political theater. This not political theater," Hurd said.
"For me this is serious. I spent nine and a half years as an undercover officer
in the CIA. I was the guy in the back alleys collecting intelligence, passing it
to lawmakers. I've seen my friends killed. I've seen assets put into harm's way
and this is about protecting information, the most sensitive information the
American government has, and I wish my colleagues would take this more serious."

Hurd then questioned Comey on why no criminal charges were recommended against
Clinton, even though the FBI's investigation found that she mishandled
classified information.

"The former secretary of state (Clinton) had an unauthorized server in her
basement, correct?" Hurd asked Comey.

Comey replied, "Correct."

Hurd followed up by asking, "Who was protecting that information? Who was
protecting that server?"

"Well, not much," Comey answered. "There was a number of different people who
were assigned as administrators of the server."

Hurd continued, "At least seven different email chains or eight that were
classified as TS/SCI (Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information)?"

"Correct," Comey replied.

"So the former secretary of state, one of the president's most important
advisers on foreign policy and national security, had a server in her basement
that had information that was collected from our most sensitive assets and it
was not protected by anyone and that is not a crime?" Hurd asked.

"That is outrageous!" the congressman shouted. "People are concerned. What does
it take for someone to misuse classified information and get in trouble for it?"

Comey answered, "It takes mishandling it and criminal intent."

"So an unauthorized server in the basement is not mishandling it?" Hurd
countered.

"There is evidence of mishandling here," Comey said. "The whole investigation is
again focused on if there is sufficient evidence of intent."

Hurd also questioned Comey on the precedent the outcome of the investigation
could set.

"Did you take any consideration about the impact that this precedent can set on
our ability to collect intelligence overseas?" Hurd asked.

Comey said that his "primary concern is the impact on what other employees might
think in the federal government."

Hurd agreed with that concern and added that if a top official can keep a
private server, perhaps other federal employees would follow suit.

"You don't think this sends a message to other federal employees that if the
former secretary of state can have an unauthorized server in their basement that
transmits top secret information, that that is not a problem?" Hurd asked.

Comey replied, "I worry very much about that. That's why I talked about that in
my statement, because an FBI employee might face severe discipline and I want
them to understand those consequences are still going to be there."

Democratic leaders on the committee stressed their continuing support of Comey
and the outcome of the investigation.

"Amazingly, some Republicans who were praising you just days ago and then
instantly turned against you," U.S. Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Md., said during the
hearing. "In their eyes you had one job and one job only: to prosecute Hillary
Clinton. But you refused to do so. So now you are being summoned here to answer
for your alleged transgressions."

Aaron Martinez may be reached at 546-6249; aamartinez@elpasotimes.com;
@AMartinez31 on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2016 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Parliament House, Red Zone sealed as lawyers' protest intensifies

LENGTH: 149  words


As lawyers protested the alleged mishandling of the F-8 court attack incident on
Islamabad's Constitution Avenue, police closed gates of the Parliament House and
sealed entry and exit routes to the city's Red Zone, media reported on Monday.

The protesting lawyers demanded that cases should be registered against
Islamabad IG and SSP for the alleged mishandling. They also claimed that
compensation money paid to families of the victims was not enough.

The protesters claimed that police statements about the number of assailants
were misleading, and objected to Interior Minister's statement about Judge
Rafaqat Awan being killed by his own guard.

The demonstrators include the F-8 court lawyers and other from the Rawalpindi
Bar Council.

Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz (PML-N) MNA Tariq Fazal Chaudhry along with
Deputy Commissioner (DC) Islamabad met with the protesters to address their
concerns.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Parliament House, Red Zone sealed as lawyers' protest intensifies

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 83

LENGTH: 149  words


As lawyers protested the alleged mishandling of the F-8 court attack incident on
Islamabad's Constitution Avenue, police closed gates of the Parliament House and
sealed entry and exit routes to the city's Red Zone, media reported on Monday.

The protesting lawyers demanded that cases should be registered against
Islamabad IG and SSP for the alleged mishandling. They also claimed that
compensation money paid to families of the victims was not enough.

The protesters claimed that police statements about the number of assailants
were misleading, and objected to Interior Minister's statement about Judge
Rafaqat Awan being killed by his own guard.

The demonstrators include the F-8 court lawyers and other from the Rawalpindi
Bar Council.

Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz (PML-N) MNA Tariq Fazal Chaudhry along with
Deputy Commissioner (DC) Islamabad met with the protesters to address their
concerns.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             March 24, 2014 Monday

Parliament House, Red Zone sealed as lawyers' protest intensifies

SECTION: Vol. VI No. 82

LENGTH: 149  words


As lawyers protested the alleged mishandling of the F-8 court attack incident on
Islamabad's Constitution Avenue, police closed gates of the Parliament House and
sealed entry and exit routes to the city's Red Zone, media reported on Monday.

The protesting lawyers demanded that cases should be registered against
Islamabad IG and SSP for the alleged mishandling. They also claimed that
compensation money paid to families of the victims was not enough.

The protesters claimed that police statements about the number of assailants
were misleading, and objected to Interior Minister's statement about Judge
Rafaqat Awan being killed by his own guard.

The demonstrators include the F-8 court lawyers and other from the Rawalpindi
Bar Council.

Pakistan Muslim League - Nawaz (PML-N) MNA Tariq Fazal Chaudhry along with
Deputy Commissioner (DC) Islamabad met with the protesters to address their
concerns.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 7, 2013 Monday

Vineland police union official admits to mishandling unon funds

BYLINE: Thomas Barlas, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


Jan. 07--A Vineland patrol officer admitted in Superior Court in Bridgeton on
Monday to stealing $40,000 in union funds related to the members of two police
departments, including his own.

Steven R. Buglio pleaded guilty to two counts of theft for incidents that
occurred from 2007 through 2011 from the Police Benevolent Association Local
266, of which he was president, Cumberland County First Assistant Prosecutor
Harold B. Shapiro said.

The plea agreement with the Cumberland County Prosecutor's Office requires
Buglio to make $40,000 worth of restitution to the local, which represents
police officers in Vineland, Cumberland County, and Buena, Atlantic County,
Shapiro said. Buglio must also file new state and federal income tax returns for
the years 2007 through 2011 that reflect the money he took from the union, he
said.

The plea agreement further requires the 37-year-old Buglio to serve a period of
non-custodial probation that will be set at sentencing at between one and five
years, Shapiro said. That period could be extended to make sure that Buglio
meets the tax-filing and restitution requirements, he said.

Buglio further agreed to resign as a member of the Vineland Police Department
and never again work for a law-enforcement agency in New Jersey, Shapiro said.

Vineland Police Chief Timothy Codispoti said his department is awaiting Buglio's
resignation.

Buglio, a Vineland resident, and Vineland Patrol Officer William C. Newman, a
fellow co-defendant, and who lives in Elmer, Salem County, were both suspended
without pay when they were arrested Feb 18.

Buglio worked for the department for eight years at the time of his arrest.
Newman, who was the union's treasurer, had worked for the department for five
years when he was arrested.

Sentencing for Buglio is scheduled for April 19, at which time the plea
agreement calls for two counts of conspiracy to be dropped, Shapiro said.

Officials with the Cumberland County Prosecutor's Office said Newman applied for
pre-trial intervention in September after waiving a grand jury review of the
case against him. Pre-trial intervention is a way for first offenders to have an
offense dropped from their records provided they meet certain conditions that
are acceptable to the court and the prosecution.

Shapiro said Newman's pre-trial intervention request is still under
consideration.

Cumberland County Prosecutor Jennifer Webb-McRae said at the time of the arrests
that the investigation into the missing union money was initiated by Codispoti
and conducted by her office's Professional Standards Unit. She said her office
had the full cooperation of Codispoti and members of his police department.

Also at the time of the arrests, PBA President Anthony Weiners said he had been
contacted by Local 266 members who were concerned about the local's finances.
The concerns were "elevated when information was developed that financial
records were incorrect," he said in the statement.

Criminal complaints released by Webb-McRae's office stated that Buglio and
Newman "failed to make the proper disposition" of the union's funds. The
complaints further stated that Buglio and Newman used the money "as if it was
(their) own."

Weiner said he took the "unusual step" of removing Buglio as the local's
president because of the investigation by the Prosecutor's Office.

Contact Thomas Barlas:

609-226-9197

TBarlas@pressofac.com

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130107-1AC-Vineland-police-union-official-admits-to-mishandling
-unon-funds-0107-20130107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            February 20, 2012 Monday

Fracking unfairly blamed: group; Drilling Related activities the cause of water
contamination, study shows; conservation council disputes findings

BYLINE: Adam Huras Legislature Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 837  words


A new study finds that the controversial practice of hydraulic fracturing is not
to blame for causing groundwater pollution problems, but that other activities
associated with drilling may be instead.

The research by the Energy Institute at the University of Texas, released at an
international science conference wrapping up in Vancouver on Monday, should draw
the attention of New Brunswick's shale gas regulators, says one of Canada's
largest oil and gas industry groups.

Tom Huffaker, the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers' vice-president of
policy and environment, said the study should help allay fears in the province.

He added that it should also help focus regulation on areas that "haven't been
done perfectly" by industry.

The study finds that the controversial and fast-growing energy sector practice
of "fracking" to extract natural gas pockets underground has been unfairly
blamed for the contamination.

But it also does not lend the industry a stamp of approval.

Instead, it finds above-ground spills, leaking drill casings and the mishandling
of wastewater produced by shale gas drilling as potentially responsible for
incidents of groundwater pollution.

It is more likely the flammable water, famously reported by some people living
near some United States fracking operations, is linked to ground spills not
unique to hydraulic fracturing, reads the report.

"This is a very positive and important piece of work," Huffaker said. "It
concludes that hydraulic fracturing is safe and does not impose a significant
risk to groundwater.

"It is also critical of how some things are done; it notes they haven't been
done perfectly. We know we have a real obligation to make sure we get those
things right."

The study, which looked at areas where fracking has taken place in Texas,
Pennsylvania and New York, found that the groundwater contamination often can be
traced to above-ground spills or mishandling of wastewater associated with the
gas extraction process.

Huffaker said that the concerns raised are preventable and that the report
underscores that the practice itself is not detrimental to the environment if
done correctly.

He pointed to British Columbia as having a long and positive record with shale
gas extraction.

"Cumulatively, that should allay people's fears, but they have to make their own
judgments and it is incumbent on us to do things safely," Huffaker said. "We
agree that getting those things right is absolutely critical and the onus is on
us and the industry to dispose of water properly, to build wells properly, and
if we don't do those things right, the study shows that there will be problems."

Natural Resources Minister Bruce Northrup has vowed that stringent changes to
shale gas regulations, monitoring and enforcement will come forward in the
coming months.

Huffaker said this study could help provide a focus.

"Regional governments who are looking at developing their regulatory framework,
this is the kind of material they are hopefully looking at and may provide
information on what is more safe and what is less safe and where their focus
ought to be," he said.

David Coon, executive director of the New Brunswick Conservation Council, said
there needs to be great concern surrounding the industry because there are
several steps in the hydraulic fracturing process that present environmental
risk.

"That is one of things that struck us about this whole shale gas development,"
Coon said. "It's so different from your grandfather's natural gas well that
there are so many different dimensions to it where there are known impacts and
quantifiable risks that include the problems created by the huge volumes of
hazardous waste water that flow back out of the wells. "Every step of the way
there are opportunities for environmental and health damage."

Coon disputed the report's conclusion, citing a study in December by the
Environmental Protection Agency that found groundwater in an aquifer around
Pavillion, Wyoming contained fluids used in hydraulic fracturing.

The aquifer was near where natural gas firm Encana was drilling. "People need to
look at what the experience has been elsewhere and decide whether the risks are
acceptable for New Brunswick," Coon said.

John Herron, president of the Atlantica Centre for Energy, said the report
underscores the role of both industry and government in effectively regulating
shale gas development. "We still have a lot of work to do to engage the public
to earn that social licence to operate," he said.

"We need to make sure that we have prudent regulations and that those
regulations are enforced. "The world is not without risk but at the same time if
the weight of evidence demonstrates that industrial activity has caused
someone's well water to go bad it should not be left to that private citizen to
sue the government or company in order to sort it out and get it right."

He added: "At the end of the day if this sector is going to proceed the public
has to believe that the government has their back with a regulatory framework."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

DOE, CONTRACTOR FINED $50K State cites mishandling of waste at Hanford

BYLINE: Annette Cary Tri-City Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 007

LENGTH: 609 words


The Department of Energy and one of its contractors are being fined $50,000 for
mishandling waste at Hanford's T Plant, according to the Washington state
Department of Ecology, which issued the penalty.

"For everyone's safety, dangerous waste at this nuclear facility must be
properly managed and stored,"  Alex Smith, Ecology's nuclear waste program
manager, said in a statement Tuesday.

The Department of Ecology also ordered the DOE and its contractor, CH2M Hill
Plateau Remediation Co., to obtain detailed analysis of waste before storing it
and to properly maintain records.

The waste included five containers holding leaking batteries, paint chips and
concrete pieces, or grease. All the waste was generated at T Plant, and some of
it came from floor scrapings that had the potential to include low levels of
radioactive contamination.

T Plant was built during World War II to chemically separate plutonium for
weapons use from uranium fuel irradiated at Hanford reactors. It now is used to
store and treat Hanford waste during environmental cleanup of the nuclear
reservation.

"Our records show the contractor did identify and designate all of the waste in
the five containers by November 2015, and we will be inquiring about the
possibility of a miscommunication on at least one of the violations,"  DOE
spokesman Mark Heeter said.

The DOE and its contractor are required to identify the waste before it is  put
into storage, rather than a few days after an inspection, and must have
information available for  inspectors within 24 hours of a request.

The state asked for records several times and based the violations on the
records it received.

The DOE has had trouble following the rules at T Plant in four previous
inspections before the most recent inspection  Nov. 18,  according to state
records.

"Our inspectors have repeatedly cited Energy and its contractors for the same
violations at the T Plant," Smith said. This is the first time the state has
levied a penalty.

The state Department of Ecology has hired two more inspectors since a U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency review in 2013 found the state needed more.

With four inspectors instead of two, it increased the number of inspections it
conducted in 2015 to 61, up from the previous record of 39 inspections in a
year. It plans to hire a fifth inspector.

The state is concerned that if Hanford officials are not following the rules on
simple wastes, like batteries,  they could have more serious issues when  they
handle more hazardous and complex wastes.

Waste is required to be analyzed and correctly labeled before it is stored -
indicating if it is corrosive or can easily catch fire, for example - to keep
workers safe from hazards and ensure the waste is stored correctly.

In past inspections, the state found problems that included drums of soil
contaminated with chemicals and radioactive material stored at T Plant in 2000
without proper labeling or analysis to determine what they contained. Fluor
Hanford was the contractor in charge of T Plant then.

In a January 2015 inspection at T Plant, the state said it found missing and
inconsistent inspection records and an incomplete training plan.

The DOE and CH2M Hill have 30 days to appeal the fine stemming from the November
inspection to the Washington state Pollution Control Hearings Board. DOE
contractors may not use federal environmental cleanup money to pay fines,
according to the Department of Ecology.

The DOE is evaluating the notice from the state, Heeter said. It will be asking
the Department of Ecology for clarification on a few items and discussing
opportunities for improvement in how waste is handled.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Vatican Sets Trial in July for Ex-Envoy to Caribbean

BYLINE: By LAURIE GOODSTEIN; Gaia Pianigiani contributed reporting from Rome.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 603 words


The Vatican announced on Monday that in July it will open a trial of its former
ambassador to the Dominican Republic on charges of sexually abusing boys while
serving in the Caribbean and of possessing child pornography.

The case of the former envoy and archbishop, Jozef Wesolowski, caused an
international scandal when it was learned that the Vatican had secretly recalled
him from Santo Domingo, the Dominican capital, before officials in the Caribbean
nation could investigate. The Vatican said he could not be tried in the
Dominican Republic because he had diplomatic immunity.

Mr. Wesolowski came to the attention of the Dominican authorities after a
television journalist aired an investigation reporting that the ambassador had a
habit of picking up shoeshine boys along the waterfront and taking them to
secluded spots. Some boys said he had given them money to molest them.

The former ambassador was defrocked by the Vatican last June and has been
awaiting a criminal trial by the Vatican since then. It will be the first trial
on sexual abuse charges held under new rules for criminal procedures put in
place by Pope Francis.

It was not known until Monday that the Vatican would also bring child
pornography charges against the former ambassador.

The Vatican said in announcing the trial that these were ''serious charges'' and
that it would be a ''delicate and detailed procedure.'' It is set to begin on
July 11.

A Vatican spokesman, the Rev. Ciro Benedettini, said Vatican officials had found
child pornography on the former ambassador's computer and dated it to Mr.
Wesolowski's time in the Dominican Republic.

After years in which survivors have demanded that bishops be held accountable,
the Vatican appears to be trying to demonstrate that the church is listening, at
least in some cases. The date of Mr. Wesolowski's trial was announced on the
same day as the resignation of the archbishop of St. Paul and Minneapolis, whose
archdiocese was recently indicted on charges of mishandling sexual abuse by a
priest.

Last week, the Vatican announced that it was creating a new tribunal to judge
bishops accused of covering up or mishandling accusations of sexual abuse in
their dioceses.

The Vatican's chief spokesman, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, said the trial would
be held inside Vatican City, in the room that the tribunal uses. The judges will
be drawn from the same pool as those who heard the case against a Vatican
butler, Paolo Gabriele, who was charged with leaking private papers belonging to
Pope Benedict XVI to the media, he said.

Father Lombardi said that testimony gathered in the Dominican Republic would be
presented at the trial, but that he doubted witnesses would be flown to Rome for
the proceedings.

Father Benedettini said it was ''pure coincidence'' that the archbishop of St.
Paul and Minneapolis resigned on the same day as the announcement of the
Wesolowski trial. He said it had taken so long to set a trial date because the
investigation was ''complex'' and done in multiple countries.

''It takes time to verify and check,'' he said.

Vatican officials had suggested that the criminal trial would begin in the
winter or early spring, and gave no reasons for the delay.

Prosecutors in Poland, where Mr. Wesolowski is originally from, have said that
they were also interested in bringing a case against him, but that they did not
have the cooperation of the Vatican or information from Dominican officials.

Get news and analysis from Europe and around the world delivered to your inbox
every day with the Today's Headlines: European Morning newsletter. Sign up here.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/16/world/europe/vatican-sets-trial-for-ex-ambassa
dor-accused-of-sexual-abuse.html

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jozef Wesolowski

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

Court says Norm Coleman owes Al Franken $95,000 in legal expenses

BYLINE: By Rachel E. Stassen-Berger rstassen-berger@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: LEGISLATURE; Minnesota-Twin Cities; News

LENGTH: 386 words


Republican Norm Coleman owes Democrat Al Franken $95,000 for the U.S. Senate
trial, the court decided Wednesday.

Coleman owes the cash because Minnesota law dictates that the loser pay the
winner's court costs in an election contest. Because Coleman sued to overturn
Franken's lead, he owes Franken's costs.

The decision from the court grants Franken well short of the $161,000 he said he
was owed for costs, which include things like court filing fees and courier
services. Costs do not include attorneys fees, which run many multiples of the
$94,783.15 Coleman now owes. The two campaigns have spent about $13 million
since the Nov. 4 election.

The court decided Wednesday that Coleman should pay the costs immediately even
though his attorneys argued the charge should be stayed pending the outcome of
Coleman's appeal to the Minnesota Supreme Court.

Indeed, the court administrator said that, starting today, the costs would
accrue interest for each day they are not paid.

Coleman spokesman Tom Erickson said the campaign wouldn't pay the costs until
the state Supreme Court rules on the appeal. That decision means the $95,000
will tick up for each day it remains unpaid.

Coleman may also owe Franken $13,000 for attorneys fees related to Coleman
lawyers' mishandling of a witness during the trial. That mishandling caused
three days of delay. A panel of three state district judges fined Coleman $7,500
for the delay and said the former senator would have to pay Franken's attorneys
fees for the three days.

The Franken team also wants Coleman to pay $2,900 for the cost of preparing the
affidavit regarding the $13,000 tab.

Franken spokeswoman Jess McIntosh said Franken has not gotten a check for those
fees.

Meanwhile, the Minnesota Supreme Court has yet to release its decision on
Coleman's appeal of the trial court's decision that Franken won the race
following an official recount. The Supreme Court held oral arguments on the
appeal June 1.

While the high court has given no substantial hints about when it will rule, a
spokesman for the court did say Wednesday the decision would come on a weekday
during regular business hours.

The court had previously declined to give any guidance about what time of day it
would rule or whether it would rule on a weekend, meaning Senate watchers had to
be on alert at all hours.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Sanford Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 22, 2011 Saturday

Local owners not surprised by Ohio zoo's mishandling

BYLINE: Jennifer Gentile, The Sanford Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


Oct. 22--SANFORD -- Lee Crutchfield was afraid something like this would happen.

So when news broke in Ohio this week that dozens of potentially dangerous
animals were set loose, the owner of the Aloha Safari Zoo was dismayed -- but
not surprised.

"I've been preaching this for two years ...," said Crutchfield, whose operation
rescues animals from poor living conditions. "I see people obtaining these
animals who have no clue what they're getting into."

For Crutchfield, and for Carolina Tiger Rescue Executive Director Pam Fulk, the
Ohio tragedy highlights the problems that can arise when such animals are kept
by private owners. The Associated Press reported that as of Friday, authorities
in Ohio had to put down 48 animals, including 18 rare Bengal tigers and 17
lions, after owner Terry Thompson released them and then committed suicide.

"It breaks my heart," Crutchfield said. "I hate to see animals lose their lives
because of human negligence."

Fulk and Crutchfield agree that laws, particularly at the state level, need
adjusted when it comes to exotic animals. Fulk noted that in North Carolina,
"it's legal to own a tiger in your backyard" -- unless a city or county
ordinance regulates or bans the practice.

Overall, Fulk said, oversight is minimal if the animal owner does not open the
operation to the public. Citing one of the core values of her operation, a
Pittsboro sanctuary that is home to 75 animals, she said, "These animals should
not be kept for individual ownership; they're not pets."

Raising another issue, she said, "We don't give the authorities enough power to
come in and confiscate animals when there are egregious situations ... . It's a
constitutional issue; animals are considered property, and it's very difficult
to confiscate."

Locally, said Deputy County Attorney Dale Talbert, county code includes
provisions regarding "inherently dangerous animals" -- such as the lions,
tigers, bears and several other species that were released in Ohio. Section 4-42
of the code states, "It shall be unlawful for any person to harbor or to release
from captivity in Lee County an inherently dangerous exotic animal. Harborer of
an inherently dangerous exotic animal is any person, regardless of ownership,
who allows an inherently dangerous exotic animal to remain, lodge, be fed, or be
given shelter or refuge in any place over which the person has control."

Talbert said the county's nuisance ordinance could also be applicable, which can
be enforced when an animal "disturbs the rights of, threatens the safety of,
damages a member of the general public or interferes with the ordinary use and
enjoyment of private or public property."

Had such a situation happened in Lee County, Talbert said, "the county's first
response would be to impound the animals." Attempts would be made to find the
animal a safe, suitable home, he said, and euthanization would be considered
"only as a last resort."

As for higher-level laws, County Manager John Crumpton said, "I think the state
definitely needs to take a look at it ... . I think there should definitely be
things in place to regulate it."

Crutchfield said his operation is regulated by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, which requires suitable, protective housing for the animals. The
zoo goes above and beyond state and federal requirements, he said, with three
sets of perimeter fences and habitats constructed at "hurricane strength" with
U.S.D.A. accreditation.

Likewise, at Carolina Tiger Rescue, Fulk said there is "no comparison" between
her operation and the one in Zanesville, Ohio. All of the animals have locked
habitats, she said, an a perimeter fence with electric wiring surrounds the
entire animal compound as a secondary barrier.

The sanctuary has enough ammunition on site to euthanize every animal if
necessary, she said, as well as trained staff, volunteers and a live-in staff
animal keeper that provide further protection.

"A legitimate institution has many safeguards in place," she said, "and that's
one of the reasons you don't want private individuals owning these animals --
because you don't have any such guarantee."

Crutchfield said anyone owning a carnivore or dangerous animal should be
inspected and subject to the same stringent regulations. Unfortunately, he
added, it can be harder for a private citizen to get a car loan than to buy an
exotic animal on the black market.

"If you show up with a check, you walk out with an animal," he said, "and that
shouldn't be happening."

___ (c)2011 The Sanford Herald (Sanford, N.C.) Visit The Sanford Herald
(Sanford, N.C.) at www.sanfordherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111022-HD-Local-owners-not-surprised-by-Ohio-zoo-s-mishandling
-20111022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HD


                         Copyright 2011 Sanford Herald


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            August 1, 1987 Saturday

POINDEXTER BLAMED FOR ARMS SALE MISHANDLING

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COSTELLO D

LENGTH: 387 words


Poindexter blamed for arms sale mishandling WASHINGTON._ Former White House
Chief of Staff Mr Donald Regan has blamed ex-national security adviser Admiral
John Poindexter for much of the Reagan administration's mishandling of the
Iran-Contra scandal. Mr Regan said Admiral Poindexter and the National Security
Council staff did President Reagan a ""grave disservice" by keeping him in the
dark about the diversion of Iran arms sale proceeds to Nicaragua's Contra
rebels. ""They hurt him badly by allowing him to go before the media without
knowing of the diversion," he said. Mr Regan told the congressional hearings on
the Iran-Contra affair yesterday he had advised the President at various points
to abandon arms sales to Iran, once telling him: ""We've been snookered again."
The former White House chief returns today to complete his testimony before the
inquiry hears from the Defence Secretary, Mr Weinberger, expected to be the last
witness questioned in public. Mr Regan, 68, made clear he held Admiral
Poindexter personally responsible for many misjudgments. Admiral Poindexter was
one of five people with unrestricted access to the President. He was able to
hand him documents that stayed permanently outside White House record-keeping,
Mr Regan said. The other four able to see the President without the chief of
staff's prior approval were the Vice-President, Secretary of State, White House
doctor and a military aide. Belying his reputation as an iron-fisted
administrator who tried to control everything, Mr Regan said he had not known Mr
Reagan signed three national security ""findings" in December, 1985, and
January, 1986, authorising the sale of arms to Iran as part of an effort to win
the release of American hostages in Lebanon. Mr Regan said he was certain the
President had not known of the diversion based on his reaction when the
Attorney-General, Mr Meese, told him. ""This guy was an actor and he was
nominated at one point for an Academy Award," Mr Regan said of the President.
""But I'd give him an Academy Award if he knew anything about this." In Beverly
Hills, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences said Mr Reagan, whose
acting career included at least 53 films spanning three decades, had never been
nominated for an Oscar. Reuter REGAN . . . President was hurt badly.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC SHOWS ADMIRAL POINDEXTER

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Elkhart Truth (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

After investigation, Goshen Housing Authority has not received sanctions for
allegedly mishandling federal funds

BYLINE: Sharon Hernandez, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Feb. 21--GOSHEN -- The Goshen Housing Authority has not received an answer from
federal authorities on what, if any, sanctions they'll receive after officials
found the local staff had mishandled federal funds.

Pam Kennedy, director of the Goshen Housing Authority, presented an annual
report to the city council during a meeting Tuesday, Feb. 17.

During her report, she told the council that staff from the Office of the
Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)
was at the Goshen office in Warsaw from November 2013 to May 2014.

The office of the inspector general searched through the local housing
authority's files for seven months after allegations were made that the staff
had misused federal funds for the housing voucher program.

A report made after the investigation recommended the housing authority pay more
than $1 million in fines and reimbursements to HUD. But an actual decision has
not been made by HUD.

Meanwhile, the local staff was depleted emotionally, Kennedy told the council.

"It was really like a witch hunt, and it really kind of tore us apart," she
said. "Because you can't operate daily with people throwing people at you and
saying, "I gotcha," every single day."

The staff Kennedy talked about at the city council meeting is not the same that
worked when the incidents that prompted the investigation took place.

Kennedy said this year she wants to continue focusing on the future, and she
wants to continue planning for ways to help the program.

She said her office will be looking for an inspector to check the properties.
The housing authority office also started a good housekeeping award program to
provide incentives for residents to keep their homes in better condition.

"The past is the past, and we can't do anything about it," she said. "This year
we're going toward trying to do positive things."

Councilman Everett Thomas thanked Kennedy for her work at the housing authority
office.

"I think you've done a remarkable job," he said. "I cannot believe what you've
been through."

Follow Elkhart Truth reporter Sharon Hernandez on Twitter at @Sharon_HT and on
Instagram at @shernandez0390

___ (c)2015 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150221-1ET-After-investigation-Goshen-Housing-Authority-has-not-received-sanct
ions-for-allegedly-mishandling-federal-funds-0221-20150221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                        Copyright 2015 The Elkhart Truth


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

In Ukraine, separatists use crash to promote their cause;
'I am just protecting ... my land,' fighter says

BYLINE: Filip Warwick, and Luigi Serenelli, Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 612 words


Signs reading "Save the Donbass people from the Ukrainian Army" -- a reference
to a stronghold of pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine -- line the road
leading to the fields where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed.

They're a not-so-subtle attempt to remind the throngs of  investigators,
reporters and  visitors to this remote area of the separatists' cause, even as
the U.S. and Ukrainian governments accuse the insurgents of firing a missile
that downed the plane last Thursday, killing all 298 passengers and crew.

"I feel for these people (victims)," a separatist fighter who identified himself
only as Capt. Jaeger said as he stood guard Monday at the nearby Torez train
station, where remains were stored until being transported through Ukraine to
Amsterdam, where the flight originated. "But as you can see, my friends have
died and are continuing to die."

Jaeger said accusations that members of the rebel Donetsk People's Republic on
the Russian border shot down the plane are wrong. He blamed Ukrainian forces, as
has Russia.

"We simply don't have the weapons to bring down such a plane," he said, pointing
to a dagger-like knife at his waist.

His claims and the signs dotting the road to the crash site illustrate how the
Russian-backed rebels are unbowed in the face of intense global criticism, not
only for allegedly downing the plane but then for mishandling the site.

The rebels blocked investigators from examining the scene for days, as they
began removing bodies and other evidence from the huge debris field amid
eyewitness accounts of decomposing bodies in the hot sun and looting of
passenger belongings.

On Monday, they sent most victims on a train to a city held by Ukrainian troops
for identification and a flight to Amsterdam. Early Tuesday, they turned over
the Boeing 777's "black boxes."

Even in their stronghold, the separatists' mishandling of the crash scene has
alienated some Donbass residents.

"We want a fair investigation of this tragedy -- there was a body of a child
here," retired schoolteacher Vera Papchenka said, grieving at the scene where
the remains of the cockpit lay. "We came here today to express our condolences
to the children that died here. There were 80."

Separatist forces have kept local residents from volunteering at the crash site.
"They took one of my relatives because he went into the fields to help right
after the crash, to see if there were survivors," said Halina Vasilevna, 40, who
lives near the site. "They took him away for three days, and we didn't know
where he was -- they beat him up. We were so scared. These separatists -- we
know they beat people, and they steal vehicles at will."

She was outraged enough to openly criticize the separatist cause, a rarity in
this region. "Very few people here support the separatists," Vasilevna said. "I
want Ukraine to be one nation."

Some say the crash undermines the separatists' cause. "The rebels are a bit
confused because, if they did it, then it was probably by mistake," said Sophia
Pugsley of the London-based European Council of Foreign Relations.

The Ukrainian government has released the transcript of an alleged taped
conversation in which a rebel leader said separatists thought they shot down a
Ukrainian military plane.

Separatists say they won't give up. "When you start a war, you finish it," said
a rebel guarding the crash site who gave his name only as Capt. Ugriumny.

Jaeger says he has a good reason for not laying down his arms. "This is my
homeland," he said. "We have always lived here peacefully. ... Then (Ukrainian
forces) started to shoot at us. My parents live here. I am just protecting them,
my land."

Serenelli reported from Berlin

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Filip Warwick for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 25, 2001 Thursday
                                  City Edition

NU asks dismissal of suit by professor

BYLINE: MARTHA STODDARD, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 664 words


Attorneys for the University of Nebraska will argue Friday for dismissal of a
lawsuit filed by a professor who became the focus of controversy over the
mishandling of Native remains.

Karl Reinhard, now an associate professor with the University of
Nebraska-Lincoln School of Natural Resource Sciences, filed the suit in
Lancaster County District Court at the end of November.

In the suit, he says the NU Board of Regents is responsible for attacks that
defamed him and caused him "severe emotional distress, loss of reputation, (and)
loss of his forensic jobs, including lost wages which continue to accrue."

The alleged attacks also harmed Reinhard's health and caused him to seek medical
care, according to the suit.

"Karl Reinhard has never done a thing wrong," his attorney, Thom Cope, said
Tuesday. "He's never mishandled Indian bones ... and yet he's been castigated
over all this stuff."

Reinhard referred questions about the lawsuit to Cope, but he said the
university made him into a scapegoat for criticism it was receiving over the
handling of Native remains.

Alan Peterson, who is representing the university, argued in his motion that the
statute of limitations has run out on the allegations and that the regents
cannot be held responsible for the alleged defamation.

Lancaster County District Judge Karen Flowers is scheduled to hear the
university's motion Friday morning.

The suit against the regents is the third case Reinhard has filed against those
who accused him of mishandling the remains of Candice Harms and of violating
federal laws governing Native bones and burial artifacts.

The first suit named Stan Parks, a former UNL graduate student. Parks settled
that suit in October 1999 by writing a letter "to set the record straight" on
news reports about the handling of human remains at the university.

"Stan Parks never agreed that anything he said was untrue," Peterson said.

The second suit, filed last spring, names Robert Hitchcock, an associate
professor of anthropology and former chairman of the UNL Department of
Anthropology.

It alleges that Hitchcock in August 1999 made false and malicious statements to
the news media and others, including statements that Reinhard had kept Harms'
remains in an unsecured room and that he lacked permission to do forensic work
outside of his university duties.

Reinhard had been called in to help verify the identity of the Lincoln woman,
who was killed in 1992.

Cope said he hoped to start taking depositions in the case next month.
Hitchcock's attorney, Terry Dougherty, denied all of the allegations and said he
had not had any conversation with Cope about settling the matter.

"I'll be more than happy to give him a fight if he wants one," Dougherty said
Wednesday.

In the latest suit, Reinhard says the regents bear responsibility for a story
that appeared April 21, 1998, in The Journalist, a newspaper published as part
of a class in the UNL College of Journalism and Mass Communications. The story
remains available for the public to read via the university's Internet server.

The suit alleges that the story, "Bones of contention: UNL's alleged possession
of Indian remains would violate federal law," was published with malice and an
intent to injure him.

Reinhard also charges the regents are responsible for Hitchcock carrying out a
two-year "slander campaign" against his colleague. The suit says Hitchcock's
accusations created a hostile work environment for Reinhard "whose life was
threatened on several occasions up until August of 1999."

News reports in 1998 and 1999 alleged Reinhard had control of a laboratory where
Native bones were found and that he falsified inventories of Native bones and
artifacts.

The allegations raised questions about possible violations of the federal Native
American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act; however, U.S. Attorney Tom
Monaghan declined to file charges of criminal wrongdoing after investigating the
situation.

Reach Martha Stoddard at 473-7245 or mstoddard@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Straits Times

What to do when you lose luggage

                               November 21, 1993

Magdalene Lum


Bags are stolen, misdirected or damaged when you travel. MAGDALENE LUM provides
some safeguard measures.

TRAVEL

A WORD of caution, before you go on your year-end holiday. Checking in your
baggage on board the flight carries a certain risk as, sometimes, it could be
sent to another destination or left behind due to human error.

In many airports, sorting of baggage is done manually and mistakes can happen.

Most errors occur during peak periods when more suitcases, many of which look
similar, are sorted out.

There is also the possibility of items being pilfered. Be warned that in the
United States, the Miami, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles and New York airports
have a big problem with baggage thefts, according to a recent New York Times
report.

However, in Singapore, the incidence of pilfering and mishandled luggage
(delayed or lost) at Changi airport is low in comparison.

The pilfering rate is less than five per 1,000 passengers while the mishandling
rate is 10 per 1,000, says a Civil Aviation Authority Of Singapore spokesman.

Singapore Airlines has a pilfering rate of 0.03 bags per 1,000 passengers
systemwide while its rate in Singapore is 0.003 bags per 1,000 passengers.

Qantas, had four camplaints of pilfering against 850,000 passengers arriving
here last year while Scandinavian Airline System (SAS) has less than one case of
theft per 10,000 passengers.

Swissair has had only two suspected cases of pilferage in the past few years
while British Airways has 0.2 complaints per 1,000 passengers per month.

According to Mr Bernhard Schaefli, Swissairs airport station manager, the items
stolen are usually cameras, jewellery or expensive clothings.

However, not all missing items are a result of theft as sometimes, things may
fall out when a bag is not locked properly or is over-packed, points out Mr K.
P. Tan, duty manager for Qantas. In most cases, the mishandled (lost or
misdirected) luggage is found eventually.

SIA has a mishandling rate of about four per 1,000 passengers systemwide and a
rate of 2.9 bags per 1,000 passengers arriving here.

Cathay Pacific has three complaints of mishandling a month. Swissair has seven
to eight cases monthly while United Airlines has two.

"The number of bags lost is very small. The bags turn up in 99.9 per cent of the
cases," points out Mr Terry Waldo, United's manager.

A passenger who misses items from his baggage should report the matter to the
airline representative or handling agent at the airport, who will then telex
their counterparts in the originating destination.

If your suitcases are missing or delayed, report the loss to the lost and found
section of the airline or handling agent, which would then contact the airport
of your last departure.  Once found, the bags would be forwarded to your hotel
or home by the next available flight.

If your baggage arrives after 24 hours, ask the airline for an overnight kit or
toiletries and some cash to buy basic amenities.

United Airlines provides such a kit plus US$ 50 (S$ 80) for incidental items,
says Mr Waldo.

In the case of SIA, non-residents are given an interim payment of $ 120 for
economy class and $ 150 for those in business and first class. An overnight kit
is also provided.

Airlines use a sophisticated computer network to trace missing luggage.

According to Swissair, if missing baggage is not found within five days by the
handling agent, the airline takes over and gives a detailed report of the
contents to the Central Baggage Tracing Unit at Zurich Airport for secondary
tracing.

If it is still not found after a month, the passenger is reimbursed. Under
airline regulations, US$ 20 (S$ 32) per kg of luggage damaged, pilfered or lost
can be claimed.

Some airlines may make an ex-gratia payment over and above the maximum legal
liability, says Mr Richard Khoo, general manager of apron and passenger services
of Singapore Airport Terminal Services, one of two airline handling agents at
Changi Airport. The other is Changi International Airport Services.

However, no payment will be made by airlines when a passenger is carrying
valuable, fragile or perishable items in his checked-in luggage or where the
airline is not negligent, says Mr Khoo.

Compensation may take a month or slightly longer. For example, a British Airways
passenger can receive compensation in two weeks, if there is no dispute.

But, on average, compensation is paid within a month. United Airlines pays
within 45 days.

Ways to ensure your bags travel with you

- SINGAPORE Airport Terminal Services and various airlines offer these tips for
travellers to ensure that their luggage travels with them, safely.


Label luggage. Have your family name and your contact address on the outside and
inside of the bag. If the label outside is ripped off, you will still have
another tag to help you identify your luggage easily.

Write the address of your destination, such as the hotel or place you will be
staying at.


Invest in good quality suitcases. These will not be damaged easily and also last
longer.


Lock your bag. If the lock does not work, put a strong strap around it to keep
it from opening.


Remove all old labels. Take them off after each flight to avoid confusion.


Keep important documents or valuables. Do not pack cameras, jewellery or cash in
your bags.  Airlines will not take responsibility for their loss. If you must,
then make sure you buy additional travel insurance for them.


Mark personal items. Medication, for example, should be labelled clearly.


Do not overpack. Items may fall out if your bag bursts open.


Get bag claim tags. At the check-in counter, ask counter staff where to find the
tags at your destination. This will prompt the staffer and helps avoid incorrect
labelling.


SECTION: Sunday Plus; Pursuits; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1894 words

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1993 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Hearing set over Rhinelander attorney's bid for reinstatement

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 232  words


A hearing has been set for reinstatement proceedings involving a Rhinelander
attorney whose license was suspended for more than a year for mishandling client
money and breaking trust-account rules.

The Wisconsin Supreme Court suspended Richard Voss' license to practice for 18
months in July 2014 for mishandling thousands of dollars while he was a
court-appointed guardian of an estate.

The justices also ordered him to pay more than $2,000 in restitution.

The high court later, in December 2015, extended Voss' license suspension an
additional 60 days for breaking trust-account rules and committing misconduct in
bankruptcy cases.

Voss petitioned the court to reinstate his license in March. In order to be
reinstated, Voss must show clear, satisfactory and convincing evidence that he
has the moral character to practice, that resuming his practice will not be
detrimental to justice or the public interest and that he has fully complied
with the court's disciplinary orders.

The hearing will be held before a court-appointed referee, John Murphy, at 9
a.m. Oct. 11 at the Whyte Room of the State Bar Center, 5302 Eastpark Blvd.,
Madison. Those interested in the case may appear at the hearing to either
support or oppose to Voss' petition for reinstatement.

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            September 6, 2009 Sunday

Sweeping time

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1319 words


To those of you who read the Aug 11 letter "Tag, you're it," please remember it
on election day and let us get rid of San Bernardino Mayor Pat Morris and his
four amigos, as the writer called them. I call them Morris' puppets.

Let's make a clean sweep of City Hall and also the City Council.

City Attorney Jim Penman, my vote is for you and I am spreading the news to
friends and family.

To the letter writer, you are a very smart cookie. Please, voters, remember her
letter at election time.

BETTY SCHMIDTHUBER
San Bernardino

Inconsistent reports

We continually hear about the public mistrust of the news media and a perception
of political bias. Often the evidence of bias is not as clear as it has become
since the change of presidents.

For years, the war in Iraq made the front page of newspapers. Often the stories
implied how inept President Bush was in mishandling the war or for not having an
"exit strategy." Other times it was the exploitation of U.S. military
casualties.

It seemed a week never passed without a total head count of U.S. casualties.

Has anyone noticed the absence of these headline articles since Obama became
president?

Seldom do we read front-page articles of U.S. casualties. When published, they
are often buried in the back of the newspaper.

For example, The Sun on Aug. 30 reported about two back-to-back record months of
casualties in Afghanistan on page A-11.

No editorials on the current administration mishandling the war effort, the high
number of casualties or lack of exit strategy.

I'll let your readers decide if The Sun is fair and balanced.

May God bless the U.S. troops and their families.

GEORGE BERGE
Big Bear Lake

Many thanks

On behalf of the Friends of the Library, the San Bernardino Public Library board
of trustees and the library staff, I'd like to thank the San Bernardino Golf
Club for sponsoring the First Annual Friends of the Library Golf Tournament and
Book Fair on July 31.

The success of the event was the result of Sue Payne, California Room docent and
SBGC employee, and Tom Self, SCGC general manager, working tirelessly to promote
the tournament, recruit golfers and secure prizes and tee signs.

In fact, the entire staff went the extra mile to ensure that this special event
wasn't just a fundraiser but a funraiser. They raised a total of $4,633.50 for
Friends of the Library.

Thanks to the enthusiastic and generous support of all participants, the San
Bernardino Golf Club is already planning the second annual event - at a cooler
time of year!

I'd also like to extend my thanks to PJ Bacon and her book sale community, Eric
Kessler for organizing the silent auction and to Sun columnists John Weeks and
Michel Nolan for their informative and entertaining columns.

Special appreciation goes to the following tee sponsors: A&B Automotive
Transmission, Arrowhead Ace Hardware, Boatman's Pest Control, Friends of the
Crestline Library, Friends of the San Bernardino Public Library, Brenna
Hamrick-Stotts, D.D.S., Inland Construction and Home Inspection, The Mug,
Universal Construction, Mabel Biddinger, Chuck and Shelby Obershaw, Bill Payne,
Jim and Judi Penman, and Wayne Price.

Special appreciation also goes to the following prize donors: Angie's Plants &
Flowers, Arrowhead Country Club, Calimesa Golf Club, El Rancho Verde Golf Club,
Elliott's Pet Emporium, Halverson's Photography, Hilton San Bernardino, Lucy's
Restaurant, Molly's Restaurant, Rosa Maria's Mexican Food, Shandin Hills Golf
Club, The Ranch at Moreno Valley, Trader Joe's Redlands, U.S. Census 2010,
Yucaipa Valley Golf Club, Marcy Bremer and Michelle Kinsman.

I am also grateful to contributors including Friends of Wendy McCammack, Sandy
Glenn, Thom Henry, Angela C. Mayo, Annie Ramos and Carolyn Tillman.

The success of this event helps to ensure that the people of San Bernardino will
continue to enjoy life-long learning, cultural enrichment, and all other aspects
of the life of the mind that the library offers.

MILLICENT PRICE
Acting Library Director, San Bernardino Public Library

Only one part

The alternative-fuels project in San Bernardino ("Sandbag gets $10 million for
green truck project, Aug. 28) shows that California is ready to shift to a clean
energy economy, but it is only part of the solution to clear our lungs and fill
our pocketbooks.

There's never been a more important time to shift to clean energy. Nine out of
10 Americans support expanding solar and wind power and more than 80 percent
support strong measures to increase energy efficiency, according to a recent
Washington Post-ABC News poll. Environment California couldn't agree more.

Strong investments in energy efficiency will provide California with thousands
of good-paying green jobs that can't be outsourced. We can repower California by
putting people to work weatherizing homes, making efficient new buildings, and
manufacturing, servicing, and installing wind turbines and solar panels.

Investing in energy efficiency would not only create jobs for California but
also saves our households and businesses money.

For instance, a recent report by the Union of Concerned Scientists found that
passing a comprehensive set of aggressive clean energy policies and capping
global warming pollution would cut costs in the Pacific region by $960 billion
per household annually and save consumers and businesses a total of $25 billion
annually in 2030.

These savings would significantly reduce our dependence on foreign oil and stop
global warming pollution.

For all of these reasons we're urging Sen. Barbara Boxer to support President
Obama's vision of a 21st century clean energy economy and vote for strong
legislation that invests in clean energy. It's clear that Americans are ready
for clean energy and Congress needs to deliver on that promise.

KATE GOLTERMANN
Federal field associate, Environment California, Sacramento

Housing strategy

A major responsibility of all levels of government is to provide public safety
to the general population. In a time of extreme danger, such as the attack on
Pearl Harbor, drastic steps had to be taken like the interment of Japanese
people living on the heavily industrialized West Coast.

California has a potential emergency, as a mandate from the courts to
drastically reduce the overcrowded prisons has been passed even though it seems
that innocent lives are likely to be sacrificed.

Many suggestions are being considered, but I have seen no movement toward a
realistic and fiscally sound way to provide custodial facilities for the least
violent criminals. I'm sure the cost could be considerably less than
$30,000-plus per prisoner per year.

The Marine Corps, after Dec. 7, 1941, the Day of Infamy, had to mobilize
thousands of troops basically overnight.

They built eight-man tents with wooden floors and 3-foot-high wooden sides. They
provided foot lockers, folding cots, mattress pads, blankets and light bulbs. A
latrine with shower was nearby, as well as a mess hall. Such facilities provided
the basic needs for thousands upon thousands of the best-trained troops in the
world. Such a boot camp helps turn boys and girls into men and women.

This treatment would possibly not set too well with some do-gooder organizations
and politicians but it would be a much better solution than setting criminals
free and paying a price in additional criminal acts.

Modern technology can provide very adequate 24-hour surveillance of the tents
via video camera. If inmates destroy their quarters, a poncho and blanket under
the stars would do the job nicely.

The perimeter of such a camp can be patrolled by K-9s and enclosed by electric
fences.

The NIMBY (not in my back yard) syndrome would of course be the usual problem
but California has many remote and scarcely populated areas to use if they meet
environmental concerns. Arizona has done a number of things along this line to
house prisoners and has been more successful than California. Maybe we can catch
up.

CLARENCE W. NIEMEYER
San Bernardino

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Obama responsible for bloodshed in Libya: Analyst

LENGTH: 363  words


US President Barack Obama is responsible for the death of thousands of Libyans
over his decision to launch a military intervention in the country, says an
American author and political analyst.

Mark Glenn made the comments on Monday while discussing Obama's recent remarks,
calling the mishandling of the situation in Libya as his "worst mistake" in the
past eight years.

Glenn said he believes Obama is trying to acquit himself and walk away from a
deadly crisis that he was directly involved in.

"There was no mishandling or mismanagement of the situation in Libya," Glenn
said, arguing that "Everything that happened was exactly what Obama" and his
military and political advisors knew beforehand.

In March 2011, a US-backed coalition of Western countries, including the UK and
France, launched missiles and air strikes against Libya in a bid to help oust
Gaddafi following a national uprising.

Gaddafi was deposed later that year shortly after the fall of the capital
Tripoli on August 20.

But the ensuing power vacuum allowed various militant groups, including a Daesh
affiliate, to gain power in the country and exploit its natural resources.

He likened the Libyan crisis to the aftermath of the 2003 US invasion of Iraq
that left the country in chaos and turned the country into a "cauldron of
instability."

"So, the notion that Obama did not see this coming lies somewhere between the
improbable and the impossible," he continued.

The Idaho-based author further argued that the US government was basically
seeking to "kill two birds with one stone" in Libya, and sought to nurture
terrorist groups in the country such as the Daesh Takfiri group and use them "to
further Western and Israeli interests in the region."

General David Rodriguez, commander of US Africa Command, said earlier this week
that  has "probably about doubled in the last 12 to 18 months" and stands now at
"around 4 to 6,000."

"Obama is guilty of having murdered hundreds of thousands of innocent people in
Libya by his decision, and the notion that somehow he should get a pass in all
of this on the basis that this was just a 'mistake' simply does not hold up to
scrutiny," Glenn said in his concluding remarks.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2016 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Charity program halted after alleged mishandling;
Former supervisor accuses successor

BYLINE: By Pam Kowalik - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 552 words

DATELINE: TOWN OF NIAGARA


The town supervisor has suspended a program that dispenses $50,000 a year to
charity after a former supervisor questioned how the money is being spent.

Former Supervisor James A. Sacco has accused current Supervisor Steven C.
Richards of mishandling the paperwork related to the charitable donations, which
are funneled through the town to various nonprofit groups.

The money comes as part of an agreement in a property tax dispute between the
former Prime Outlets of Niagara -- now Factory Outlets of Niagara -- and is
disbursed to charity through a town committee.

Sacco claims there has been an inadequate paper trail in regard to the
disbursements and told The Buffalo News he forwarded the matter to the Niagara
County district attorney's office.

"My only interest is that this money be spent in accordance with state law and
these funds are used to support charitable and community organizations serving
the residents of the town of Niagara, as was agreed to," Sacco, a Democrat, told
The News in one of several e-mails.

"This has been going on since 1999, and no one took the initiative to find out
if this is an abuse of taxpayers' dollars or not. I personally am committed to
make sure it is fair, it is right, and it is kept honest," Sacco said.

Richards, vacationing in Florida, said by e-mail that Sacco's questions have
forced him to cancel handing out the money for this year.

The supervisor said he was upset by any implication that the money might have
been stolen or misappropriated.

Richards, a Republican, defeated Sacco in the 1995 town supervisor's race and
has held the office since 1996. Sacco had previously served as supervisor for 16
years.

District Attorney Matthew J. Murphy III said Wednesday that Sacco raised
questions about the charity spending during the election season last fall and
that his office looked into the matter. He said he found no evidence of criminal
wrongdoing.

"It's an intergovernmental agreement that they have with the owners" of the
mall, Murphy said. "Whether it's subject to some audit or something, I don't
know."

Richards said the former owners of the mall agreed with the town in 1999 to
donate $50,000 a year for 10 years to local charities to settle a court case
involving property taxes.

At the time, the Town Board and the former owners decided to settle the case out
of court and to donate to charity the money they had been spending on attorneys.

James A. Schlesinger, president and chief executive officer of the new company
that took ownership of the mall in 2004, agreed to continue the payments.

Sacco said he will continue to push the matter.

"I plan to send the district attorney's packet to the state comptroller's
office," he said.

He said a certified municipal accountant is needed to follow through with the
auditing.

Town police in late December charged Sacco with stealing one of Richards'
political signs from property owned by National Grid on Military Road. He has
denied those charges.

Councilman Lavern E. Haseley said Wednesday that he stands by Richards.

"With auditors, the state and everybody auditing our books, I don't know how
anybody could get away with anything," he said.

Haseley also said he can understand the supervisor's decision to freeze the
charity account after Sacco maintained the fund had been mishandled.

e-mail: pkowalik@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Lewis/Buffalo News Supervisor Steven Richards has been accused
of mishandling paperwork.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2009 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Biotech Company Fires Chief and Others Over Handling of Data

BYLINE: By ANDREW POLLACK

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 727 words


A biotechnology company developing what was expected to be a groundbreaking
blood test for Down syndrome fired its chief executive, a top research official
and three other employees Monday after an investigation into ''mishandling'' of
test data and results.

The company, Sequenom, announced the mishandling of the data in April, saying
that the superlative results it had announced for its prototype test could no
longer be trusted. A committee of independent board members then hired a law
firm to conduct an investigation.

Sequenom said Tuesday that its investigation concluded that the company had
''failed to put in place adequate protocols and controls'' for studies and that
some employees had failed to exercise adequate supervision. As a result, the
company said in a regulatory filing Monday, ''inadequately substantiated claims,
inconsistencies and errors'' about the Down syndrome test had been disclosed to
investors.

The board fired Harry Stylli, the chief executive, and Elizabeth Dragon, the
senior vice president of research and development, effective immediately, as
well as three other employees whose names were not disclosed. Paul Hawran, the
chief financial officer, and Steven Owings, the vice president for commercial
development of prenatal diagnostic tests, resigned.

The company said the individuals who were dismissed or resigned had denied any
wrongdoing. But it said the ''committee's investigation has raised serious
concerns, resulting in a loss of confidence by the independent members of our
board of directors in the personnel involved.''

Sequenom's announcement left many questions unanswered, in particular how
exactly the data was ''mishandled'' and whether what happened was mere
sloppiness or outright falsification and fraud.

The lack of detail prompted one investor on Sequenom's conference call Monday to
accuse the company of ''dancing around'' what had happened, saying that would
undermine investor confidence in the company.

Harry F. Hixson Jr., the chairman of the company, replied that the company could
not say more because it was under investigation by the Securities and Exchange
Commission and had been sued by shareholders. Sequenom said it would present the
results of its investigation to the staff of the S.E.C.

Still, Mr. Hixson said that it did not appear that the officers who were fired
or quit had profited financially ''from any of the transactions here.''

Sequenom, based in San Diego, was developing a test to detect the chromosomal
abnormality Down syndrome in fetuses, using a sample of the pregnant mother's
blood. Such a noninvasive test might have eventually replaced the tests now
used, amniocentesis and chorionic villus sampling, which are more invasive and
can cause miscarriages.

The company's work drew widespread attention from Wall Street, the medical
community and the news media, especially after it was reported that in early
trial runs the test was virtually perfect in detecting Down syndrome, with no
false positives or false negatives. Down syndrome, in which a person has an
extra copy of a particular chromosome, is marked by some mental retardation and
unusual facial characteristics.

The data, though announced by the company, had not been published in
peer-reviewed medical journals.

The company's shares, which had been as high as $28 a year ago, fell sharply in
late April when the company said the data could no longer be trusted. In
after-hours trading Monday, the stock fell by nearly half to $3.23.

Mr. Hixson, a former chief operating officer at the biotechnology giant Amgen,
was named as the company's interim chief executive. The company said it was
taking numerous steps to correct the problems, such as a new organizational
structure, new training for employees and new procedures for storing samples.

Mr. Hixson said that the company still had confidence in its technology. ''We
continue to believe that Sequenom has the potential to develop important
noninvasive prenatal diagnostic tests,'' he said, adding that the data problems
were ''more a setback in time than anything else.''

He did not say, however, when the Down syndrome test, which the company had
initially expected to introduce last June, might be ready. The company has said
that data on the test's performance will have to be validated by independent
researchers.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Obama responsible for bloodshed in Libya: Analyst

LENGTH: 411  words


the notion that Obama did not see this coming lies somewhere between the
improbable and the impossible," Glenn says.

US President Barack Obama is responsible for the death of thousands of Libyans
over his decision to launch a military intervention in the country, says an
American author and political analyst.

Mark Glenn made the comments on Monday while discussing Obama's recent remarks,
calling the mishandling of the situation in Libya as his "worst mistake" in the
past eight years.

Glenn said he believes Obama is trying to acquit himself and walk away from a
deadly crisis that he was directly involved in.

"There was no mishandling or mismanagement of the situation in Libya," Glenn
said, arguing that "Everything that happened was exactly what Obama" and his
military and political advisors knew beforehand.

In March 2011, a US-backed coalition of Western countries, including the UK and
France, launched missiles and air strikes against Libya in a bid to help oust
Gaddafi following a national uprising.

Gaddafi was deposed later that year shortly after the fall of the capital
Tripoli on August 20.

But the ensuing power vacuum allowed various militant groups, including a Daesh
affiliate, to gain power in the country and exploit its natural resources.

He likened the Libyan crisis to the aftermath of the 2003 US invasion of Iraq
that left the country in chaos and turned the country into a "cauldron of
instability."

"So, the notion that Obama did not see this coming lies somewhere between the
improbable and the impossible," he continued.

The Idaho-based author further argued that the US government was basically
seeking to "kill two birds with one stone" in Libya, and sought to nurture
terrorist groups in the country such as the Daesh Takfiri group and use them "to
further Western and Israeli interests in the region."

General David Rodriguez, commander of US Africa Command, said earlier this week
that has "probably about doubled in the last 12 to 18 months" and stands now at
"around 4 to 6,000."

"Obama is guilty of having murdered hundreds of thousands of innocent people in
Libya by his decision, and the notion that somehow he should get a pass in all
of this on the basis that this was just a 'mistake' simply does not hold up to
scrutiny," Glenn said in his concluding remarks.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/84/146044136589.jpg

the notion that Obama did not see this coming lies somewhere between the
improbable and the impossible," Glenn says.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Daily Journal of Commerce (Portland, OR)

                            October 12, 2010 Tuesday

Oregon politicians back foreclosure freeze

BYLINE: Nick Bjork

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 792  words


Only days after Bank of America officials announced the company would halt sales
of foreclosed properties in all 50 states, several Oregon politicians are
joining others around the country in asking other major lenders to follow suit.

But real estate professionals and even President Barack Obama believe a
moratorium could do more harm than good.

The move by Bank of America comes less than a week after Ally Financial, which
is the nation's largest servicer of home mortgages, and JPMorgan Chase halted
foreclosure proceedings in 23 states because of allegations that documents
hadn't been reviewed properly. The major lenders took action in the 23 states
where foreclosure sales must go through a judicial process. Sen. Jeff Merkley,
Sen. Ron Wyden and Rep. Earl Blumenauer have called for the same procedure in
the other 27 states, including Oregon.

"Oregonians and residents of other nonjudicial states deserve to know that their
foreclosure cases were handled as fairly and carefully as residents' (cases) in
any other state," Wyden said. "We are not seeking any special treatment, (but
rather) that Oregonians and others ... are offered the same protections as
anyone else. "

However, some people are warning that a freeze could have unintended
consequences.

"This is going to really slow things down," said Gerard Mildner, associate
professor of real estate finance at Portland State University. "People are
painting this issue as a sob story because people are going to lose their homes,
but for the most part it's just delaying the inevitable. "

The problem, according to Mildner, is that the number of homeowners receiving
default notices is continuing to increase. This adds to what industry
professionals call shadow inventory - homes stuck in the foreclosure process.

As long as banks slowly release foreclosed homes into the market, prices are
relatively unaffected. But if banks were forced to release large numbers of
those homes at one time, then a spike in supply could sharply drive down prices.

The Federal Housing Finance Agency's acting director, Edward J. DeMarcro, who
oversees Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and 12 other federal banks, said the moratorium
needs to be approached with caution because of the effects it could have on the
housing market and taxpayers.

"Our goal is to assure the integrity of the foreclosure process and to see that
any corrections in processes be tailored to the problem, protecting the rights
of borrowers and investors without causing any undue disruption to the mortgage
markets," he said in a recent statement.

White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs even said Obama wants each state to
look into the mishandling of documents.

A broader moratorium, however, would have "a series of unintended consequences,"
Gibbs told reporters on Tuesday.

Merkley believes the mishandling of foreclosures can be equally crushing.

"We should recognize that a foreclosed home is not only devastating for a
family, but also lowers the value of surrounding homes, adding to the
dysfunction of the real estate market and economy," Merkley said. "For the sake
of our housing market as well as the families involved, we must be sure that
every foreclosure is necessary, and has been handled properly. "

Merkley, like Wyden and Blumenauer, believes the problem merits a more
widespread freeze and investigation than taking place presently. Nearly 40 state
attorneys general agree; they have either opened investigations or plan to.

Even officials at JPMorgan Chase announced Tuesday that it will open an internal
investigation into the mishandling of foreclosure documents in all 50 states.
Its moratorium on sales of foreclosed properties, however, will be limited to 23
states.

Other major lending institutions believe the problem is within only a few
companies.

"Wells Fargo at this time has no intentions to implement a freeze or a
moratorium," said Tom Goyda, a spokesperson for the bank. "We believe our
affidavits and foreclosure documents are accurate, and any errors that might
occur we handle on a case-by-case basis.

"We're responding to regulators when asked questions about the issue and out
practices, but there's really no way of telling how this is going to turn out. "

And officials at the Oregon Bankers Association were unaware of any other
lenders in the state, big or small, that planned to implement a moratorium.

"Moratoriums usually aren't a good idea, but it seems like the banks are
committed to making sure all their i's are dotted and t's are crossed before
signing off on any more foreclosures," said Linda Wilhelms Navarro, president
and CEO of the organization.

The Senate Banking Committee, which includes Merkley, plans to hold a hearing
Nov. 16 to investigate the issue and determine the extent of the problem.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Election Law - Quo warranto action alleging election irregularities rejected,
says Michigan Court of Appeals

BYLINE: Ed Wesoloski

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 747  words


There is no statutory support for plaintiffs' quo warranto action, which
challenges defendant election officials' handling of ballot boxes in a closely
contested millage election.

"Plaintiffs initiated this action for declaratory and injunctive relief,
mandamus and/or seeking permission to proceed quo warranto in relation to a
proposed millage that passed in the May 4, 2010, Saugatuck Township special
election by a margin of only two votes.

"According to plaintiffs, the County Board certified the election results on May
6, 2010, and plaintiff Hanlin petitioned for recount of the election results on
May 11, 2010.

"Plaintiffs alleged that irregularities in the election procedure occurred,
essentially surrounding the Township clerk's mishandling of the ballot container
and its seals. "

The alleged mishandling thwarted the ballots from being recounted.

Plaintiffs sued, seeking to void the election results. The trial court granted
defendants summary disposition.

"MCL 600.4545(1) ... provides for an action in the nature of quo warranto
'whenever it appears that material fraud or error has been committed at any
election in such county at which there has been submitted any constitutional
amendment, question, or proposition to the electors of the state or any county,
township, or municipality thereof. ' ...

"Thus, to pursue an action for quo warranto to challenge the validity of
election, plaintiffs must establish that a material fraud or error has been
committed at the election.

"Plaintiff, however, asserts that Michigan law also expressly provides a remedy
by quo warranto, and thus voiding of the election results, for tampering with
the ballots or ballot boxes before a recount pursuant to MCL 168.861.

"MCL 168.861 directs: 'For fraudulent or illegal voting, or tampering with the
ballots or ballot boxes before a recount by the board of county canvassers, the
remedy by quo warranto shall remain in full force, together with any other
remedies now existing. '

"Whether MCL 168.861 provides an independent ground for bringing a claim for quo
warranto has never been addressed by a Michigan appellate court. Indeed, MCL
168.861 has never been interpreted by a Michigan appellate court in any fashion.
...

"MCL 168.861 provides that the acts of illegal or fraudulent voting or of
tampering with the ballots or ballot boxes before a recount do not extinguish an
already existing claim for quo warranto. Accordingly, MCL 168.861 is a savings
clause: it preserves the remedy of quo warranto in certain situations.

"Notably, in MCL 600.4545(1), the Legislature expressly provided that 'an action
may be brought in the circuit court ... whenever it appears that material fraud
or error has been committed at any election ... MCL 600.4545(3) further provides
that such action shall be brought in the nature of one for quo warranto.

"The Legislature, had it intended to provide for an action of quo warranto
whenever there was illegal or fraudulent voting or tampering with the ballots or
ballot boxes before a recount, could have used language similar to that used in
MCL 600.4545.

"That it did not lends further support to the conclusion that MCL 168.861 was
intended as a savings clause rather than an independent cause of action.

"Thus, the trial court did not err in granting summary disposition to the
Township defendants to the extent that plaintiffs' claim for quo warranto was
brought pursuant to MCL 168.861. "

Plaintiffs also have no relief under MCL 600.4545. The complained-of actions
rendered the ballots ineligible for a recount. Those actions do not implicate
the integrity of the election itself.

"[T]he Legislature has provided that if a board of canvassers has determined
that ballots from a precinct are not eligible for a recount (because of a broken
or inconsistent seal among other reasons, MCL 168.871(1)(a)), the original
return of the votes for the precinct shall be taken as correct. ...

"Thus, under this specific allegation of error, the remedy chosen by the
Legislature is not a quo warranto action to void the election, but is instead to
uphold the original vote count, which is what the Board did. "

Hanlin v. Saugatuck Township, et al. (MiLW No. 07-80750 - 8 pages) (Michigan
Court of Appeals) (published per curiam) (Servitto, Markey and Murray, JJ.) On
appeal from the Allegan County Circuit Court; Cronin, J.

<a href="http://www.milawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

DA issue could create "nightmare"

BYLINE: Jordan Steffen

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 733 words


Allegations against a district attorney accused of mishandling more than a dozen
criminal cases could create a "nightmare" for fellow prosecutors across the
state, his defense counsel said.

Third Judicial District Attorney Frank Ruybalid and his staff are accused of
mishandling 16 criminal cases since 2010. Those criminal cases included charges
for murder, child abuse, domestic violence and assault most of which were
dismissed by Ruybalid or his staff after sanctions were requested or imposed.

Ruybalid filed a response to the Colorado Attorney Regulation Counsel's
allegations, denying all claims of rule violations by himself and his
prosecutors.

As the case churns toward an October trial date, arguments have circled around
how discipline, if any, for Ruybalid will change the ways prosecutors handle
evidence in criminal cases.

Those seeking to discipline Ruybalid, the elected district attorney for Las
Animas and Huerfano counties, suggest other prosectors have a stake in
increasing the public's confidence. But Ruybalid's attorney warns the case could
leave prosecutors more vulnerable to discipline for discovery violations a
matter that has traditionally been decided by judges.

"District attorneys have a self evident and strong interest in seeing that they
are not subject to discipline over routine, unintentional evidence and discovery
mistakes that inevitably happen in a busy district attorney's office assuming
they are mistakes at all," Ruybalid's attorney, Alexander Rothrock, wrote in a
recent motion.

The 68 page complaint alleges that Ruybalid repeatedly and blatantly disobeyed
court orders and intentionally violated rules requiring him to disclose evidence
to the defense. A total of four judges in the district either ordered or
threatened sanctions against Ruybalid and his prosecutors one called Ruybalid's
actions "incompetent."

Several judges questioned a concerning pattern where Ruybalid and his
prosecutors dismiss criminal cases after sanctions were requested or imposed.

Judges may order sanctions against attorneys for a variety of reasons, and they
can include punishments such as excluding some evidence from trial.

Tom Raynes, president of the Colorado District Attorneys Council, said,
generally, the regulation counsel should be allowed to pursue alleged ethical
violations by prosecutors and defense attorneys.

Raynes says the counsel should be careful when going after discovery violations
against Ruybalid because discovery violations are not by default ethics
violations and punishment for discovery violations typically have been left up
to the court.

"I think there is a danger it could jeopardize criminal procedure if attorney
regulation delves too far into what is typically the business of the court,"
Raynes said.

The debate on how the outcome of the case against Ruybalid will affect other
prosecutors was most recently highlighted during a hearing last week before the
Colorado Supreme Court's presiding disciplinary, Judge William Lucero.

Attorneys for the regulation counsel asked Lucero to force defense attorneys to
disclose e mails between other elected district attorneys and Rothrock. The e
mails include exchanges between Rothrock and Raynes; Stan Garnett, district
attorney for Boulder County; Dan May, district attorney for El Paso and Teller
counties; and Dick Reeve, a prosecutor for the Denver district attorney's
office.

None of the four attorneys face any kind of disciplinary action, and none are
helping to pursue the case against Ruybalid. Raynes, Garnett and May were
speaking to Rothrock in their various roles with the Colorado District
Attorneys' Council.

Garnett told The Denver Post that he does not know the facts of the case against
Ruybalid well enough to say whether the outcome ultimately could hinder
prosecutors' ability to collect and present evidence. But he said the regulation
counsel should be allowed to investigate and pursue issues and complaints.

"They are an important part in making sure the public has confidence in our
system," Garnett said. "The public needs to know prosecutors handle themselves
at the highest ethical standards."

Ruybalid's case is set to go to trial in October before a three member panel,
including Lucero. The panel may dismiss the case or hand down one of three
options: public censure, suspension or disbarment.

Jordan Steffen: 303 954 1794, jsteffen@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jsteffendp

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Bautista critical of Wolf, Yost; Star says umpire mismanaged warnings

BYLINE: John Lott, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista was careful to balance his comments about
Sunday's tense game against Kansas City, and he took the high road in response
to a puerile post-game tweet from a Royals' pitcher. But he also issued sharp
rebukes to umpire Jim Wolf and K.C. manager Ned Yost.

Bautista accused Wolf of "mishandling" the game by warning both benches about
beanballs in the first inning, then not taking action until the eighth, after
four incidents had occurred.

And he criticized Yost for saying that Wolf had done "a tremendous job" of
supervising the game, which the Jays won 5-2, thereby taking three of four games
from the Royals and thrilling a crowd of 45,736 at the Rogers Centre.

Here are some of Bautista's comments, which came in response to media questions
Monday morning.

On the impact on the Jays of beating the team with baseball's best record ...
"It was a good win. It was an emotional game, and every time you can win one of
those, it kind of goes a little further."

On the Jays response in the face of several brushback pitches after Wolf 's
early warning ...

"I think we kept our cool partly because everything was somewhat blown out of
proportion, because what I believe was the mishandling of the situation by the
umpires. I think the warning was put in too early. I think other than possibly
the first time, when Josh (Donaldson) got hit, all the other pitches - there was
a changeup, there was a sinker in - at the same time, they were so close, that
it looked suspicious. I'm not accusing them of anything. I don't believe that,
other than the first one, the other ones were intentional. But after a warning
is put on, you've got to respect it, right? I have a big problem when an umpire
can say that they know 10 per cent in their mind the intent of a particular
pitch after a warning's put on. For a fastball to hit (Troy) Tulowitzki (in the
seventh) after a warning's put on, (Wolf is) supposed to respect the warning
..."

On how the game might have played out if Wolf had not issued the early warning
...

"Over 150 years of games being played, it wouldn't have been anything new that
happened, that's for sure. I can't say that I know exactly. I'm not a
fortune-teller. What happened, happened. Nobody can change that. But I don't
think it would have escalated to the level that it did emotionally, that we
would still be talking about it."

On Yost's comments in support of Wolf, and Yost's contention that K.C. pitchers
did not throw intentionally at Toronto batters ... "I just thought it was a
ridiculous comment to say that he thought it was one of best-officiated games
that he's ever seen. It's nothing against his managerial capabilities or his
leadership role whatsoever as the manager of that team. I think he's doing
pretty good at that. Obviously, their record reflects it in the past few
seasons, what he's done with that group of guys. I just don't know how you can
say, one, that you believe that it was one of the best-officiated games that
you've ever seen, and two, that you knew exactly everybody's intent on the
pitches that were thrown close to batters. Unless he's got a mind-reading device
that I've never heard of, I don't know how he can say that."

On K.C. pitcher Yordano Ventura's post-game tweets intimating that he will get
revenge against Bautista when the teams meet again. (Bautista said he has no
"history" with Ventura and doesn't know what sparked the tweets, which were
quickly deleted) ...

"I think he's a great player. I think he's a young player that could use some
maturing, and hopefully he focuses on playing the game and allowing his ability
to create a name for himself, and just be a good part of his community wherever
he ends up establishing himself as a pitcher."

On Yost's remark that pitchers must pitch inside to the Jays' power hitters
because they tend to lean over the plate to protect the outer half ...

"Pitchers got to pitch in. I get it. If I was a pitcher I'd pitch in too. You
have to do what you have to do to get the guys out. I can't say that I know
exactly what (Edinson Volquez) was thinking or why that ball hit Josh. But I
don't want to get into that, because that's not point. Only he knows if he tried
to hit him or not. He's got to pitch in. Nobody's saying you can't pitch in. But
there's a difference between pitching in and just hitting people ... I don't
know if he hit him on purpose or not. I wish I did, but I don't know. It looked
kind of funny, but I don't know."

On the atmosphere of excitement surrounding Sunday's game ...

"They're a great team. They're obviously a battle every time we play them. We
didn't have an easy game against them all season, and (Sunday) was another one
of those type of games. But I think playing teams like that, especially when
we're a very good group and there's new guys, playing games like that against
teams that are that strong and have been playing together for so long, for us to
still come on top says a lot about our team and makes you optimistic about the
rest of the season."

jlott@nationalpost.com Twitter.com/LottOnBaseball !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jon Blacker, The Canadian Press/;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                             March 16, 2012 Friday

City immune in suit over mishandled 911 calls, says New Jersey Supreme Court

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 301  words


A city was entitled to immunity when sued for the alleged negligent mishandling
of emergency calls by its 911 operators, the New Jersey Supreme Court has ruled.

The plaintiff, his mother and two siblings were brutally stabbed in their
apartment. More than 24 hours elapsed before they were discovered. Only the
plaintiff survived his wounds.

A neighbor had called 911 at the time of the attack, reporting that he had heard
screaming. The 911 operator allegedly failed to get the correct address and
police were dispatched to an unoccupied building. Twenty-two hours later, the
neighbor called 911 again to inquire why police had not responded to his earlier
call, but the operator allegedly dismissed his call as a non-emergency.

The plaintiff sued the city which employed the operators for negligence.

The city contended it was immune under a state law that broadly immunizes
governmental entities in the provision of 911 services.

The court agreed, rejecting the plaintiff's contention that the immunity
afforded under the statute only protects 911 operators for mistakes made when
they assist police in an ongoing investigation.

"In light of the language of [the immunity statute], its legislative history,
and the overall objectives of the statutory scheme, we conclude that the
enactment confers immunity on the 911 operators and public entity in this case
for any negligence in the 'delivery' of 911 services, including the mishandling
of emergency calls," the court said.

Although deciding that the plaintiff could not proceed with his negligence
claim, the court remanded the case for a determination of whether the 911
operators engaged in "wanton and willful" conduct that would deny the city
immunity.

New Jersey Supreme Court. Wilson v. Jersey City, No. A-61-10. March 8, 2012.
Lawyers USA No. 993-3635.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 22, 2011 Wednesday

Local charity's new leaders arrive this week

BYLINE: Jackie Bridges, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


June 22--When Maj. David and Cherry Craddock arrive this week to take over
command of the Salvation Army in Shelby, they will be the sixth leaders Shelby
has seen since 2000.

And in the same time period, Shelby's Salvation Army has had its share of
controversy and investigation. Usually when problems occur it's because someone
has failed to follow procedures, said Maj. Jim Seiler, general secretary for the
states of North and South Carolina.

The Salvation Army has "more policies than Carter's has liver pills," to protect
the theft of funds or mishandling of donations, he said.

"When we make mistakes -- almost every time there is a problem -- it is because
some step in the operational policies was skipped," Seiler said. "The Salvation
Army is a lean organization -- by that I mean 84 cents of every dollar goes into
action. We don't have a huge office staff. It could be as simple as not giving a
receipt, because you are in a hurry. It's a simple thing that can lead to bigger
problems down the road."

No funds lost in 2002

In 2002, the Shelby Salvation Army was investigated by the State Bureau of
Investigation for the mishandling of cars donated to the charity. The Army also
conducted its own investigation.

"When the Salvation Army investigates internally, we cooperate completely with
all the agencies," Seiler said. "The State Bureau of Investigation was the lead
agency. At the conclusion, the investigation was dropped. No donor funds were
lost or vehicles misappropriated. Maj. J. Kelly was transferred at some point."

Relationship challenges and loss of funds

In 2008 Capt. John Leidy was suspended from his position because of "personal
relationship challenges." The Salvation Army's Divisional Commander at the time,
Maj. Dalton Cunningham, said Leidy could not return to the Salvation Army in an
official capacity. Stepping in to fill Leidy's role was his wife, Beverly.
Seiler said it is unusual for a wife to serve alone, but the Army probably
couldn't fill the position right away because it happened in the middle of an
appointment.

Chaplain Charles Simmons came in January 2009 and served as interim until Sgts.
Ken and Ann Bennett were appointed in November. After serving two years, the
Bennetts retired at the end of April. They left after a loss of more than $3,000
in funds was discovered at the Salvation Army Family Store. The investigation is
ongoing, but the Bennetts had nothing to do with the missing funds, said Patrick
Mauney, chairman of the Salvation Army Advisory Board.

Loss of money is 'rare'

Seiler said the Salvation Army's internal investigation into the missing Family
Store funds is closed. He said Army officials weren't able to determine what
happened to the funds, because "multiple people would have had access -- so you
can't easily say it was this person or that person."

"It is a rare thing to have money lost," he said.

In the Southern Territory, which includes 13 states and the District of
Columbia, from Oct. 1, 2008, to Sept. 30, 2009, there were two incidents where
there was a loss of funds involving employees, Seiler said. From Oct. 1, 2009,
to Sept. 30, 2010, there was one.

Reach Jackie Bridges at 704-669-3337.

Financial accountability

The Salvation Army is a member of the Evangelical Council for Financial
Accountability. A link to the report is:
http://www.ecfa.org/MemberProfile.aspx?ID=9377

Click here to read how Salvation Army leaders achieve their ranks.

To see more of The Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.shelbystar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Star, Shelby, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110622-SS-Local-charity-s-new-leaders-arrive-this-week-0622-20110622

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2011 The Star


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

Local charity's new leaders arrive this week

BYLINE: Jackie Bridges, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 623 words


June 21--When Maj. David and Cherry Craddock arrive this week to take over
command of the Salvation Army in Shelby, they will be the sixth leaders Shelby
has seen since 2000.

And in the same time period, Shelby's Salvation Army has had its share of
controversy and investigation. Usually when problems occur it's because someone
has failed to follow procedures, said Maj. Jim Seiler, general secretary for the
states of North and South Carolina.

The Salvation Army has "more policies than Carter's has liver pills," to protect
the theft of funds or mishandling of donations, he said.

"When we make mistakes -- almost every time there is a problem -- it is because
some step in the operational policies was skipped," Seiler said. "The Salvation
Army is a lean organization -- by that I mean 84 cents of every dollar goes into
action. We don't have a huge office staff. It could be as simple as not giving a
receipt, because you are in a hurry. It's a simple thing that can lead to bigger
problems down the road."

No funds lost in 2002

In 2002, the Shelby Salvation Army was investigated by the State Bureau of
Investigation for the mishandling of cars donated to the charity. The Army also
conducted its own investigation.

"When the Salvation Army investigates internally, we cooperate completely with
all the agencies," Seiler said. "The State Bureau of Investigation was the lead
agency. At the conclusion, the investigation was dropped. No donor funds were
lost or vehicles misappropriated. Maj. J. Kelly was transferred at some point."

Relationship challenges and loss of funds

In 2008 Capt. John Leidy was suspended from his position because of "personal
relationship challenges." The Salvation Army's Divisional Commander at the time,
Maj. Dalton Cunningham, said Leidy could not return to the Salvation Army in an
official capacity. Stepping in to fill Leidy's role was his wife, Beverly.
Seiler said it is unusual for a wife to serve alone, but the Army probably
couldn't fill the position right away because it happened in the middle of an
appointment.

Chaplain Charles Simmons came in January 2009 and served as interim until Sgts.
Ken and Ann Bennett were appointed in November. After serving two years, the
Bennetts retired at the end of April. They left after a loss of more than $3,000
in funds was discovered at the Salvation Army Family Store. The investigation is
ongoing, but the Bennetts had nothing to do with the missing funds, said Patrick
Mauney, chairman of the Salvation Army Advisory Board.

Loss of money is 'rare'

Seiler said the Salvation Army's internal investigation into the missing Family
Store funds is closed. He said Army officials weren't able to determine what
happened to the funds, because "multiple people would have had access -- so you
can't easily say it was this person or that person."

"It is a rare thing to have money lost," he said.

In the Southern Territory, which includes 13 states and the District of
Columbia, from Oct. 1, 2008, to Sept. 30, 2009, there were two incidents where
there was a loss of funds involving employees, Seiler said. From Oct. 1, 2009,
to Sept. 30, 2010, there was one.

Reach Jackie Bridges at 704-669-3337.

Financial accountability

The Salvation Army is a member of the Evangelical Council for Financial
Accountability. A link to the report is:
http://www.ecfa.org/MemberProfile.aspx?ID=9377

Click here to read how Salvation Army leaders achieve their ranks.

To see more of The Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.shelbystar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Star, Shelby, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110621-SS-Local-charity-s-new-leaders-arrive-this-week-0621-20110621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2011 The Star


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           February 21, 2008 Thursday

SEC will be monitored after 'mishandled' case

SECTION: A; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 164 words


A NEW internal watchdog at the US Securities and Exchange Commission has pledged
future investigations will be thorough and credible after the regulator was
accused of mishandling an insider trading case.

New SEC inspector general David Kotz said in a letter to Iowa Senator Charles
Grassley that he was working "diligently to restore confidence" in the SEC.

Arlen Specter, the top Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee, had accused
the SEC of mishandling the 2005 dismissal of agency investigator Gary Aguirre,
who said he was fired after an insider trading probe got too close to powerful
Wall Street banker John Mack.

Aguirre, who led the probe involving hedge fund Pequot Capital, said he wanted
to subpoena Mack, now chief executive of Morgan Stanley, but was stopped by
supervisors because of Mack's political clout. The Senate Finance and Judiciary
committees said last August the SEC's office of inspector general failed to
conduct a serious investigation of Aguirre's claims..

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Off the case: an investigator claimed he was fired after an insider
trading probe got too close to banker John Mack

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

Chemist told Mass. police she 'messed up bad'

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 2A, 3A, 4A, 5A,

LENGTH: 452 words


BOSTON (AP) - A chemist at the center of a scandal at a Massachusetts drug lab
admitted to investigators that she faked test results for two to three years,
forged signatures and bypassed proper procedures, according to a state police
report obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press.

The report indicates that Annie Dookhan told police several times that she knew
what she had done was wrong.

"I screwed up big time," she said, according to the report by investigators for
Attorney General Martha Coakley's office. "I messed up bad, it's my fault. I
don't want the lab to get in trouble."

Dookhan's alleged mishandling of drug samples at the lab has thrown thousands of
criminal cases into question, and a handful of defendants already have been
freed or had their sentences suspended.

Dookhan has not been charged and investigators have not said what her motive
was. She has not responded to repeated requests for comments from the AP and no
one answered the door at her home in Franklin on Tuesday.

State police say Dookhan tested more than 60,000 drug samples submitted in the
cases of about 34,000 defendants during her nine years at the lab. She resigned
in March amid an internal investigation by the Department of Public Health.

After state police took over the lab in July as part of a state budget
directive, they said they discovered her alleged violations were much more
extensive than previously believed and went beyond sloppiness into malfeasance
and deliberate mishandling of drug samples.

In an interview with investigators in August, Dookhan first denied doing
anything wrong when analyzing drug samples, then changed her story when they
confronted her with a cocaine sample that tested positive in her analysis but
came back negative when retested by the Boston Police Department.

She admitted doing something called dry labbing, where she tested some samples
properly but just looked at others and guessed that they were the same drug as
the properly tested ones. If a second test called the results into question, she
would tamper with the drugs by concentrating them or contaminating them with
other drugs so it did not look like she had improperly labeled them.

"Dookhan explained that this was what she did to get more work done,"
investigators wrote in their report.

Dookhan also told investigators she routinely skirted proper procedures by
looking up data for assistant district attorneys who called her directly rather
than going through the evidence department. She says none ever asked her to do
anything improper in her analysis or findings.

The report, first obtained by The Boston Globe, says Dookhan told an
investigator she was going through a long divorce and had no money for an
attorney.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

State lab chemist: 'I messed up bad'

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 452 words


BOSTON (AP) -- A chemist at the center of a scandal at a Massachusetts drug lab
admitted to investigators that she faked test results for two to three years,
forged signatures and bypassed proper procedures, according to a state-police
report obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press.

The report indicates that Annie Dookhan told police several times that she knew
what she had done was wrong.

"I screwed up big-time," she said, according to the report by investigators for
Attorney General Martha Coakley's Office. "I messed up bad. It's my fault. I
don't want the lab to get in trouble."

Dookhan's alleged mishandling of drug samples at the lab has thrown thousands of
criminal cases into question, and a handful of defendants already have been
freed or had their sentences suspended.

Dookhan has not been charged and investigators have not said what her motive
was. She has not responded to repeated requests for comments from the AP and no
one answered the door at her home in Franklin on Tuesday.

State police say Dookhan tested more than 60,000 drug samples submitted in the
cases of about 34,000 defendants during her nine years at the lab. She resigned
in March amid an internal investigation by the Department of Public Health.

After state police took over the lab in July as part of a state budget
directive, they said they discovered her alleged violations were much more
extensive than previously believed and went beyond sloppiness into malfeasance
and deliberate mishandling of drug samples.

In an interview with investigators in August, Dookhan first denied doing
anything wrong when analyzing drug samples, then changed her story when they
confronted her with a cocaine sample that tested positive in her analysis but
came back negative when retested by the Boston Police Department.

She admitted doing something called dry labbing, or testing some samples
properly but just looking at others and guessing that they were the same drug as
the properly tested ones.

If a second test called the results into question, she would tamper with the
drugs by concentrating them or contaminating them with other drugs so it did not
look like she had improperly labeled them.

"Dookhan explained that this was what she did to get more work done,"
investigators wrote in their report.

Dookhan also told investigators she routinely skirted proper procedures by
looking up data for assistant district attorneys who called her directly, rather
than going through the evidence department. She said none ever asked her to do
anything improper in her analysis or findings.

The report, first obtained by The Boston Globe, says Dookhan told an
investigator she was going through a long divorce and had no money for an
attorney.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chemist Annie Dookhan allegedly admitted she faked test results. Photo
courtesy Fox 25 Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our MyCapture site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

Chemist told Mass. police she 'messed up bad'

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 452 words


BOSTON (AP) -- A chemist at the center of a scandal at a Massachusetts drug lab
admitted to investigators that she faked test results for two to three years,
forged signatures and bypassed proper procedures, according to a state police
report obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press.

The report indicates that Annie Dookhan told police several times that she knew
what she had done was wrong.

"I screwed up big time," she said, according to the report by investigators for
Attorney General Martha Coakley's office. "I messed up bad, it's my fault. I
don't want the lab to get in trouble."

Dookhan's alleged mishandling of drug samples at the lab has thrown thousands of
criminal cases into question, and a handful of defendants already have been
freed or had their sentences suspended.

Dookhan has not been charged and investigators have not said what her motive
was. She has not responded to repeated requests for comments from the AP and no
one answered the door at her home in Franklin on Tuesday.

State police say Dookhan tested more than 60,000 drug samples submitted in the
cases of about 34,000 defendants during her nine years at the lab. She resigned
in March amid an internal investigation by the Department of Public Health.

After state police took over the lab in July as part of a state budget
directive, they said they discovered her alleged violations were much more
extensive than previously believed and went beyond sloppiness into malfeasance
and deliberate mishandling of drug samples.

In an interview with investigators in August, Dookhan first denied doing
anything wrong when analyzing drug samples, then changed her story when they
confronted her with a cocaine sample that tested positive in her analysis but
came back negative when retested by the Boston Police Department.

She admitted doing something called dry labbing, where she tested some samples
properly but just looked at others and guessed that they were the same drug as
the properly tested ones. If a second test called the results into question, she
would tamper with the drugs by concentrating them or contaminating them with
other drugs so it did not look like she had improperly labeled them.

"Dookhan explained that this was what she did to get more work done,"
investigators wrote in their report.

Dookhan also told investigators she routinely skirted proper procedures by
looking up data for assistant district attorneys who called her directly rather
than going through the evidence department. She says none ever asked her to do
anything improper in her analysis or findings.

The report, first obtained by The Boston Globe, says Dookhan told an
investigator she was going through a long divorce and had no money for an
attorney.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                                  May 27, 2005

General admits Qur'an errors

BYLINE: Jamie Wilson in Washington

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages, Pg. 16

LENGTH: 325 words


The Pentagon admitted last night that it had uncovered five instances of
mishandling of the Qur'an at Guantanamo Bay, but it claimed that there was "no
credible evidence" that a copy had ever been flushed down the toilet.

Brigadier General Jay Hood, commander of the US prison in Cuba, said an
investigation had uncovered 13 separate allegations that the Qur'an had been
mishandled, 10 by prison guards and three by interrogators.

Presenting what the Pentagon described as an interim report into alleged
mistreatment of the holy book at the base, he said that in only five of those 13
instances - four of which were by guards and one by an interrogator - was there
anything that could be broadly defined as mishandling of a Qur'an.

The investigation follows publication of allegations about the toilet incident
in Newsweek magazine that was blamed for rioting in Afghanistan during which 16
people died. The magazine published a retraction, but went on to detail further
allegations of desecration of the Qur'an by US military interrogators.

Brig Gen Hood said that in three of the five instances the mishandling appeared
to have been deliberate, but refused to elaborate other than to say that none of
the incidents was a result of a failure to follow standard operating procedures.

But he was emphatic that a prisoner who reportedly complained to an FBI agent in
2002 that a military guard threw a Qur'an in the toilet has now told
investigators that he never witnessed any form of Qur'an desecration.

Following his complaint to the FBI agent, the unidentified prisoner was
questioned by Pentagon officials and said only that he had heard talk of guards
mishandling religious articles, but did not witness any such acts, according to
Brig Gen Hood.

"I'd like you to know that we have found no credible evidence that a member of
the joint task force at Guantanamo Bay ever flushed a Qur'an down a toilet," he
said.


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

State Supreme Court suspends former New Berlin mayor's law license

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 406  words


The Wisconsin Supreme Court has suspended the license of a former New Berlin
mayor and real estate developer for mishandling thousands of dollars of client
money.

Tuesday's discipline stems from a complaint filed by the Office of Lawyer
Regulation in August 2013 alleging James Gatzke had committed 22 counts of
misconduct involving, among other things, mishandling and misappropriating money
a client and business partner paid him.

The client, Patricia Schaeffer, received more than $2.5 million in life
insurance policies after the death of her husband, who was under investigation
for stealing from his business partner. She was also Gatzke's business partner
for several real estate ventures.

The OLR's complaint asked the high court to suspend Gatzke's license for three
years and order him to pay more than $300,000 in restitution to Schaeffer and
her daughter. The complaint was later amended twice to allege 45 counts of
misconduct.

However, a court-appointed referee agreed with the OLR's recommendations for
restitution but suggested that the justices impose tougher discipline by
revoking Gatzke's license.

Gatzke appealed, admitting that he made mistakes in bookkeeping and handling his
trust account, but that those mistakes were largely technical. He also contended
that if Schaeffer or any other client had lost money in their dealings with him,
it was because of the risk inherent to the real estate investments they had
made.

The justices on Tuesday did not take the referee's advice and suspended Gatzke's
license for three years, citing his lack of disciplinary history. They also
ordered him to pay more than $550,000 to a client and her daughter, and to pay
the cost of the disciplinary proceeding, or $56,879.77. Also, if he chooses to
apply for reinstatement, Gatzke will have to submit to trust account monitoring
for three years.

Justice Michael Gableman concurred on Tuesday with the majority's decision to
suspend Gatzke's license for three years, ordering Gatzke to pay costs and to
undergo trust account monitoring.

However, he took issue with the part of the opinion ordering Gatzke to pay
restitution. That, Gableman wrote, should be taken up in a civil action. Justice
Rebecca Bradley joined Gableman's concurrence.

Gatzke served as New Berlin's mayor between 1997 and 2001.

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 23, 2010 Friday

Town of Geneva police officer charged with misconduct

BYLINE: Ted Sullivan, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


Apr. 23--GENEVA TOWNSHIP -- A former town police sergeant will be in Walworth
County Court on Monday on two felony charges of misconduct in public office
accusing him of mishandling evidence and reports.

Robert B. Haase, 42, of 155 N. Cranberry St., Elkhorn, faces up to seven years
in prison and a $20,000 fine if convicted.

Haase remains on paid administrative leave from the police department pending an
investigation.

According to the criminal complaint:

Haase is accused of mishandling evidence in an April 2008 sexual assault case
and other cases. He is suspected of breaking department policy.

Haase didn't document or secure evidence taken in the sexual assault case,
including photos and underwear. He also failed to give prosecutors or defense
attorneys evidence such as recorded interviews.

Haase also collected pieces of evidence but listed them on an evidence sheet as
being collected on a different date.

In the area around Haase's desk, he had 86 pieces of evidence from various
cases, including knives, drug paraphernalia, drugs and other items. The evidence
was unsecured.

The department's policy states that investigators should mark, package and store
evidence in a secure room.

Police Chief Ed Gritzner in August also filed two complaints against Haase.

Gritzner accused Haase of frequently meeting with a town court clerk, including
an unfounded complaint the two had sexual contact in a town squad car while he
was on duty.

Gritzner's attorney argued Haase violated department policy by having a
relationship with the clerk and spending an "inordinate amount of time" texting
and meeting during work hours.

Haase was demoted in November for engaging in conduct unbecoming an officer and
mishandling evidence. He was suspended for 90 days and permitted to return as a
patrolman with a lower salary.

Haase's attorney has argued Haase did not compromise any cases or investigations
by keeping evidence at his desk.

Haase has denied mishandling evidence.

He has been with the Town of Geneva Police Department since 2001.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100423-JG-Town-of-Geneva-police-officer-charged-with-misconduct-0423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                  May 9, 2005

Lawyer let go in reduction in force can't sue, Massachusetts Supreme Judicial
Court rules

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 428  words


A 49-year-old attorney who lost her job when an insurer reduced staff in its
legal department could not recover damages for age and sex discrimination,
Massachusetts' highest court has ruled in affirming a summary judgment for the
employer.

The plaintiff worked for the defendant for 13 years. After determining that its
eastern Massachusetts offices were overstaffed, the defendant implemented a
reduction in force and laid off six lawyers in total. The plaintiff was one of
three lawyers who lost jobs in the Boston office. Three of the six attorneys
terminated were women. Five of the six were over 40 years of age; the sixth was
38. The plaintiff alleged that the defendant transferred the cases on which she
had been working to six other attorneys, five of whom were men and all of whom
were substantially younger than her. She sued for age and sex discrimination
under state law.

The court recognized that, unlike the typical discrimination case, an employee
in a protected class who alleges discrimination in the context of a reduction in
force won't be able to show that the employer replaced her with another
individual of similar ability from an unprotected class.

Accordingly, the court adopted a more relaxed standard, holding that "that a
plaintiff in a reduction in force case may satisfy the fourth element of her
prima facie case by producing some evidence that her layoff occurred in
circumstances that would raise a reasonable inference of unlawful
discrimination. "

Here, however, although the plaintiff had established a prima facie case of
discrimination, she failed to rebut the defendant's proffered nondiscriminatory
reasons for her termination: substandard performance reviews and the mishandling
of an environmental case.

"[The plaintiff] does not challenge whether [her supervisor] truly believed that
her mishandling of the environmental case jeopardized the Boston office's
ability to retain environmental cases during a period of declining caseloads.
She also fails to point to any evidence rebutting [the defendant's]
nondiscriminatory explanations for retaining younger, male attorneys with her
job classification who had received lower performance ratings than she had. Nor
does she point to any evidence suggesting that any of the attorneys to whom she
believes [the defendant] should have compared her had performance failings
comparable to those [the defendant] believed she had," the court said.

Sullivan v. Liberty Mutual Insurance Co. (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9930610)
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court No. SJC-09315. April 15, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 14, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Latest lapse at Los Alamos raises troubling questions

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26A

LENGTH: 456 words


At least five questions emerge unanswered from the latest dundering
security lapse at the nation's premier nuclear laboratory. First:
Where are the two computer hard drives containing data about the
design and function of nuclear weapons that have been missing
from a vault at the Los Alamos National Laboratory since May 7?
Second: Who took them?

Those are the easy ones. After all, the hard drives, used by the
elite Nuclear Emergency Search Team to help disarm nuclear weapons,
didn't vanish into an unknown dimension by the hand of God. They
exist some place on this planet, and someone put them there. The
who question and the where question have plain answers, though
perhaps well hidden ones.


Less plain are the answers to the why and the what questions prompted
by news reports that the hard drives were missing. Why did it
take three weeks for the missing hard drives to be reported to
laboratory officials? What is going on at Los Alamos, where for
the second time in four years classified material has been compromised?
And what is the nation to conclude from the rash of other recent
security breaches?

Besides this latest fiasco, at least two other cases in the past
four years suggest that either the security protocols designed
to protect the nation's secrets are too lenient to handle the
challenges of computer data, or that the people responsible for
enforcing them are too lackadaisical.

Indeed, waiting three weeks to report the disappearance of hard
drives containing a world of nuclear secrets is but one outrage.
Investigators took almost three years to fire Wen Ho Lee, a Taiwanese-American
nuclear scientist working at Los Alamos, for mishandling classified
information, for which he now faces a 59-count indictment. George
Tenet, the CIA director, took almost as long before stripping
former director John Deutch of his security clearance last summer
for mishandling classified information, putting some of it on
home computers.

Perhaps the problem is that those responsible for protecting secrets
fail to appreciate fully the technology of data storage. They
treated sensitive data is if it were stored in four, large, hard-to-remove
boxes, instead of two packets the size of decks of cards. When
entire encyclopedias can be fit on a single compact disc, protecting
classified data becomes both more crucial and more difficult.
And that in turn makes it more vulnerable to mishandling
and misuse.

Saying so doesn't excuse the latest outrageous losses at Los Alamos
or the inexplicable delay in reporting them. But as an independent
panel gears up to review the culture of security sloppiness at
Los Alamos, it provides one useful place to start.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Sarah Martone, AP; More security woes: Los Alamos National
Laboratory in New Mexico.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             April 10, 2009 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Sen. Stevens case has Carona link

BYLINE: By FRANK MICKADEITThe Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. County_B

LENGTH: 712 words

ABSTRACT

Some federal prosecutors worked both cases.

FULL TEXT

In case you missed it, the federal judge in the Sen.Ted Stevenscorruption case
didn't just dismiss the charges against Stevens because of prosecutorial
misconduct -- he ordered a criminal investigation into the behavior of the
prosecutors.

Six U.S. prosecutors, including supervisors in the D.C.-based Public Integrity
unit of the Justice Department are targeted. U.S. District JudgeEmmet
Sullivansaid: "In nearly 25 years on the bench, I've never seen anything
approaching the mishandling and misconduct that I've seen in this case."

Jaw-dropping in its own right, but I also wondered: Does this have relevance to
theMike Caronaconviction? The first thing I wanted to know was whether any of
the prosecutors being investigated worked on the Carona case. (Remember, when
the local U.S. Attorney's Office supervisors all recused themselves, supervisors
in the D.C. office stepped in.)

The answer was: Yes.William Welch, head of the Public Integrity unit, is among
those being probed by a court-appointed independent attorney. And Welch's name
is all over the prosecution filings in the Carona case.

Next question:Are there other similarities between the Stevens and Carona
prosecutions? Answer: Yes.

In the Stevens case, the judge (as well as incoming Attorney Gen.Eric Holder)
believed that mishandling of witnesses and evidence merited dismissal.

In the Carona case, the key piece evidence -- the tape in which the jury found
Carona tried to tamper with star witnessDon Haidl-- was obtained by means hotly
contested by the defense. Carona's attorneys charged that once the prosecutors
knew he had a lawyer, they couldn't use Haidl as their agent, wiring him up with
a hidden tape recorder and providing him with a fake subpoena used to help
convince Carona to talk.

The judge in the Carona case,Andrew Guilford, agreed it was a violation of
California State Bar standards, but ruled it did not merit tossing out the
evidence.

So what newoptions does the Stevens-related probe present for the defense? A
couple, anyway. It's clear the new attorney general is willing to look at
whether public-corruption prosecutors in the department he inherited mishandled
themselves. So an appeal right to Holder is obvious. Also, any evidence of
prosecutorial misconduct in the Stevens case can be used in the formal appeal
Carona's attorneys will file with the appellate court should Holder not take
action.

In the prosecutors' favor? The local judge has already weighed in on the rule
violation. The Justice Department's own Office of Professional Responsibility
looked at it and absolved assistant U.S. AttorneysKen JulianandBrett Sagel. "You
did not violate or act in reckless disregard of any clear and unambiguous
standard of professional conduct," the absolution read in part. "You did not
exercise poor judgment; rather we concluded you acted appropriately under the
circumstances."

The letter is dated Feb. 25, one month after the new A.G. took office. He may
well consider the Carona-related issues involving Welch closed.

The Great Ketchup Caper trial was scheduled to start Thursday, but was postponed
to Monday. My direct editor rarely gives me a direct order (as in, "Mickadeit, I
want you to write about Dillow's lack of hair"), but the taxpayer's money being
spent to prosecuteSteve Roccofor stealing ketchup with a street value of $1.20
has him riled. "I want you to find out if anyone has ever gone to trial in
Orange County over something this small!" he commanded. "Call the county
historian or someone and find out!"

The next day, I sent him:

"In 1891, an itinerant sharecropper who was trying to squat on land in what is
present-day Placentia was tried and convicted of stealing a roll of wire fencing
from a barn. The value of the fencing was placed at "less than one (1) dollar,"
according to "A Pioneer's Progress -- Life in Early Placentia." The
defendant,Horace Walpole Jr., was fined a day's wages (judged to be $2.85) and
ordered not to return to the property."

It just came me. Do you think I went over the top with the alliteration in the
book title? Anyway, maybe it'll keep him off my back for a few hours.

FRANK MICKADEIT

Mickadeit writes Mon.-Fri. Contact him at  714-796-4994 or
fmickadeit@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             April 10, 2009 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Sen. Stevens case has Carona link

BYLINE: By FRANK MICKADEITThe Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. County_B

LENGTH: 712 words

ABSTRACT

Some federal prosecutors worked both cases.

FULL TEXT

In case you missed it, the federal judge in the Sen.Ted Stevenscorruption case
didn't just dismiss the charges against Stevens because of prosecutorial
misconduct -- he ordered a criminal investigation into the behavior of the
prosecutors.

Six U.S. prosecutors, including supervisors in the D.C.-based Public Integrity
unit of the Justice Department are targeted. U.S. District JudgeEmmet
Sullivansaid: "In nearly 25 years on the bench, I've never seen anything
approaching the mishandling and misconduct that I've seen in this case."

Jaw-dropping in its own right, but I also wondered: Does this have relevance to
theMike Caronaconviction? The first thing I wanted to know was whether any of
the prosecutors being investigated worked on the Carona case. (Remember, when
the local U.S. Attorney's Office supervisors all recused themselves, supervisors
in the D.C. office stepped in.)

The answer was: Yes.William Welch, head of the Public Integrity unit, is among
those being probed by a court-appointed independent attorney. And Welch's name
is all over the prosecution filings in the Carona case.

Next question:Are there other similarities between the Stevens and Carona
prosecutions? Answer: Yes.

In the Stevens case, the judge (as well as incoming Attorney Gen.Eric Holder)
believed that mishandling of witnesses and evidence merited dismissal.

In the Carona case, the key piece evidence -- the tape in which the jury found
Carona tried to tamper with star witnessDon Haidl-- was obtained by means hotly
contested by the defense. Carona's attorneys charged that once the prosecutors
knew he had a lawyer, they couldn't use Haidl as their agent, wiring him up with
a hidden tape recorder and providing him with a fake subpoena used to help
convince Carona to talk.

The judge in the Carona case,Andrew Guilford, agreed it was a violation of
California State Bar standards, but ruled it did not merit tossing out the
evidence.

So what newoptions does the Stevens-related probe present for the defense? A
couple, anyway. It's clear the new attorney general is willing to look at
whether public-corruption prosecutors in the department he inherited mishandled
themselves. So an appeal right to Holder is obvious. Also, any evidence of
prosecutorial misconduct in the Stevens case can be used in the formal appeal
Carona's attorneys will file with the appellate court should Holder not take
action.

In the prosecutors' favor? The local judge has already weighed in on the rule
violation. The Justice Department's own Office of Professional Responsibility
looked at it and absolved assistant U.S. AttorneysKen JulianandBrett Sagel. "You
did not violate or act in reckless disregard of any clear and unambiguous
standard of professional conduct," the absolution read in part. "You did not
exercise poor judgment; rather we concluded you acted appropriately under the
circumstances."

The letter is dated Feb. 25, one month after the new A.G. took office. He may
well consider the Carona-related issues involving Welch closed.

The Great Ketchup Caper trial was scheduled to start Thursday, but was postponed
to Monday. My direct editor rarely gives me a direct order (as in, "Mickadeit, I
want you to write about Dillow's lack of hair"), but the taxpayer's money being
spent to prosecuteSteve Roccofor stealing ketchup with a street value of $1.20
has him riled. "I want you to find out if anyone has ever gone to trial in
Orange County over something this small!" he commanded. "Call the county
historian or someone and find out!"

The next day, I sent him:

"In 1891, an itinerant sharecropper who was trying to squat on land in what is
present-day Placentia was tried and convicted of stealing a roll of wire fencing
from a barn. The value of the fencing was placed at "less than one (1) dollar,"
according to "A Pioneer's Progress -- Life in Early Placentia." The
defendant,Horace Walpole Jr., was fined a day's wages (judged to be $2.85) and
ordered not to return to the property."

It just came me. Do you think I went over the top with the alliteration in the
book title? Anyway, maybe it'll keep him off my back for a few hours.

FRANK MICKADEIT

Mickadeit writes Mon.-Fri. Contact him at  714-796-4994 or
fmickadeit@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 8, 2013 Friday

Cop panel to review shooting death of Danielle Willard

BYLINE: By Janelle Stecklein The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 621 words


The Salt Lake County District Attorney's Office said Thursday that it has put
together a panel of officers to prepare a criminal case for screening the fatal
shooting of 21-year-old Danielle Willard.

District Attorney Sim Gill said an interagency team comprised of two homicide
detectives each from Unified, Salt Lake City and West Valley City police
departments have been tasked with putting together a criminal screening packet
to determine whether West Valley City detectives Shaun Cowley and Kevin Salmon
should face any charges in the fatal officer-involved shooting of Willard that
occurred more than a year ago.

Gill already has deemed the shooting "unjustified," but he has not yet
determined whether it was criminal in nature.

Cowley, who fired the fatal shot, was fired from the department in September on
unrelated allegations of evidence mishandling and misappropriation of money.
He's appealing his termination. Salmon remains on paid leave pending the outcome
of the District Attorney's probe.

Cowley's attorney Lindsay Jarvis said no one has communicated with her client
since December.

Jarvis said cases like this shouldn't take a year to investigate unless
investigators or individuals have an agenda -- and this case, with the media
attention and public scrutiny, there is definitely an agenda, she said.

"Whether Sim Gill brings charges or not, all of the parties involved, including
Shaun Cowley, Kevin Salmon, and the family of Danielle Willard deserve closure,"
Jarvis said. "If the evidence supports the misuse of deadly force, the state
should file charges against the officer(s). Accordingly, after charges are
filed, the State should prevail at trial. However, after reviewing the evidence
in this matter, I can assure that won't happen."

Cowley and Salmon were also members of the West Valley City Neighborhood
Narcotics Unit, which faced intense scrutiny following Willard's death on
allegations of mishandling evidence and illegally using GPS tracking devices.
The unit was disbanded late last year.

"I'm very comfortable with the progress that is being made, and it's moving in
the right direction," Gill said of the Willard probe.

He said the investigation has taken so long because it took more than six months
to be turned over to the District Attorney's Office for review and involved
about 3,800 pages that needed to be looked at.

"Meanwhile, as the delay continues, Officer Salmon remains on paid
administrative leave through the West Valley City Police Department, and the
family of Danielle Willard continues to wait, hoping someone other than Danielle
will be held accountable for her death," Jarvis said. "All the way around, it's
a tragic situation with life-altering consequencesccc"

Gill said the two West Valley City homicide investigators are the two that put
together the initial information into Willard's shooting, which is why they're
involved in the putting together a criminal case that will be screened before a
panel of Salt Lake County prosecutors.

Gill said he hopes the decision about criminal charges will be made by the end
of the year.

Willard's mother, Melissa Kennedy, said she's "very happy" with the panel
approach.

"I think that's incredibly good that we don't have people investigating their
own," she said. "The reason I think it's going to be a lot more fair is the fact
that [Gill] has the panel of different people ccc and nobody that is directly
involved with the issue or directly involved with the person [involved]."

Ultimately though, Kennedy wants both Cowley and Salmon to face a jury.

"I want them to have their day in court," she said. "If it turns out they're not
guilty, I might not like it, but I'll have to live with it."

jstecklein@sltrib.com

Twitter: @sltribjanelle

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Twin Cities archdiocese to cut budget, staff at central office

BYLINE: By Richard Chin and Will Ashenmacher Pioneer Press

SECTION: BREAKING; Ramsey County; West Metro

LENGTH: 719 words


The centralized offices of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis will see
their budget cut by 20 percent starting this month. That will include at least
some cuts to lay staff.

The archdiocese said in a statement Saturday that its Chancery Corporation will
cut more than $5 million from its budget "with staff and other expense
reductions beginning this month."

In the statement, archdiocese Vicar General Charles Lachowitzer said budgets and
staff had grown over the past several years and need to be cut back.

"Even without including unanticipated legal and other outside professional fees,
our current operational budget is unsustainable," Lachowitzer said.

The statement did not cite the archdiocese's settlement agreement last month
with priests' child sex-abuse victims as cause for the cutbacks. Both the
attorney for the victims and the archdiocese have said that the financial terms
of the settlement will remain confidential.ONE THEORY: FAITHFUL LESS WILLING TO
CONTRIBUTE

At the time of the settlement announcement in the "John Doe 1" case Oct. 13,
Lachowitzer acknowledged that bankruptcy could result from the pending
resolution of many sexual abuse claims before the archdiocese.

The Chancery Corporation employs about 150 people.

Jennifer Haselberger, a canon lawyer and former chancellor for canonical affairs
for the archdiocese, said she was not surprised by the budget cuts.

In a post Saturday on her blog, canonicalconsultation.com/blog , Haselberger
compared the Twin Cities archdiocese to the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.

"You may recall that in 2012 the Archdiocese of Philadelphia, which has been
rocked by similar scandals involving employee embezzlement and mishandling of
accusations of sexual abuse, announced a similar shake-up," according to
Haselberger.

The Philadelphia archdiocese reorganization resulted in the loss of 45 lay
employee jobs and the end of the archdiocese's print newspaper, Haselberger
wrote.

In May 2013, the former accounting director of the Twin Cities archdiocese was
convicted of theft-by-swindle after being accused of stealing $670,000 from the
archdiocese.

Haselberger resigned from the archdiocese in April 2013 in protest of what she
said was a widespread mishandling of clergy sexual abuse cases.

In an email Saturday, she said, "I suspect that this mid-budget year
belt-tightening is less a consequence of the Doe 1 settlement than an
acknowledgment that the faithful of this Archdiocese are no longer willing to
contribute financially to an institution that has proven itself to be a very
poor steward of the resources it has been given. I hear from people each day who
do not want to foot the bill for the archdiocese's legal costs, the
investigation into the archbishop's conduct, or the support of clergy guilty of
sexual abuse."

In a statement issued Feb. 13, 2014, Thomas Mertens, chief financial officer of
the archdiocese, described the financial condition of the archdiocese as "solid
even with the contingent liability related to litigation stemming from the
unprecedented third 'open window' in the civil statute of limitations for
alleged sexual abuse."SCHOOLS, INDIVIDUAL CHURCHES UNAFFECTED

Saturday's statement said the budgets of individual parishes, schools or other
institutions wouldn't be directly affected by the cuts to the archdiocese
central offices.

The budgets of parishes, Catholic schools and other local Catholic entities such
as Catholic Charities operate as separate corporations.

A final plan for the expense cuts for the Chancery Corporation will be presented
to Archbishop John Nienstedt in mid-November, according to Saturday's statement.

Mertens reported that the $3,872,000 operational deficit "can be attributed to
the increase in reserves of $3,950,000 to cover potential liability related to
civil litigation."

The financial report indicated a $5 million increase in "Litigation Reserve
Expense" between 2012 and 2013.

A 2013 Minnesota law called the Child Victims Act created a three-year window to
file civil lawsuits for victims of child sexual abuse whose deadline had
previously expired.

In its fiscal year ending June 30, 2013, the archdiocese reported total
operating expenses of about $39.4 million, with operating revenues of $35.5
million.

The archdiocese also reported total assets of $59.3 million as of June 30, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Cathedral of Saint Paul on May 9, 2005. (Pioneer Press file: Sherri
LaRose)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 30, 2013 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

Eort to get fire chief fired

BYLINE: By 7News

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 376 words


BLACK FOREST A petition has appeared at several businesses in the Black Forest
area calling for the immediate dismissal of Fire Chief Bob Harvey, according to
KRDO Channel 13 in Colorado Springs.

The petition says, "We, the people of Black Forest, (do) hereby declare that we
have no faith in Bob Harvey to hold the position of Fire Chief."

The petition also says that Harvey has "clearly demonstrated incompetence,
arrogance, lack of integrity and ego to be the leader, or manager, of our Fire
Rescue Department."

The petition comes after a war of words between Harvey and El Paso County
Sheriff Terry Maketa.

Last week, Harvey told KRDO TV that the fire was human caused.

"I don't think that anybody in the Black Forest area is surprised that this is
human caused and probably intentional," Harvey said.

Harvey told KKTV Channel 11 he has been working with investigators, and this was
the conclusion they had reached over the last few weeks.

However, Maketa posted on Facebook and issued a statement saying he was shocked
that Harvey talked about an active investigation and accused Harvey of
mishandling the event.

"Do not buy into Chief Harvey's claims until it's confirmed by the actual agency
that has been the lead of the investigation and will base its findings on
indisputable scientific evidence that can withstand the scrutiny of the criminal
justice system. Right now that isn't the case," Maketa wrote.

Maketa then went after Harvey.

"He does not know the point of origin and has been less than truthful about
other circumstances with this disaster and just may be merely covering his own
mishandling of this event in an attempt to avoid responsibility for allowing the
fire to get out of hand," Maketa wrote. "Furthermore, this Chief didn't even
know homes were burning at a time several were engulfed and never even requested
evacuations of nearby households as the fire rapidly grew out of control,
clearly placing citizens' safety in jeopardy."

The June fire, which caused $85 million in damage, is considered the most
destructive fire in Colorado history.

KRDO said Harvey didn't respond to requests for a comment on the petition.

Organizers told the TV station they hope to get 300 signatures to present to the
Fire Protect District's Board of Directors.

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            March 20, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

National briefs

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 1190  words


Global Crossing execs to pay up

NEW YORK -- The founder of Global Crossing and other former officers agreed
Friday to pay $325 million to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by two
pension funds and others who invested in the telecommunications company, lawyers
said.

Gary Winnick, the founder and former chairman who sold $123 million worth of
Global Crossing stock before the company filed one of the biggest bankruptcy
cases in U.S. history, will pay $55 million of the settlement, lawyers said.

The plaintiffs, led by the Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio and the
State Teachers' Retirement System of Ohio, had accused Winnick and other Global
Crossing officers of defrauding them by distorting the company's financial
reports with questionable dealings and deceptive comments.

Army chaplain's charges dropped

MIAMI -- All charges have been dropped against the Army Muslim chaplain accused
of mishandling classified documents at Guantanamo Bay, which houses suspected
terrorists, the Army said Friday.

Capt. James Yee will be allowed to return his previous duty station at Fort
Lewis, near Tacoma, Wash., said Maj. Gen. Geoffrey D. Miller, commander of Joint
Task Force Guantanamo.

The Army charged Yee last September with mishandling classified material,
failing to obey an order, making a false official statement, adultery and
conduct unbecoming an officer for allegedly downloading pornography on his
government laptop.

His lawyer said last week that a proposed settlement was in the works.

Miller said Yee will be offered nonjudicial punishment for allegations of
adultery and pornography.

Paper: Reporter had plagiarized

NEW YORK -- USA Today has found its former star foreign correspondent Jack
Kelley made up substantial portions of at least eight stories and plagiarized
numerous quotes and other material from competing publications.

USA Today reported its initial findings of an investigation in a front-page
story in Friday editions, along with other stories enumerating Kelley's
fabrications -- including an article published in 2000 in which he made up a
story about a woman dying while trying to flee Cuba by boat.

Three dead in Ky. rampage

PIPPA PASSES, Ky. -- A man whose girlfriend sought refuge at a neighbor's house
shot the two of them to death Friday and critically wounded three others before
killing himself.

Five children, ages 3 to 10, survived by hiding under a bed. Another woman in
the home also escaped injury.

Police found the gunman, 40-year-old Mark W. Pledger, dead in a stream near his
mobile home, a half-mile from where the shootings took place.

The dead were Pledger's live-in girlfriend, 34-year-old Harlene Harwood, and her
neighbor, Raymond Hall, 47, a disabled coal miner.

Wayward car had been recalled

SAVANNAH, Ga. -- The convertible that plowed into a marching band and a crowd of
spectators during a St. Patrick's Day parade was subject to a 2002 recall to fix
problems with sticking accelerators.

But DaimlerChrysler spokesman Max Gates said company records indicate the 1996
Chrysler Sebring JX was taken to a shop and had the problem repaired.

The driver, John Edward Sheppard, told police the car accelerated out of control
and would not stop when he applied the brake during the parade in Savannah,
according to a police report released Friday.

Ohio suspect to be extradited

LAS VEGAS -- A man suspected of peppering Ohio highways with gunfire for 10
months, killing a passenger in one vehicle, agreed to extradition during a
Nevada court appearance Friday.

The judge ordered Charles A. McCoy held without bail until his extradition,
expected today. McCoy is charged with assault in Ohio but faces additional
charges when he returns, police said.

"You held a community at bay and terrorized the people of the state," Judge
Douglas Smith told McCoy, 28, who was shackled at the wrists during the brief
appearance.

Radio skit draws Islamic complaint

LOS ANGELES -- An Islamic group filed a complaint against a talk radio station
and parent Clear Channel Communications over a skit mocking the Iraqi
constitution, saying it advocates killing Jews and prohibits Iraqis from bathing
regularly.

Station KFI-AM issued an on-air apology after the Southern California office of
the Council on American-Islamic Relations filed the complaint about the March 10
skit with the Federal Communications Commission.

The skit featured a pretend Muslim supposedly reading from the new Iraqi
constitution, claiming it promoted bestiality and the subjugation of women.

The mock-Muslim repeatedly praised Allah while reading the script, which
included sections that said "death to the Jews" and "kill all the Jews."

KFI program director Robin Bertolucci said the station didn't intend to bash
Muslims.

'Pee Wee' actor gets probation

LOS ANGELES -- "Pee-wee Herman" actor Paul Reubens was sentenced to three years
probation Friday after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor obscenity charge
involving photographs seized from his erotica collection.

The former star of the "Pee-wee's Playhouse" children's TV show and two
"Pee-wee" movies won't be allowed unsupervised contact with minors during the
probation period.

Under terms of a plea agreement that Superior Court Judge Carol H. Rehm
approved, Reubens also agreed to pay a $100 fine and enter a counseling program
for one year.

Prosecutors dismissed a misdemeanor charge of child pornography that had carried
a maximum sentence of a year in jail and a $2,500 fine.

However, the 51-year-old Reubens agreed to register as a sex offender for the
duration of his probation.

Reservist kills self after dispute

COLUMBUS, Ohio -- An Army reservist who unsuccessfully fought city officials for
an expected promotion after he returned from service in Afghanistan has
committed suicide, police said.

Lt. Brandon Ratliff was upset that he couldn't afford to pay for an attorney to
fight the city to get the job, according to an e-mail sent from Ratliff's
account to The Columbus Dispatch on Thursday.

The newspaper said Ratliff was found dead in his home about three hours after
the e-mail was sent. Police spokeswoman Sherry Mercurio said Ratliff's death was
ruled a suicide.

Ratliff said he was promised a promotion and a raise in September 2002 before he
left to serve in a medical unit in Afghanistan. But when he returned, the
higher-level job had been filled and he was forced to resume his old job, which
pays $4,000 less per year.

Eight new organs, baby doing fine

MIAMI -- Wearing a pink dress, a baby who received eight new organs in a single
transplant operation cried and cooed Friday as her mother held her in her arms
and saw a brighter future for her daughter.

"Her biggest feeling is happiness," said a doctor interpreting for Monica di
Matteo, 39, mother of 71/2-month-old Alessia di Matteo of Genoa, Italy.

The operation took place seven weeks ago but was not announced until Thursday.
Mother and baby appeared at a news conference on Friday, and di Matteo said she
was "hoping for a normal life" for Alessia.

The baby was born with smooth muscle disorder, which prevented normal function
of her stomach, intestines and kidneys. The condition is fatal if left
untreated.

-- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Mayfield Heights real estate attorney suspended

LENGTH: 333  words


Mayfield Heights attorney James C. Wrentmore was indefinitely suspended for
mishandling funds in four cases, the Ohio Supreme Court announced Thursday.
Wrentmore violated several professional conduct rules and did not pay for
continuing legal education seminars.


According to the Ohio Supreme Court:Wrentmore, whose clients included homeowner
associations in real estate matters, received four refund checks in 2010 from
courts in cases he handled while working at a different law firm.The checks
ranged from $5 to more than $2,600. Instead of notifying and delivering the
money to the appropriate parties whom he had represented, Wrentmore either
cashed the check, or he deposited the check into his personal checking account
and kept part of the amount in cash.After his new firm fired him for mishandling
funds in one matter, Wrentmore repaid that refund check to his prior law firm.
Following an investigation, he also paid back the other amounts.Also, in April
2011, Wrentmore attended five legal education courses sponsored by the Ohio
State Bar Association. For the first three events, he told staff he had
preregistered and prepaid when he had not. He wrote checks for the last two
classes, and the checks bounced. Many months later, after the State Bar
Association asked the court's Legal Education commission to revoke his CLE hours
for nonpayment, Wrentmore paid the bill for the seminars.
The Board of Commissioners on Grievances & Discipline recommended that the court
indefinitely suspend Wrentmore, in part so he could finish his contract with the
Ohio Lawyers Assistance Program and keep receiving counseling and treatment for
depression.
The court unanimously adopted the board's sanction of an indefinite suspension.
If Wrentmore seeks reinstatement, he must show that he has complied with his
Lawyers Assistance Program contract, the court stated in its decision.
Wrentmore was not available for comment as his home phone number had been
disconnected and he no longer works at the firm.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            October 28, 2013 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Future of the BBC hinges on technology, not politics

BYLINE: NO BYLINE

SECTION: HS - FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1103 words


Yesterday, the BBC's website declared that the news the USA had been listening
in to the phone calls of German Chancellor Angela Merkel had led to "the worst
diplomatic crisis between the two countries in living memory.

This will come as surprising news to the 9% or so of the UK population who were
born before America's relationship with Germany took a turn for the worse in
December 1941. It may even surprise some younger people who may have noticed
that the final peace treaty with Germany was not signed until 1990, and the USA
and the DDR weren't awfully chummy during the previous four decades.

All the same, I don't think it's indicative of BBC bias, any more than I think
the ill-judged insinuation that Prince Harry might have taken cocaine - made on
the satirical news show Have I Got News For You - is an argument for shutting
the corporation down.

Of course, like almost every large public body, the BBC is biased - indeed, it
is so hand-wringingly liberal, and desperate to seem unbiased, that every so
often it acknowledges that it is biased. My own view is that it's not very
useful to describe its prejudices as left-wing, though; it is more that they are
metropolitan.

It tries awfully hard to be politically correct. There is a stated aim, for
example, that 12.5% of BBC employees should be from ethnic minorities (which is
4% higher than the population at large), yet Greg Dyke, the former
director-general, described it as "hideously white", while the television critic
Victor Lewis-Smith noted that in practice, equal opportunities meant the BBC
canteen was full of "white people eating, while black people cleared away the
plates".

Its agonising over its own shortcomings has reached new heights since the
revelations about Jimmy Savile, the corporation's spectacular mishandling of the
reporting of those revelations, and then its even more spectacular mishandling
of its reporting on the mishandling... well, you get the [#x2028]point. Then
there was the criticism [#x2028]of the National Audit Office over the BBC's
pay-offs - tens of millions of pounds-worth - to managers.

Against that background, it is fairly unremarkable that the chairman of the
Conservative party, Grant Schapps, should have said he is considering whether
the BBC should continue to receive the same level of funding from the licence
fee after its Royal Charter expires in 2016. It's just as predictable that the
response of a BBC spokesman should have been that "transparency is key to the
future of the BBC. So is its freedom from political pressure."

The fact is that the case against the BBC's current status has nothing to do
with press freedom from political regulation - unlike, for example, the very
real dangers in the Leveson proposals. Although other media organisations, such
as Rupert Murdoch's newspapers and the Daily Mail, appear for both commercial
and ideological reasons to be engaged in a vendetta against the BBC, that need
not be a point either for or against the corporation. Even the fact that the BBC
is - on any objective measure - often biased (something which, to be fair, could
be said of any large institution) is not the chief case against it.

The reason something will have [#x2028]to be done about the licence fee is that
it has become an unjustifiable anachronism, and one that may very soon be
unworkable, too. That's got nothing to do with the BBC's intrinsic merits or
failings. It is merely a consequence of the ways in which digital technology has
completely swept away the traditional ways of consuming media.

A lot of attention has been paid to how that has affected newspapers, but the
changes in broadcasting media have been every bit as significant. Think, for
example, of the latest critically acclaimed American series, Breaking Bad, which
I happen to agree may be one of the best things ever produced by the medium. It
wasn't even shown by a British TV channel, bar a brief, cancelled, stint on (I
think) 5 USA. Almost everyone who watched it saw it through Netflix or on DVD.

Only three decades ago, there were three television channels. Now there are
hundreds. Even Channel 5 isn't content with one channel; there's 5, 5* and 5
USA, not to mention the +1 and HD versions. No-one even needs a television to
watch it; indeed, broadcasters are going out of their way to provide access to
their programmes online, or through catch-up systems like the BBC's iPlayer.
Radio programmes feature callers who are (for unfathomable reasons of their own)
listening to Jeremy Vine on the beach in Thailand.

Whether you think the BBC provides good value for money in exchange for the
£145.50 tax on owning a television is irrelevant, because it's very easy to
imagine that television, as we currently have it, will soon cease to exist. For
quite a [#x2028]lot of people, the only reason for watching television in real
time is to talk about it on Twitter - indeed, some programmes are greatly
improved if you only follow the Twitter commentary, and don't [#x2028]bother
watching.

The majority of the BBC's audience for its website - the world's largest news
website - pay nothing at all for its content, since they don't live in the UK.
Yet while this is clearly unfair to every commercial operator, the BBC can
employ 8000 journalists. At the [#x2028]G8 summit in Northern Ireland, one in
every three journalists was from the BBC. Two years ago, the corporation sent
263 people to the Glastonbury festival, and had 250 covering one event marking
the fact that the Olympics would be starting a year later. The director-general
gets paid three times as much as the prime minister - and that's after the
salary was cut by £220,000.

Yet the fact that everyone could legally access the majority of the BBC's output
without paying the licence fee, if they swapped their television for a computer
monitor, makes all this duplication and expenditure utterly unsustainable. The
upheaval that has already taken place, and is continuing, in print media will be
replicated in broadcasting; the BBC cannot imagine that the peculiarities of its
funding model will exempt it from the challenges that will follow.

For those who work within the BBC and anyone who values its output, there is no
point in pretending things can continue as they are. But if a case is to be made
for the BBC as offering something distinctive and valuable, [#x2028]it urgently
needs to address these issues. First and foremost, that means asking what the
BBC is for. If, as the corporation's managers seem to imagine, it is for taking
the moral high ground, the public is entitled to wonder whether it's making a
good job of that role, and whether it's worth £3.6 billion of public money.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2013 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

1 West Valley City cop who shot and killed Danielle Willard to be fired

BYLINE: By Nate Carlisle And Kimball Bennion The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 786 words


West Valley City is planning to fire one of the two detectives who shot and
killed Danielle Willard in November, his lawyers said Friday evening.

The city on Thursday gave notice to fire Shaun Crowley within seven to 10 days,
according to a news release from two attorneys supporting him, Lindsay Jarvis
and Bret Rawson. The attorneys condemned the move.

"It is our position that the FBI investigation into the West Valley City
Neighborhood Narcotics Unit will reveal practices and customs within the unit
that are inconsistent with policies and procedures associated with law
enforcement within the State of Utah," the news release said. "However, it will
also reveal that at all times, Detective Cowley, at the direction of his
superiors, and in accordance with his training, or in this case, lack of
training, acted in accordance with the standards set forth by the West Valley
City Police Department.

"This is a sad day for the West Valley City Police Department," the statement
went on to say, "as it suggests the Department is more interested in hanging a
single officer out to dry rather than holding their supervisors and
administrators accountable for what appears to be a pervasive and systematic
failure to train and supervise their narcotics officers."

In an interview Friday, Rawson, who is the general counsel for the Fraternal
Order of Police, said he, Jarvis, Cowley and Deputy Chief Phil Quinlan met on
Thursday, the day before the statement was released. Quinlan informed them that
he would recommend Cowley's termination to Acting Chief Anita Schwemmer but that
the ultimate decision would rest with her, according to Rawson.

The reasoning behind the Quinlan's recommendation was because of alleged
insubordination and mishandling of evidence, both accusations that Rawson
disputes. One instance of insubordination brought up at the Thursday meeting was
Cowley's interview with the Fox 13 news channel last week, but Rawson said that
Cowley did not talk about the investigation into the shooting, the internal
investigation at the department or any other sensitive information. As for the
accusations of evidence mishandling, that would lie at the feet of Cowley's
supervisors, who Rawson said did not properly train the now-disbanded narcotics
unit.

Rawson said the shooting death of Willard was not mentioned at the Thursday
hearing. The new release made no mention of Kevin Salmon, the other detective
who fired on Willard.

The news release from Jarvis and Rawson said West Valley City was terminating
Cowley "based on a series of internal affairs investigations the Department has
conducted since the officer-involved shooting of Danielle Willard. The Police
Department cited issues of 'mishandling evidence, insubordination, and
derelection of duty.'"

Aaron Crim, spokesman for the city, said that as far as he was aware, Cowley has
not been told that he will be terminated. That statement also was echoed by West
Valley City Manager Wayne Pyle. Deputy Police Chief Mike Powell declined comment
on Friday.

But the lawyers say that Cowley plans to appeal his termination. Typically,
public employees have the ability to contest their firing through an
administrative appeals process. If that is unsuccessful, the employee can file a
lawsuit.

Cowley and Salmon shot and killed Willard on Nov. 2 outside an apartment complex
in West Valley City. The police department issued a news release saying the
detectives believed they saw the 21-year-old Willard buying drugs. When they
approached her Subaru Forester, she put it in reverse, striking Cowley. Both
detectives fired.

Cowley received what were described as minor injuries to his leg. Salt Lake
County District Attorney Sim Gill has not yet issued a decision on whether the
shooting was legally justified.

Meanwhile, Gill has dismissed 19 criminal cases, most of them involving drugs,
and most of which are associated with Cowley. Gill has said 100 more cases could
be dismissed as well over "credibility" problems associated with a West Valley
City detective, whom he has never identified.

West Valley City disbanded its narcotics unit in December. This week, the FBI
confirmed it was formally joining investigations into that narcotics unit to
determine whether detectives broke any laws and if there was a cover-up after
the Willard shooting.

West Valley City's police chief, Thayle "Buzz" Nielsen, 61, retired last month,
citing health problems. He served as chief for 11 years. Anita Schwemmer, who
had been a captain under Nielsen, is serving as acting chief as the city
searches for a replacement.

Reporter Michael McFall contributed to this report.

ncarlisle@sltrib.com

Twitter: @natecarlisle Alt Heads:

West Valley City to fire detective under suspicion

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Officers block the view of Danielle Willard's body at the Lexington
Park apartments in West Valley City, after she was shot on Friday, Nov. 2, 2012.
On March 21, 2013, WVC police identified the two officers who shot Willard and
more details about what happened.
Friends, family and citizens demonstrate in the state capitol in front of the
House of Representatives Monday March 4 against what they believe was excessive
force by police in the deaths of Danielle Willard, Corey Kanosh and Kelly
Simmons.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday

Drug testing halted at San Francisco police crime lab after employee allegedly
takes evidence

BYLINE: Bay City News

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 494 words


The San Francisco Police Department's crime lab will undergo a "comprehensive
audit," following an investigation into the possible mishandling of narcotic
evidence by a crime lab technician, police said today.

At an evening news conference to discuss the investigation, San Francisco Police
Chief George Gascon said the crime lab will temporarily suspend its controlled
substance testing at the lab.

Police said the department was alerted by a crime lab supervisor late last year
that a lab employee may have taken narcotics for personal use. The information
about 60-year-old Debbie Madden, a woman employed by the Police Department but
who is not a police officer, triggered an internal audit and subsequent criminal
investigation. She recently retired.

Police said the department met with the district attorney's office to advise
them of the investigation on Feb. 23 and interviewed Madden on Feb. 26.

Last Wednesday, police served a search warrant on Madden, who was arrested later
that day by San Mateo sheriff's deputies for possession of a firearm in
violation of a restraining order in an unrelated case.

The San Francisco District Attorney's Office said the investigation into the San
Francisco case is ongoing and the office is still reviewing evidence.

Gascon said in interviewing Madden, she made allegations to investigators of
unprofessional practices by others in the crime lab and that the Police
Department is temporarily suspending its drug testing at the lab as an audit is
conducted.

He said the allegations are, thus far, uncorroborated and that it appears any
mishandling in the lab is isolated to Madden.

Gascon said it appears small amounts of cocaine were removed from evidence
containers, but there was no fabrication of evidence.

However, Gascon said, "We are working with the district attorney and other
criminal justice system entities to ensure that potentially affected criminal
cases are reviewed and where necessary, that evidence is retested, to ensure
that no compromising of evidence has taken place."

He also said the department will revisit existing policies and procedures at the
crime lab to ensure collection, testing, storage and destruction are conducted
consistent with the industry "best practices."

The San Francisco Police Department has asked the American Society of Crime Lab
Directors and the California Association of Crime Lab Directors for their
assistance in conducting an independent audit of the crime lab.

The San Francisco Police Department will be using external crime lab services
from other Bay Area law enforcement agencies while the audit is conducted.

The Police Department's crime lab is in the process of being re-accredited and
has recently been assessed by the American Society of Crime Lab Directors. The
organization's draft report pointed to several areas where the crime lab can
make improvements, and police said they will act quickly on those
recommendations.

CONTACT: San Francisco police (415) 553-1651

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday

Drug testing halted at San Francisco police crime lab after employee allegedly
takes evidence

BYLINE: Bay City News

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 494 words


The San Francisco Police Department's crime lab will undergo a "comprehensive
audit," following an investigation into the possible mishandling of narcotic
evidence by a crime lab technician, police said today.

At an evening news conference to discuss the investigation, San Francisco Police
Chief George Gascon said the crime lab will temporarily suspend its controlled
substance testing at the lab.

Police said the department was alerted by a crime lab supervisor late last year
that a lab employee may have taken narcotics for personal use. The information
about 60-year-old Debbie Madden, a woman employed by the Police Department but
who is not a police officer, triggered an internal audit and subsequent criminal
investigation. She recently retired.

Police said the department met with the district attorney's office to advise
them of the investigation on Feb. 23 and interviewed Madden on Feb. 26.

Last Wednesday, police served a search warrant on Madden, who was arrested later
that day by San Mateo sheriff's deputies for possession of a firearm in
violation of a restraining order in an unrelated case.

The San Francisco District Attorney's Office said the investigation into the San
Francisco case is ongoing and the office is still reviewing evidence.

Gascon said in interviewing Madden, she made allegations to investigators of
unprofessional practices by others in the crime lab and that the Police
Department is temporarily suspending its drug testing at the lab as an audit is
conducted.

He said the allegations are, thus far, uncorroborated and that it appears any
mishandling in the lab is isolated to Madden.

Gascon said it appears small amounts of cocaine were removed from evidence
containers, but there was no fabrication of evidence.

However, Gascon said, "We are working with the district attorney and other
criminal justice system entities to ensure that potentially affected criminal
cases are reviewed and where necessary, that evidence is retested, to ensure
that no compromising of evidence has taken place."

He also said the department will revisit existing policies and procedures at the
crime lab to ensure collection, testing, storage and destruction are conducted
consistent with the industry "best practices."

The San Francisco Police Department has asked the American Society of Crime Lab
Directors and the California Association of Crime Lab Directors for their
assistance in conducting an independent audit of the crime lab.

The San Francisco Police Department will be using external crime lab services
from other Bay Area law enforcement agencies while the audit is conducted.

The Police Department's crime lab is in the process of being re-accredited and
has recently been assessed by the American Society of Crime Lab Directors. The
organization's draft report pointed to several areas where the crime lab can
make improvements, and police said they will act quickly on those
recommendations.

CONTACT: San Francisco police (415) 553-1651

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 26, 2005 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Agency Partly to Blame in Misuse Of Passenger Data, Report Says

BYLINE: By ERIC LIPTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 25


The Transportation Security Administration did not adequately monitor at least
six airlines' transfer of sensitive passenger information to private companies
and federal agencies in 2002 and 2003, according to a report by the inspector
general of the Department of Homeland Security released on Friday.

It was previously disclosed that privacy violations had occurred in the transfer
of more than 12 million passenger records involving travel on America West
Airlines, Continental Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue
Airways and American Airlines, a subsidiary of the AMR Corporation. But this
report, in analyzing 14 separate instances, examined in detail how responsible
the transportation administration was for the mishandling of the data.

In one case, names, dates of birth and credit card information were given to the
Secret Service by Delta Air Lines to help federal officials search for
terrorists who might be plotting to attack the Winter Olympics in Salt Lake
City. In most of the other cases, the data was transferred by the airlines to
private companies that were trying to fine-tune a new security screening
program, which has since been abandoned in part because of privacy concerns.

The auditors found only one instance in which personal data was disclosed in a
public and clearly inappropriate way. In that case, Torch Concepts of
Huntsville, Ala., a federal contractor, presented at a conference three Social
Security numbers and 23 addresses that had been assigned to a single JetBlue
passenger to demonstrate how difficult it was to match data accurately when
creating identity profiles from multiple sources. The entire presentation, along
with the personal data, was ultimately posted on the Internet.

''T.S.A. did not consistently track the usage, security, or disposition of
passenger data and was, therefore, not in a position to determine whether such
usage, security or disposition was appropriate,'' the report said.

The report also said that management weaknesses contributed to the mishandling
of the data, even if the agency itself did not transfer it.

The agency was ''in an environment of controlled chaos'' after the Sept. 11
attacks, it said. ''Management changes were frequent, and chains of command were
blurred.''

Agency officials, in their response to the report, did not dispute the findings,
agreeing with a series of recommendations made to ensure that personal data
would now be handled more carefully.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Times-News, Burlington, North Carolina

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 7, 2006 Tuesday

State bar probes local attorney's practices: Robert D. Craig has stopped
accepting clients' funds

BYLINE: Keren Rivas, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Mar. 7--A judge has frozen a local attorney's trust accounts until an
investigation about possible mishandling of client funds is completed.      In a
preliminary injunction entered last month in Wake County Superior Court,
Burlington defense attorney Robert D. Craig agreed to stop accepting any further
funds from clients and stop withdrawing any funds from existing trust accounts
until the court rules otherwise.

According to court documents, the ruling came after a North Carolina State Bar
preliminary investigation revealed Craig had mishandled client funds. The court
found there was a need for prompt action "to ensure that further client funds
are not mishandled." The documents also said Craig was subpoenaed Feb. 15 for a
cause audit.      As the state agency responsible for regulating the practice of
law in North Carolina, the state bar conducts such audits when a complaint of
possible mishandling of client's funds is filed, irregularities are discovered
during a random audit or if the person has been indicted or convicted of a crime
"involving moral turpitude." Katherine E. Jean, who is representing the state
bar in the matter, said she could not comment on which of these factors led to
Craig's audit because the circumstances surrounding a grievance file are
confidential.      Craig could not be reached for comment. He practices law at
his private practice located on 1205 Maple Ave. but is on medical leave until
the end of March.      Attorney Bob Hassell, who is handling Craig's cases in
the meantime, said the court's decision is not a disciplinary action but simply
an administrative procedure.

Besides conducting periodic audits, Hassell said the state agency also cross
checks trust accounts when attorneys go on medical leave.      "They just want
to make sure everything is fine," Hassell said. He added Craig agreed to
cooperate with the agency and consented not to use any funds while on medical
leave.      In the injunction, Craig was also asked to submit to the state bar
all of his current clients' records and all of his financial records relating to
any trust accounts. Hassell said he expects Craig to comply with the order once
he gets back to the office.      "We hope he gets better and gets back soon," he
added.

Keren Rivas can be reached at keren_rivas@link.freedom.com

Copyright (c) 2006, Times-News, Burlington, N.C. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060307-BT-0307-State-bar-probes-local-attorney-s-practices

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2006 Times-News


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             June 9, 2010 Wednesday

Show zero tolerance for predator priests, abuse victims urge pope

BYLINE: PADDY AGNEW in Rome

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 593 words


US CLERICAL sex abuse victims yesterday called on Pope Benedict XVI to mark this
week s closure of the Year For Priests by showing that he  really is a man of
God .

Representatives of the Survivors  Network of those Abused by Priests (Snap)
argued that not only should the pope take much more radical action in relation
to clerical sex abuse, but that he should also  come clean himself  with regard
to his own 30-year record of mishandling the issue.

Snap argued the time had come for the pope to finally institute a real  zero
tolerance  policy, pointing out that predator paedophile priests all over the
world had not been laicised.

Snap spokesman Peter Isely said the time had come for the church not only to
remove the predators, but also those (bishops) who had covered up for the
predators.

What better time than now to implement such measures, he asked, right at the end
of a Year for Priests which had been  anything but positive ?

Arguing that this week s celebrations might prompt some sort of  global apology
from the pope, Snap urged Catholics to ignore the apology and instead to insist
on real reform, including the  external investigation and monitoring of sex
cases and the disclosure of the names and whereabouts of all predator priests
worldwide .

Snap suggested that this week should represent a  moral reckoning  not of the
priesthood by Pope Benedict, but rather a reckoning of the pope himself.

The person at the top of an organisation sets the tone and, in that context,
Pope Benedict should offer a full explanation of his mishandling of the cases of
Fr Peter Hullerman in Munich in 1980 and of Fr Lawrence Murphy in Milwaukee in
1998-1999, Snap said. In that same context, Snap called for the process of the
beatification of John Paul II to be halted so that the late pope s alleged
failings in dealing with clerical sex abuse could be more fully examined.

The Snap spokespersons claimed that they continued to receive reports of
children in church care being molested. In that sense, Pope Benedict could not
ask for forgiveness this week  if children are still at risk . Predators need to
be removed  immediately , and Catholics need to see real action  before
forgiveness can be granted .

Earlier yesterday, another protest group took up some of the same themes when
Wow (Women s Ordination Worldwide) staged a peaceful protest in St Peter s
Square.

A small group of US, German, English and Irish activists marched into the square
to  protest the hypocrisy of the Year for Priests , demanding that Pope Benedict
fix his  damaged  priesthood by ordaining women and accepting their full and
equal participation in the Catholic Church.

The group, which included two  ordained  but subsequently excommunicated US
women Catholic priests, argued that it was time for Benedict to end the
hypocrisy  of church teaching which denied women the right to be priests but
which, at the same time, allowed paedophiles to continue in the priesthood.

When these women staged a similar protest in St Peter s Square two years ago,
some of them were arrested. Yesterday s small demonstration passed off much more
peacefully, with the Vatican Gendarmerie suggesting to the women that  it would
be better  if they opted to hand out their leaflets outside the square, and not
on Vatican territory.

The Holy See today begins three days of celebration of the ending of the Year
for Priests, marked by ceremonies in the Basilicas of St Peter s, St Paul
Without The Walls and St John Lateran. The pope will preside over ceremonies in
St Peter s tomorrow and on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

NOTHING TOPS MY LETTER TO EDITOR

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 865 words


August letter of the month

This month's winner is from a letter writer in Dover.

- - -

I write fabulous letters. If you read all the letters I have written, you would
agree. You would love them. Other letter writers are weak, soft and out of
touch. I'm not like that, and I'm sure if you are reading this you aren't
either.

This paper really needs great letters, and I am awesome at letter writing.

Other letter writers might attack me, but then they go away. They don't have
what it takes to keep writing great letters. I have what it takes to write the
best letters. Letter writers who disagree need to be punched in the face and run
out of town.

I guarantee this letter will be picked as letter of the month. If it isn't
picked, it will prove that this letter writing contest is rigged.

Terry Vaught, Dover

* * *

Buckhorn to travel to China for talks

Sept. 1

Mayor's hypocrisy

The hypocrisy of Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn talking about pursuing trade with
China is unbelievable. Didn't he recently declare he had no interest in a
pursuing a Cuban consulate for Tampa until Cuba made significant changes?

I guess to Buckhorn, communism in China is not as bad as in Cuba. Is he trying
to help small businesses in Tampa by trading with China, but doesn't want trade
with Cuba, just a few hundred miles away from Tampa? That's not making any
points with the Cuban-American citizens of Tampa - you know, those of us who
have been in Tampa since before the revolution and our descendants.

Ana Golan, Tampa

* * *

FBI releases new details on Clinton inquiry

Sept. 3

Justice system's credibility

I cannot fathom how Hillary Clinton has thus far escaped charges for her
mishandling of classified information.

Los Alamos physicist Dr. Wen Ho Lee was placed in solitary confinement for
months without even being able to see his family for similarly "extremely
careless" but far less egregious mishandling of classified information
(including inappropriate use of a thumb drive). Thus, to the FBI, a dubious and
highly controversial politician who compromised our national security has more
worth than a physicist who was actually working on improving it.

This political decision by the FBI to exonerate her of all obviously illegal
actions without even a slap on the wrist destroys credibility and faith in our
justice system.

Michael Pravica, Henderson, Nev.

* * *

Kaepernick takes a knee for anthem - Sept. 2

Free expression

While I have a great deal of reverence and respect for the stars and stripes, I
have a greater reverence and respect for the freedoms it embodies. So when the
49ers quarterback uses that freedom to bring attention to the racial suppression
in America, I salute him for his courage.

I'm sure that while Donald Trump and his ilk, waving their flags, will demand
that Colin Kaepernick be deported to "where he came from" for expressing his
view, most Americans understand that this freedom is vital to our heritage.

James Donelon, South Pasadena

* * *

Tampa tries new pact on red-light cameras

Sept. 3

It's all about the money

"It's all about safety!" That is how red-light cameras were sold to us (and I
really do not think we were ever that gullible). And it is now, obviously, all
about the income they generate.

Red-light cameras have been repeatedly discarded by other communities - St.
Petersburg, Temple Terrace, Oldsmar, etc. They have been shown by numerous
studies to increase the crash rate. However, Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn and his
city lawyers continue to find ways to "sweeten" the deal by working with
American Traffic Solutions to guarantee the city its share of the honey pot.

In the meantime, Tampa residents continue suffering under a twisted form of
"taxation without representation" - all to fill the city's coffers. So much for
our rights as citizens to have a voice in how we are "taxed."

Deborah Bigness, Tampa

* * *

Immigration

Valuable part of economy

Aside from the lack of caring and empathy shown by those who espouse deporting
the 11 million undocumented migrant workers currently in this country, I wonder
what those same folks will think when:

- There is no one available to mow their lawn, do landscaping in their yards, or
put a new roof on their house (or build a new house).

- There is no one to take care of their hotel rooms or work in the restaurants
when they go away on vacation.

- There is no one around to pick crops, so the grocery store produce sections
are empty when they go shopping.

These are some of the essential or otherwise beneficial services that migrant
workers provide every day and that we most likely take for granted. Do we really
want to find out what our lives would be like without them?

Anne Burnham, Palm Harbor

* * *

Law and order

Obey police commands

Just a word of caution to citizens of this nation. I was taught early on that
when an officer of the law gave me an order, I was to obey. Whatever happened to
that type of behavior taught to children?

I am now in my late 70s and have never failed to obey that seldom-given order,
but I am still alive and well. My children learned that law of the land and are
also alive and well.

Take heed when an officer of the law gives you an order - obey it with a simple
"Yes, sir." Works wonders.

Dottie Clark, Apollo Beach

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 29, 1989 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

IBO'S CURSE: AIRLINE SUED OVER A BODY

BYLINE: Source: Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 468 words


PHILADELPHIA, Wednesday: When the body of Olamma Onyeanusi finally arrived home
in Nigeria in October 1986 from Philadelphia, eight days late, her casket was
battered and warped, her body fetid and decomposing.

But to Olamma Onyeanusi's people, the Ibo, it was worse: the casket had been
wrapped in burlap and shipped upside down - powerful Ibo symbols reserved for
people who committed suicide and were criminals in life, respectively.

Her son, Dr Onyebuchim Onyeanusi, who flew ahead to be in Nigeria when the body
returned, said: "I knew it was a sign I had been cursed."

Olamma Onyeanusi was buried the next day, hastily and in shame.

Now the case of Olamma Onyeanusi has been exhumed in an unusual Federal lawsuit
filed in Philadelphia by her son - and 97 Ibo relatives - against Pan Am, the
airline that flew her body home, and the local funeral home that prepared the
body.

Dr Onyeanusi filed the suit in Philadelphia because his mother had died here of
pneumonia on October 1, 1986, while visiting him in Germantown, Pennsylvania.

The Ibo are suing Pan Am for mental anguish, breach of contract, and intentional
infliction of emotional distress, claiming the airline's mishandling of the body
violated deep-rooted Ibo burial customs - and caused them to be cursed.

The suit alleges that since the trip, Olamma's relatives have suffered dismal
yam harvests, a near drowning, a choking incident, broken wedding plans,
unemployment, and an epidemic that killed almost 2,700 poultry, goats and sheep.

There's even an allegation that Olamma's ghost roams restlessly about her native
village of Ozuakoli in eastern Nigeria, despite the thick chains her family
piled atop her grave to hold her down.

"My mother is angry," Dr Onyeanusi said.

The suit alleges that Videon Funeral Homes, of Broomall, Philadelphia,
mishandled the body, too. But lawyers for both the funeral home and the Ibo said
it appeared the alleged mishandling occurred after Videon delivered the body to
Pan Am.

Videon's lawyer Mr Peter Dunn said proving the Ibo claims to Pan Am, or a judge
and jury in a Western courtroom, would be difficult.

The Ibo, Mr Dunn said, "have to persuade a lot of people their psychic injuries
have real dollar damages".

Emeka Akaezuwa, an Ibo who heads an African think-tank at Rutgers University,
said: "In Ibo culture people expect family members to handle burials with the
body in good condition. If not, the family loses respect. And if you lose
respect in an Ibo community, you're as good as dead."

Pan Am has denied all of the suit's allegations, according to court records.

Dr Onyeanusi , 49, a Philadelphia resident with an American wife and children,
has a Master's degree and a PhD from Temple University. He believes he's cursed
by the Ibo gods.

"If I don't believe in Ibo gods, I don't exist," Dr Onyeanusi said.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            January 13, 2003 Monday

Complaint regarding Shanley discounted;
Bishop vouched for alleged sexual abuser

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


A Catholic bishop sued for mishandling sexual abuse allegations against the Rev.
Paul Shanley acknowledged writing a letter to San Bernardino church officials
vouching for him despite a complaint that Shanley had spoken graphically about
sadomasochism.

A former Boston diocese official, Bishop Robert J. Banks, now bishopof Green
Bay, Wis., said he did not know of any sexual-abuse allegations against Shanley
when he wrote a letter of recommendation for him in 1990 to the Diocese of San
Bernardino.

Banks said he discounted a complaint from a patient at a psychiatrichospital who
said Shanley "came on' to him by talking about sadomasochism. Banks told the
patient that Shanley denied the allegation.

Banks served as an auxiliary bishop and vicar for administration underCardinal
Bernard Law from 1984 to 1990. He is accused, along with Law, of mishandling
allegations against Shanley in a civil lawsuit filed Jan. 2 in San Bernardino
Superior Court.

The lawsuit was filed by 30-year-old Big Bear Lake resident KevinEnglish, who
accuses Banks, Law and other church officials of covering up for Shanley and
recommending him to the Diocese of San Bernardino.

English said he met Shanley after Easter services in 1990 when he was17 years
old. He alleges that Shanley seduced him, verbally and emotionally abused him,
and pimped him to other men over a three-year period.

Transcripts from two days of depositions in the Shanley case werereleased
publicly Monday.

When questioned by Roderick MacLeish Jr., a lawyer for alleged victimsof
Shanley, about the letter he wrote to the Diocese of San Bernardino, Banks said
he did not consider the man's claim to be an allegation of sexual abuse.

Banks said that when he questioned Shanley about the alleged incident,he became
"irate' and then said he couldn't recall the conversation he had with the man.
Banks said he then dropped the matter.

"I felt that the person could do something if he wanted to and thathe could
speak to the hospital authorities,' Banks said.

"You felt that as far as the Church was concerned, the matter wasconcluded and
there was nothing you could do?' MacLeish asked.

"That's right,' replied Banks.

Shanley was arrested in San Diego in May and has pleaded not guilty ina
Massachusetts court to 10 counts of child rape and six counts of indecent
assault and battery.

In the deposition, Banks also acknowledged that in 1985 three yearsbefore his
meeting with the patient he had seen a copy of a letter sent to church officials
by a Rochester, N.Y., woman who said she had heard Shanley give a talk in which
he said that in pedophilia, the child is the seducer, not the adults.

Banks was asked why, knowing about the two complaints, he did not sendShanley
for a psychiatric evaluation to determine whether it was safe for him to
continue working as a priest.

"As far as I was concerned, he talked too freely about sex. That wasthe
problem,' Banks said.

Banks also noted that Shanley had been assigned to work with the gaycommunity
and to do street ministry.

"Therefore, it did not surprise me that he would speak more freelyabout sex than
the ordinary person,' Banks said.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

North Carolina lawyers' bill would wrest control of closings

BYLINE: Paul Tharp

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1467  words


Doing a closing is the practice of law - and it isn't.

It depends whom you ask, where you are and which part of a "closing" you're
doing.

Last week the State Bar council adopted a resolution supporting H. 690, a bill
pending in the General Assembly that would "clarify the law with respect to the
involvement of attorneys in closings," according to Rep. Tim Moore, R-Cleveland,
one of the bill's co-sponsors.

"At the end of the day it is a consumer-protection law," Moore told Lawyers
Weekly.

But the bill does more than clarify existing law, said Paul Stock, executive
vice president and counsel for the North Carolina Bankers Association. The
organization wants explicit language consistent with the Bar's Authorized
Practice Advisory Opinion 2002-1, describing the limited functions non-lawyers
can undertake in closings.

"Lenders are permitted to conduct their own loan closings under current law, and
we want to protect that," Stock said.

H. 690 would also create a private cause of action for consumers harmed by the
unauthorized practice of law and would make the unauthorized practice of law a
felony.

Raleigh real estate attorney William Titchener said that prosecutors don't
prosecute UPL. "They don't want to invest resources in those kinds of
white-collar crimes," he said.

A private cause of action would provide consumers with a check against illegal
closing practices. But Stock said the Bankers Association and large banking
institutions like Wells Fargo and Bank of America are leery. "I can't say there
is ever a time we're excited about a new cause of action," he said.

The association has suggested adding language to the bill that would create a
reciprocal cause of action against attorneys who fail to properly supervise
non-attorneys handling closings. "The sauce that's good for the goose is good
for the gander," Stock said. "If we really want to clean up the real estate
marketplace, then we should treat lawyers who are mishandling closings the same
way we treat non-lawyers who are mishandling them. "

But Raleigh attorney Benjamin R. Kuhn said that Chapter 84 already allows double
damages against attorneys who engage in fraudulent practices. "There are already
plenty of avenues for aggrieved clients to seek redress against attorneys," he
said.

Stock said the frequent invocation (and codification in H. 690) by attorneys of
million-dollar errors and omissions insurance - a minimum requirement by title
insurers to allow attorneys to conduct real estate closings in the state - is a
smokescreen.

"We should always have financially responsible parties conducting closings,
whether they are lawyers or non-lawyers," Stock said "Having malpractice
insurance is not a panacea. " Some real estate attorneys steal money, he said,
and when they do, not every victim is made whole.

Kuhn suggested a compromise that would reduce damages for the unauthorized
practice of law to double damages instead of treble damages, synchronizing it
with the fraud provision in Chapter 84.

Stock said the Bankers Association wants the cause of action dropped from the
bill barring the addition of a reciprocal cause of action against lawyers. If an
agreement can't be reached, "We will oppose it," he said. "We have some
sentiment on our side. It does generate a fair amount of comedy to hear bankers
and lawyers argue about who is more worried about consumers. "   All about
consumers

Real estate attorneys interviewed by Lawyers Weekly say the impetus behind H.
690 is consumer protection and preserving the sanctity of public land records.

Moore, the bill's co-sponsor, said he's seen "examples where real estate
closings have gone sideways and folks have not received good title to properties
when non-attorneys have been involved in closings. "

Non-attorney closings rose to prominence in the state as a result of confusion
over which portions of a closing constitute the practice of law in the wake of
the Bar's adoption APAO 2002-1, numerous attorneys said.

That wasn't the Bar's fault, according to Kuhn. The opinion answers the question
of whether a non-lawyer can handle a residential real estate closing with one
word: No.

But APAO 2002-1 also provides that "So long as a non-lawyer does not engage in
... the practice of law, a non-lawyer may ... present and identify the documents
necessary to complete a North Carolina residential real estate closing, direct
the parties where to sign the documents ... ensure that the parties have
properly executed the documents [and] receive and disburse the closing funds. "

"The second part of that opinion has been glommed onto by those who want to
break into the North Carolina real estate market," Kuhn said. That and G.S. §§
45A-3(14) and (15) and G.S. § 45A-4's use of the term "settlement agent" and not
"attorney" have led to a tradition of attorneys performing all the functions of
a real estate closing being turned on its head, he said.

"Non-attorney settlement shops took the process away from attorneys and made
attorneys their agents," Kuhn said. "Now settlement agents prepare deeds and
shove them in front of attorneys to sign off on them. They do the title work and
get attorneys to sign off on the certifications. After they record, attorneys
sign the final title opinions to get title insurance. "

Gastonia real estate attorney Keith Hance said non-attorney settlement shops
skirt the law by contracting with "an attorney somewhere who, for whatever
reason, acts as a rubber stamp for acts these non-lawyers are performing that
should either be performed or overseen by an attorney. "

The practice has "worked demonstrably to the detriment of consumers in North
Carolina," he said.

Titchener said companies like LendingTree use captive settlement agencies to
close loans, "which is convenient for the borrower because they have a notary
show up at their house at night to sign papers. "

LendingTree's settlement agency is LendingTree Settlement Services "a majority
owned subsidiary of LendingTree, LLC," according to the company's website. The
company had not provided a response to Lawyers Weekly's request for comment by
press time.

If it uses its own subsidiaries or affiliates to close loans in North Carolina,
it is not alone.

Last year Lawyers Weekly reported that during a two-week period in Buncombe
County, over half of recorded deeds of trust showed that national lenders were
closing loans with out-of-state agencies such as Custom Recording Solutions of
California, MDA Lending Solutions of Delaware, Network Funding of Texas and
Fisery Lending of Illinois (See "Lawyers left out: Settlement shops drive dirt
lawyers out, costs and claims for consumers up" in the June 14, 2010, issue of
Lawyers Weekly).

"If an attorney is involved anywhere in the settlement shop process, it's not
apparent," Charlotte attorney Pender McElroy said.

And that's bad, said Charlotte real estate attorney Robert Burris. "It clearly
benefits the public to have attorneys involved in real estate closings. I have
to go to the periodontist Thursday. Do I want my banker to come do the work? No.
"

But Stock doesn't buy the consumer-protection argument. "This is being
positioned as consumer protection, but when people are making money off the
business they're trying to protect, the argument doesn't ring the same way," he
said.

He said he is aware of no statistics that suggest consumers fare better or that
closing prices are lower in North Carolina because of its attorney closing
system.

"The Federal Trade Commission threatened a lawsuit [against the Bar] about ten
years ago over this," Stock said. "And it continues to maintain the position
that giving consumers a choice brings down costs," he said.

That threatened suit, attorneys say, led to the Bar's adoption of APAO 2002-1.
That opinion opened a door that attorneys now seek to close.

  APAO 2002-1

Q. May a non-lawyer handle a residential real estate closing

for one or more of the parties to the transaction?

A. No.

But a non-lawyer may:

Present and identify the documents;

Direct the parties where to sign the documents;

Ensure that the parties have properly executed the documents; and

Receive and disburse the closing funds.

  Highlights of H. 690

Short title: Supervise RE Closings/Settlement Funds

Closings and settlements "shall be supervised" by licensed N.C. attorney.

UPL becomes a felony.

Failure to pay Bar dues and complete CLE becomes a misdemeanor.

Establishes private cause of action for the unauthorized practice of law with
treble damages.

Bankers Association wants a reciprocal private cause of action against lawyers.

  Related statutes

Ch. 45A - Good Funds Settlement Act

G.S. § 45A-3(14): "Settlement" carried out by "settlement agent,"  not attorney

G.S. § 45A-3 (15): "Settlement agent" is person responsible for conducting
settlement

G.S. § 45A-4: Describes closing duties of "settlement agent"

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          September 20, 2006 Wednesday

Rainey quits county assessment office  ;
'Discrepancies' in checks probe

BYLINE: P.J. Reilly, Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


P.J. REILLY

The head of Lancaster County's assessment office resigned Monday morning.

Phil Rainey, who headed the office since 2000, delivered his resignation to
county commissioners first thing in the morning amid an investigation regarding
the mishandling of checks by an employee in his office.

"During the course of our investigation, there were some discrepancies between
what we were told (by Rainey) and what we discovered, and we gave Mr. Rainey the
opportunity to explain those discrepancies," said Don Elliott, the county's
chief administrative officer. "Phil chose not to address those discrepancies and
turned in his resignation instead."

Today, Elliott said, he plans to recommend the commissioners appoint Dee Dee
McGuire, deputy director of the assessment office, as interim director until a
full-time replacement for Rainey can be found.

"I can think of no one who is more qualified to handle this position right now
than Dee Dee," Elliott said.

McGuire said she "will do whatever I'm asked to do for the benefit of the county
and this office."

County officials in late August discovered more than 800 uncashed checks, dating
back to 2003, totaling $1.3 million in the desk drawer of former assessment
office employee Dave Straub.

Straub was county administrator of Pennsylvania's Clean and Green
land-preservation program, which provides tax breaks to property owners who
agree to not develop their land. If they decide to develop their land, they must
pay rollback taxes.

Straub quit his job shortly before the checks were discovered, but after he was
confronted by McGuire about using his workplace computer for recreation.

County officials said he was not fired over the mishandling of the checks.

Since the checks were discovered, the county has been investigating "how this
happened and why it happened," Elliott said.

The investigation involved Elliott, Rainey and the county offices of the
recorder of deeds, controller, treasurer and district attorney.

Although he declined to elaborate, Elliott said "not all the information we
received matched up" with what Rainey reported.

The commissioners scheduled a meeting with Rainey for Monday morning to give him
a chance to explain his side of the story, said Commissioner Pete Shaub.

"I wanted to make sure he had the opportunity to share anything he had to tell
us about this situation," Shaub said. "We gave him the opportunity to meet with
us, and he chose not to."

Contacted at his home Monday afternoon, Rainey declined to comment on his
resignation.

County Recorder of Deeds Steve McDonald said Rainey should have been fired when
the checks first were discovered.

"If he were my employee, he would have been removed three and a half weeks ago,"
McDonald said.

The recorder of deeds office is responsible for documenting when new properties
are enrolled in the Clean and Green program and when properties leave the
program.

"The proper filing of these documents is important to reflect the appropriate
uses of these properties," McDonald said.

McDonald said the main thing now is to have a new director for the assessment
office.

"The need for new leadership in that office was clear - however that had to
happen," he said.

According to Elliott, Rainey last Friday gave him a list of new policies and
procedures to ensure actions like Straub's don't happen again.

"I am confident that this will not happen again," he said. "One of the problems
was that one individual was responsible for everything. Now, all the county
stakeholders involved in this program will be part of the process."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

El Paso County Commissioners approve spending $200K in security equipment for
Ascarate Park

BYLINE: By Aileen B. Flores / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


Cameras, vehicle counters and other security equipment will be installed at
Ascarate Park in an effort to prevent mishandling of funds collected at the
popular hangout, county leaders said Monday.

The El Paso County Commissioners Court on Monday approved spending about
$200,000 to upgrade security at the park, and also adopted policies and
procedures for handling money collected from entrance and rental fees. Starting
May 1, the park fees will be collected up to 10 p.m. but the park will remain
open until 11 p.m.

The move comes as a result of the recent criminal investigation into possible
embezzlement of funds by park employees.

"These are controls that should have been in place for some time now and could
have avoided the most recent of issues that we had at Ascarate Park," said Pat
Adauto, the special projects director for the county.

Adauto referred to the recent arrests of two former county employees by
sheriff's investigators.

Former Ascarate Park manager Reynaldo "Ray" Chavez is accused of theft by a
public servant over $20,000 and under $100,000, and former county accounting
clerk Mayra Navarrete was arrested on suspicion of forging signatures on cash
count sheets meant to track entrance fee collections. Also under investigation
is the county's former special events coordinator, Steve Lazarin, who recently
resigned, Adauto said.

According to documents, the county is expected to spend more than $197,000 in
secure safes and drawers, door locks, vehicle counters, security cameras and
alarms, and information technology. About $135,000 will be used for equipment
that will allow the county to accept credit and debit cards at the park in the
near future. Currently, visitors can only pay with cash.

Adauto said the improvements are going to be made throughout the park, including
the golf course, swimming pool, pavilion and the gate.

The new policies and procedures are meant to better staff the park's gate from 6
a.m. till 10 p.m. and better define what constitutes a special event when
entrance fees are higher.

Under the new rules, county employees will be at the gate at all times Friday,
Saturday, Sunday and on holidays, rather than working sporadic hours.

The park will open at 6 a.m. and close at 11 p.m.

The entrance fee per vehicle will be $2 on weekends and $5 on holidays and
special events. Entrance is free on Mondays through Thursday.

Under the new policy, an event is considered a special event if it brings more
than 200 people into the park.

A sign will be installed at the entrance of the park with information on the
fees and hours of operation, officials said.

The policy also will be implemented at the Sporkspark and other county venues in
the future, Adauto said.

Commissioner David Stout, who represents the Ascarate area, said the upgrades
will help mitigate future problems and keep employees from mishandling money.

"If you have security cameras and you have a system set up, people are going to
be much less likely to want to take the money," Stout said.

In addition, the policies and procedures will help employees at the park know
what is expected of them when it comes to collecting, counting and depositing
money, Stout said.

In other action Monday, commissioners approved advertising a request for
qualifications for environmental consultant services.

"It's not for any specific issue," Adauto said. "It's just to have it on hand so
if we ever need it in the future, we have an on-call contractor."

The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality recently issued a violation notice
to the county for the illegal dumping of asphalt in a long-closed Fabens
landfill.

Aileen B. Flores may be reached at 546-6362.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ascarate Park will be undergoing changes to its entrance fees and
hours, starting May 1. Cameras, vehicle counters and other security equipment
also will be installed in an effort to prevent mishandling of funds collected at
the popular hangout, county leaders said Monday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 17, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

METRO DIGEST

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 527 words



NEW YORK CITY

OFFICER IS CLEARED IN YOUTH'S DEATH

A grand jury in Brooklyn has voted not to indict a police officer in the death
of a 16-year-old honors student who was shot in the head two months ago in
Sheepshead Bay, District Attorney Charles J. Hynes announced. B3.



2 DISCIPLINED IN MISHANDLING OF ASBESTOS

Two top officials at the Transit Authority became the first to be punished for
the mishandling of asbestos removal at six subway stations in Brooklyn and
Queens more than two years ago as the agency's president cut their salaries and
demoted one of them. B3.

EACH HURDLE IS A CHANCE TO SUCCEED

When Deborah G. Groeber marches with her dog Duncan in Columbia University's
graduation exercises, she will, she says, be thinking of the journey she has
made to attain her law degree and of those who helped her along the way. She
may, however, pause to think about those who once cautioned her not to set her
sights so high, since she is deaf and blind. If she smirks a little, it will be
understandable. About New York by Michael T. Kaufman, B3.

BRIDAL SHOP ROBBERS SENTENCED

Saying he hoped the victims no longer hated New York, a Manhattan judge gave
long sentences to two men convicted of the attempted murder and robbery of a
Maryland couple during a robbery last year at the elegant Vera Wang bridal salon
on the Upper East Side. B3.

REPORT SAYS CUTS COULD COST CITY

New York City's Comptroller issued a report that said some city and state budget
cuts could ultimately cost the city more money by forcing people now receiving
some health or welfare benefits to turn to more expensive government services.
B7.

BRONX STREET GANG LEADER CONVICTED

The leader of a street gang that terrorized a six-block neighborhood in the
Bronx for more than seven years was convicted of racketeering, kidnapping,
murder and extortion in Federal District Court in Manhattan. B7.

REGION

SUMMER HOME FOR ORCHESTRA?

The New York Philharmonic is seriously exploring the creation of a
Tanglewoodlike summer music festival at the State University's Purchase College
campus northeast of White Plains, where thousands could savor the orchestra's
music while picnicking. B6.

DYING WOMAN BATTLES BANK ON EVICTION

Earlier this month, the world came crashing down on Doris Sanders. Within hours,
she received a notice of eviction from her home of 19 years and learned she was
dying of cancer. B6.

ABORTIONS RISE FOR WELFARE MOTHERS

Abortions among New Jersey mothers on welfare crept up slightly after the state
began cutting off benefits for additional children born to a mother on welfare,
according to new figures. The revelations were quickly condemned by foes of
abortion, who have argued from the start that caps on welfare benefits would
promote abortion, as well as by abortion rights advocates, who condemn the law
for reducing welfare mothers' economic choices. B7.

CHANGES IN JUVENILE JUSTICE PLANNED

The Whitman administration announced a broad overhaul of New Jersey's juvenile
justice system that would make it easier for judges to lock up youthful
offenders. B4.

Chronicle B7

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "PULSE: The Landlord's Take" shows amount of annual rent, less
landlord's operating expenses and taxes, for prime office space in Midtown
Manhattan, Downtown Manhattan, Chicago, Washinggton and San Francisco. (Source:
Julien J. Studley Inc.)

TYPE: Summary

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             April 9, 2009 Thursday

Commentary: Upholding a just society

BYLINE: T. Andrew Brown

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 780  words


Stories of wrongful convictions sadly are all too common.

Their harm reaches well beyond the person who is wrongly convicted. Our entire
system of justice is compromised.

Locally, the occurrences of wrongful convictions are far fewer than in many
other places. Much credit is to be given to our area policing agencies and
prosecutors, the defense bar and our courts. Still, we must continue to strive
to eliminate all wrongful convictions and the underlying causes.

Over the past year a special task force, appointed by New York State Bar
Association President Bernice Leber, studied wrongful convictions in New York.
The task force, made up of distinguished state and federal judges, prosecutors,
defense attorneys, legal scholars and other criminal justice experts, was
charged with identifying the principal causes for wrongful convictions and, make
recommendations to eliminate them.

Its mission complete, the task force produced a report finding that the primary
factors behind most wrongful convictions fall into six categories:

* Government practices - errors by a prosecutor, member of law enforcement or
judge;

* Identification procedures - misidentification of the accused;

* Mishandling of forensic evidence;

* Use of false confessions;

* Use of jailhouse informants, later found to have falsified testimony; and

* Defense practices - failure to fully investigate or offer alternative
theories.

Identification procedures are the most common cause for wrongful convictions,
followed closely by government practices. The least common cause is the use of
jailhouse informants.

The task force provided a detailed list of recommendations to combat the
possibility of wrongful convictions, applying to each of the six areas.
Admittedly, knowing that no system can be perfect, it may be impossible to think
we ever will achieve a system completely free of wrongful convictions.
Implementation of any efforts that may reduce the chances is worthy of
consideration, however.

One of the principal causes identified - government practices - includes
mishandling and improper conduct by a prosecutor, a policing agent or judge. A
classic example is playing out now as I write this month's column - the case of
former U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens, R-Alaska.

Stevens was the longest serving member of the Senate until last year, when he
lost his bid for reelection as a result of fallout from being charged and
convicted of failing to disclose some $250,000 in goods and services. By some
media accounts following the initial charges, the evidence against Stevens
seemed significant. And no one was all that surprised when he eventually was
convicted. During the pending appeal, however, it was discovered that
significant prosecutorial misconduct occurred during the trial stage. Highly
relevant materials that should have been disclosed to defense counsel were not.
Those materials would have been significant in the Stevens's defense.

The misconduct of lawyers in the Justice Department was so violative and
flagrant that U.S. Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. moved last week to throw
out the conviction and dismiss the underlying charges that were filed against
Stevens. Had the charges not been filed against him in the first place, there is
strong belief that he would continue to be serving as a member of the U.S.
Senate.

Upon review of the Stevens case - an example of how not to prosecute a criminal
charge - we see that the presiding judge repeatedly admonished prosecutors for
improper actions throughout the handling of the case. The misconduct apparently
was to such degree that the judge just called for an investigation of the
prosecutors. If the improper action is found to be serious enough, it could
result in harsh disciplinary action.

The drive for convictions, including those that will make headlines, never
should be paramount to a system of fair justice. It may well be that, had the
prosecutors in Stevens's case played by the rules, he still would have been
convicted. The mishandling of the case, and the subsequent dismissal of the
charges, ultimately prevented us from ever knowing.

As a matter of safeguarding the integrity of our system of justice and public
confidence in our judicial system, the courts and the principal players must
insist on timely disclosures and other proper conduct to prevent wrongful
convictions. If full compliance with the rules means fewer convictions, that is
a fair price to pay for a more just society.

T. Andrew Brown is the managing partner of Brown & Hutchinson and president of
the Monroe County Bar Association. He practices in the areas of civil litigation
and employment and can be reached at (585) 454-5050; abrown @brownhutchinson.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

The Prosecutors Under Investigation

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 482 words


Brief biographical sketches of six federal prosecutors under investigation for
mishandling the trial of former senator Ted Stevens of Alaska.

BRENDA MORRIS: A longtime prosecutor with the Justice Department's public
integrity section, Morris now serves as its principal deputy. She helped
supervise the investigation of disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff and has
prosecuted corruption cases nationwide. She teaches corruption investigations
within the Justice Department and is a professor at Georgetown Law School.
Morris, a graduate of Howard University Law School, served as the lead attorney
in the Stevens trial, giving the government's opening statement and
cross-examining the defendant.

NICHOLAS MARSH: One of two public integrity trial attorneys on the case, Marsh
handled much of the courtroom work during the trials of Alaska lawmakers caught
up in the scandal. He has been part of numerous other public corruption
investigations, including a scheme in Mississippi to defraud a $400 billion
fen-phen settlement. An FBI whistleblower accused Marsh of intentionally
withholding evidence from Stevens and sending a witness back to Alaska during
the trial to prevent potentially damaging testimony. The prosecution team denies
those accusations.

JOSEPH W. BOTTINI: An assistant U.S. attorney in Alaska, Bottini was a key
figure in the Stevens case. He questioned the government's star witness, Bill
Allen, and delivered the second half of the government's closing argument. Much
of Allen's testimony had been discredited. The contempt investigation will look
into whether prosecutors knew there was evidence of inconsistencies in Allen's
statements but concealed it. Bottini graduated from California Western School of
Law in San Diego.

WILLIAM WELCH II: The chief of the public integrity section, Welch supervised
the Stevens case but did not participate in the trial. He has supervised every
major public corruption case brought by the department in the past several
years. Welch, a graduate of Northwestern University Law School and a former
prosecutor in Springfield, Mass., prosecuted former veterans hospital nurse
Kristen Gilbert, who was charged with killing four patients by injecting them
with a heart stimulant. He has been mentioned as a possible candidate for the
U.S. attorney job in Massachusetts.

EDWARD SULLIVAN: The other public integrity trial attorney in the case, Sullivan
has been part of the trial team that won convictions of several Alaska lawmakers
caught up in the corruption scandal. But he played a mostly behind-the-scenes
role in the Stevens trial and his role in preparing the mishandling of evidence
is unclear.

JAMES GOEKE: An assistant U.S. attorney in Alaska, Goeke also had a largely
behind-the-scenes role in the Stevens trial. He has been a key figure in the
prosecution of other politicians wrapped up in the Alaska corruption scandal.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Indianapolis Business Journal

                                  May 7, 2012

Is it law enforcement or a circus? Hard to tell

LENGTH: 617 words


Is it law enforcement or a circus? Hard to tell

SHUFFLING OF leadership at Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department, looming
audits and a high-profile trial down the pike have more than a few Hoosiers
wondering just what exactly is going on with our police department. Mayor
Ballard finds himself at the helm of a department with an uncertain future.

The department is in the midst of what we could politely call "restructuring"
following the revelation that, yet again, a key piece of evidence in the David
Bisard case has been mishandled. This news has prompted the resignation and
reprimand of several IMPD employees and placed Public Safety Director Frank
Straub in an unenviable position until he resigned late last month.

As if that were not enough, IMPD faces a budget crisis that compromises the
department and that will undoubtedly challenge Straub's successor.

The mishandling of evidence from the 2010 accident involving IMPD officer David
Bisard and three victims-motorcyclists Mary Mills, Kurt Weekly and Eric
Wells-has been at best negligent. Three times Bisard's blood sample has been
compromised. Initially, the sample was collected improperly. Then, it was stored
improperly. Now, we discover the remaining sample was left unrefrigerated for
months.

Just what exactly is going on? How often does something like this happen? The
repeated mismanagement of this evidence is just the kind of thing that sets
people to thinking about words like corruption, cover-ups and mischief.

It is notable that none of the demotions, suspensions and resignations in the
department have resulted in termination. All these individuals remain employed
by IMPD.

Following his resignation, former police chief Paul Ciesielski remains an IMPD
employee, with the rank of captain. His new assignment is pending. Acting Chief
Rick Hite, who has been with the department nearly two years, still does not
have credentials as a police officer in Indiana. A "paperwork issue" indeed,
mayor.

Does anyone find this strange? Granted, I am not a veteran of any law
enforcement branch and I have simplistic knowledge of its structure and
organization, but it seems that, given the grave mishandling of evidence and the
high-profile nature of this particular case and investigation, the individuals
involved with or overseeing this case should not be given a slap on the wrist
and be allowed to retain positions in this department.

Such action is shameful and compromises public trust. This recycling of staff
does little to ally the fears of a public who may think of the police department
as a good ol' boys club that goes out of its way to protect its own.

The IMPD budget is also upside down. And, whether relevant to the current budget
struggle or not, recommended and critical oversight has been absent. In 2007,
with the merger of the Marion County Sheriff's Department and IMPD, Indiana code
stipulated as a condition of the merger that three financial audits be conducted
within the first two years of the merger.

This did not happen under the direction of mayors Peterson or Ballard. We are
five years removed from this merger and yet this organization's finances have
seen no oversight. Again, how could such a provision be ignored?

Poor oversight, mismanagement and shoddy leadership have placed Ballard, Hite
and the entire IMPD in a compromising position as they attempt to rectify these
and presumably other inefficiencies and inadequacies. It will be interesting to
see who replaces Straub and how this department will respond in the coming
months. We must rely on the leadership of Ballard and the thoughtful judgment of
our City-County Council as they decide the direction of IMPD.

Let's hope IMPD cleans up its act.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 06, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

D.C. Schools Official Accused Of Mishandling Church Money

Debbi Wilgoren, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 529 words


A Washington minister who was elected to the D.C. Board of Education in November
has been accused by some congregants of mishandling church money and is
struggling with the church's board of trustees over who should control the
church.

A report written last month by a Berean Baptist Church investigation committee
says the Rev. Robert G. Childs, 41, runs the church without a budget or proper
financial oversight.

The committee found that the church, in the 900 block of Madison Street NW, has
not paid income taxes for its employees for nearly three years and owes more
than $ 58,000 in taxes, penalties and interest. Church spending has been
unregulated, the report says, and there is no documentation of whether funds are
spent for the purpose for which they are collected.

Childs, who holds an at-large seat on the elected school board and is chairman
of its most important committee, dismissed the allegations yesterday as
"untruths." He referred specific questions to his lawyer, John C. Floyd III.

"I've been a pastor who has never fought our internal [disputes] in the public,"
Childs said in a telephone interview on his way to the airport to catch a flight
to Seattle to attend a conference on charter schools. "We do have concerns, and
they are being addressed, but I don't take them to the public."

Floyd said the church would order an independent audit and was "moving to pay
off the money" it owes in taxes. "That's something that needs to be done." But
he called the rest of the investigative report "garbage" and labeled Childs's
opponents "a group of malcontents."

Frederick Fisher, the chairman of the church trustee board, and other lay
leaders said Childs resigned April 20 after being confronted with the
allegations, then had his supporters show up at a church meeting Thursday and
vote by a show of hands to reinstate him. The church has 300 active members,
Fisher said.

But Childs said that he never resigned and that he has the April 20 meeting on
tape. The vote by congregants Thursday was "a vote of confidence," he said.

The congregants next voted to oust the trustees who opposed Childs, including
Fisher, a 40-year member and trustee chairman since 1995. They then approved a
motion made by Childs to revoke Fisher's "right hand of fellowship," a symbol of
becoming a church member, said Sylvia Parker, a church member and the office
manager until Thursday.

Parker said she left the meeting before it ended, but was later told that Childs
had announced who would remain on the church staff. Her name was not included,
Parker said, so she concluded she had lost her job. The meeting Thursday "was a
sham," she said. "None of the problems of the church have been addressed."

Childs, who lives with his wife and children in the 1600 block of Webster Street
NW, was the top vote-getter in a field of 14 for two at-large school board seats
in November. He received 46,511 votes -- 20 percent of the total.

Days after he was elected, the board lost most of its powers to an appointed
board of trustees. Its sole remaining responsibility is authorizing and
overseeing charter schools, an effort headed by Childs.

LOAD-DATE: May 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           September 21, 2012 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

Freed suspect might not be retried;
Methuen man pleaded guilty in Quincy oxycodone case

BYLINE:  Lane Lambert, The Patriot Ledger.

Neal Simpson contributed to this report. Lane Lambert may be reached at
llambert@ledger.com

SECTION: News; pg. 1

LENGTH: 634 words


DEDHAM

Convicted and now freed drug dealer David Danieli is back on the Norfolk County
District Attorney's Office prosecution list, but there's a good chance he may
never be retried.

Danieli, 49, of Methuen, was released on personal recognizance by Norfolk
Superior Court Judge Mitchell Kaplan on Thursday afternoon, more than a year
after he pleaded guilty to trafficking oxycodone prescription pills in Quincy
and got a 21/2-year jail sentence.

With the support of prosecutors for a plea withdrawal, he is the first Norfolk
County defendant to be released in the wake of a widening scandal at the
now-closed state drug laboratory in Jamaica Plain. A former state chemist is
accused of deliberately mishandling tens of thousands of drug samples there,
including Danieli's.

Wearing a gray T-shirt and shorts, Danieli entered the Dedham courtroom in arm
and leg shackles Thursday afternoon and later left the courthouse and climbed
into a waiting car without taking questions from a swarm of reporters and camera
crews.

Danieli's attorney, John T. Martin, told reporters that the court was "happy" to
let his client go without any conditions because he did not pose a danger "to
society or anyone else."

The release came hours after Gov. Deval Patrick appointed Boston lawyer and
former prosecutor David Meier of Belmont to lead a "boiler room" office to
oversee the review of criminal cases affected by the lab scandal.

Norfolk County District Attorney Michael Morrissey couldn't be reached for
immediate comment on the future of Danieli's case. His spokesman David Traub
said Danieli is "back on the trial list," but Traub said prosecutors may not be
able to retry Danieli.

Traub said he couldn't comment on the case, because it's back in court, but
Quincy detective Lt. Patrick Glynn said a retrial is in question because all 700
pills police seized during his arrest were sent to the Jamaica Plain lab.

Glynn said Thursday that Quincy detectives field-tested the pills when Danieli
and a second suspect were arrested in March 2011. That test confirmed the pills
were opioids. By standard rules, police then sent all the pills to the state
lab, where samples were tested.

The lab also verified the pills were oxycodone, and sent the whole batch back to
Quincy police along with a confirmation. But Glynn said the widespread
mishandling of drugs at the lab means prosecutors may not be able to verify that
the pills Quincy got back from the lab are the same ones police seized from
Danieli - so they may no longer have untainted evidence for a second trial.

Danieli was arrested in March 2011 with Michael Krakofsky, then 54, of
Wilmington. Quincy police stopped the two men in their pickup truck after they
left the site of what detectives described as a probable drug deal on Huckins
Avenue in the city's Squantum neighborhood.

Detectives seized 700 oxycodone pills worth $21,000, along with $4,000 in cash.
Danieli and Krakofsky were charged with oxycodone trafficking, conspiracy to
violate drug laws, and selling drugs within 1,000 feet of a school.

Despite doubts raised by police, Danieli's attorney said he was preparing for
his client to be tried again. Martin told reporters outside the courthouse that
the vacated plea resets the case to the day before Danieli pleaded guilty.

"It's still an open case," he said. "It has not been dismissed."

Danieli's request to withdraw his guilty plea was approved Wednesday by Suffolk
Superior Court Judge Paul Troy. Danieli's had to file his appeal there because
Troy was the Norfolk County judge who sentenced him in June 2011. Troy
subsequently moved to Suffolk County, but under court rules he would also hear
post-trial appeals.

WEB EXTRA & INSIDE

VIDEO: Watch Danieli's release at

PatriotLedger.com/video

WENDY MURPHY: Seeing through the haze of the drug lab story

Page 4

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Danieli, right, walks out of Norfolk Superior Court in Dedham a
free man after a hearing Thursday., GARY HIGGINS/The Patriot Ledger
As a result of state drug lab evidence mishandling, David Danieli was released
from Norfolk Superior Court in Dedham after a short hearing on Thursday., GARY
HIGGINS/The Patriot Ledger

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Patriot Ledger


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            November 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

LEGAL MORASS DEEPENS AT CEMETERY

BYLINE: BY EUGENE TONG Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N3

LENGTH: 404 words


GLENDALE -- The death of Grand View Memorial Park co-owner Marsha Lee Howard at
age 58 left attorneys and state regulators scrambling Monday to assess its
impact on the legal quagmire she left at the cemetery.

Howard, whose body was discovered Saturday by several workers at her residence
on cemetery grounds, was one of the targets of a state investigation into
alleged financial mismanagement and mishandling of human remains that led to
insolvency at the 121-year-old cemetery. She also was a defendant in several
civil lawsuits.

On Monday, the Cemetery and Funeral Bureau of the state Department of Consumer
Affairs dropped its action to revoke her business license. An autopsy is slated,
although police have said there was no apparent foul play at the scene.

But a state suspension order remains on the unkempt 25-acre cemetery, which
opened for just four hours on Sunday. Kevin Flanagan, a consumer-affairs
spokesman, said several questions need answers before Grand View can resume
normal operation.

``Who owns Ms. Howard's share of the cemetery?'' he said. ``Does he or she want
to reopen it? And if so, can he or she qualify for a license from the Cemetery
and Funeral Bureau?

``And, of course, there is also the issue of money, which is why Ms. Howard
closed the cemetery down to visitors in the first place.''

Howard became licensed to operate the cemetery at 1341 Glenwood Road in January
1999. But state regulators suspended operations there in November 2005 after
inspectors found the remains of some 4,000 people abandoned on floors and in
storage rooms and trash bins.

Criminal charges of embezzlement, reselling of graves and mishandling remains
were dismissed against Howard, pending further investigation, before her death.
But she became a defendant in civil lawsuits filed by dozens of plaintiffs who
owned plots or have loved ones interred at Grand View.

Paul Ayers, who is representing plaintiffs, said Howard's attorney filed a
notice of death with Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday. Both sides were
scheduled to meet this month.

Without Howard, her liability could fall to her heirs or to cemetery co-owner
Moshe Goldsman, he said.

Also on Monday, the Glendale Fire Department removed a bulging 15-gallon drum
from the cemetery residence. It was not immediately known what the contents
were, though it was marked ``cleaner-wax,'' department spokesman James Frawley
said.

eugene.tong@dailynews.com

(818) 546-3304

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday

EDITORIAL: AG should also probe Siegelman bribery case

BYLINE: The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 327 words


Apr. 12--The reversal of the federal criminal case against former Sen. Ted
Stephens, R-Alaska, should give former Alabama Gov. Don Siegleman hope his
conviction gets further review.

U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan last week threw out the conviction of the
85-year-old Stevens. The judge acted on a request from Attorney General Eric
Holder, saying he had never seen such mishandling of a case.

Mishandling for political reasons, of course, is what Siegelman and former
HealthSouth chief executive officer and company founder Richard Scrushy charge
about their 2007 federal convictions. The convictions and prison sentences were
for two payments equaling $500,000 from Scrushy to the former governor's state
education lottery campaign in 1999.

The government said the money was a bribe to put Scrushy back on the powerful
state Certificate of Need Review Board for hospitals.

Siegelman continues to charge that officials in the Bush administration
prosecuted him because he was the most powerful Democratic figure in Alabama and
they wanted him out of office.

A three-judge panel ruled recently it saw nothing wrong with the prosecution,
and the pair now want the full 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to take up the
case.

If a Democratic attorney general would ask a court to drop the conviction of
such a high-profile Republican as Stevens, Siegelman should at least expect him
to delve into his case.

We hope he does, if for no other reason than to remove the suspicion that his
was a political case designed to destroy a member of the opposition party.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090412-DD-EDITORIAL-AG-should-also-probe-Siegelman-bribery-case-0412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2009 The Decatur Daily


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ELECTION MATTERS BLOG: DUELING SHERIFFS IN COUNTY EXECUTIVE RACE;
A DAILY POLITICAL BRIEFING FROM JOHN NICHOLS

BYLINE: John Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 790 words


Election Day: April 7

Watch the latest Supreme Court forum: Wisconsin Eye has the video of the Madison
Rotary meeting featuring Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson and her challenger in
the April 7 election, Jefferson County Judge Randy Koschnick. Click here to
watch them go at it.

Police complaint provides opening for Mistele to highlight 911 issue

There is a good deal of talk around the political water coolers about the
decision of the Madison Police Department to file a a complaint over the Dane
County 911 Center's apparent mishandling of a call involving a life-and-death
matter.

The 911 Center has been at the center of the race for county executive, with
challenger Nancy Mistele claiming that incumbent Kathleen Falk failed to take
the steps necessary to get the failed center running well. Falk has countered
with studies detailing changes that have been made at the center since a
controversy arose over the mishandling of a call related to last year's Brittany
Zimmermann murder and a report that says the center is now "well run."

But the police complaint casts a shadow over Falk's claims and its timing, with
a high-profile filing a week before the election, can't help but benefit
Mistele.

At issue is a March 7 incident in which a 911 call was made about a car that had
been idling on a residential street. No police unit dispatched to check out the
vehicle. When a police officer finally did check the vehicle hours later, the
body of Farrell Kurlish was found in it. The Madison Police officer who
discovered Kurlish's body noted that, despite the call, "no officer was ever
called, nor was a case number created to check this vehicle."

The Madison Police Department has filed a formal complaint over the handling of
this incident at the 911 Center.

The Mistele campaign is playing the development for everything its worth:

After the Madison Police Department filed a complaint over Kathleen Falk's
latest 911 Center mishap involving the death of Farrell Kurlish, Dane County
Executive Candidate Nancy Mistele issued the following statement: "The Madison
Police Department complaint makes it clear that Kathleen Falk is more concerned
with covering up the disarray at her 911 Center than she is with fixing it. She
simply refuses to stand up, address problems and be held accountable. The
complaint yet again puts the Madison Police Department at odds with Kathleen
Falk who claims the call that prompted the MPD complaint was "handled properly."

After other mishandled 911 calls, Falk put a "when in doubt, dispatch" policy in
effect and claimed that had fixed the problems. As the MPD complaint clearly
alleges, Falk's "when in doubt, dispatch" policy has failed and another has paid
for Falk's failure with their life.

If Madison police officers, as well as police throughout the county, don't feel
they can rely on the 911 Center, how can citizens feel they can rely on the 911
Center when someone's life may hang in the balance?

Ouch.

Calling on Sheriff Mahoney

The return of the 911 Center issue -- if it ever went way -- will undoubtedly
see a return of Dane County Sheriff Dave Mahoney to the hustings.

Mahoney, a Falk backer, has taken a lead in mounting defenses of the executive
and criticizing Mistele for mounting a "shameful" campaign and "exploiting a
tragedy."

In races like this one, it does little good for an incumbent to defend herself.
With the Madison Police wading into things, Falk needs a character witness to
vouch for her. That's the role Mahoney plays when he says: "In these tough
times, we need leaders who address the challenges we face, not politicians who
are willing to use tragedy for political purposes."

Here's Mahoney's recent radio ad on the 911 issue.

Mahoney for Abrahamson

Mahoney's also featured in Chief Justice Shirley Abrahamson's television ads.

"The chief?" says the sheriff to a camera that seems to be riding with him as he
cruises the streets at night. "She's law enforcement's ally."

Here's Mahoney's ad for Abrahamson.

Hamblin ramps up campaigning for Mistele

Mistele held a "tele-town hall meeting" last night where voters were invited to
call in and talk with the candidate.

No big deal there. What was a big deal was that former Sheriff Gary Hamblin
participated in the session on "Mistele's plans for a safer, stronger Dane
County."

Hamblin, Mistele's greatest campaign asset, is doing more and more for her in
the final days before the election.

Here's a video of Mistele and Hamblin.

Says Hamblin: "Kathleen Falk only makes public safety a priority when its to her
advantage politically."

Ouch, again.

Here's Hamblin's full statement on Mistele and Falk.

A debate?

Election Matters wonders: Maybe we should just skip the formalities and have
Mahoney debate Hamblin?

John Nichols - 4/02/2009 6:44 am

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  To view the Web version of the story, go to -
http://www.madison.com/tct/news/stories/445497

GRAPHIC: File photo Former Sheriff Gary Hamblin is county executive candidate
Nancy Mistele's greatest campaign asset.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

SINCE YOU ASKED

LENGTH: 995 words


"Television is where the great movies that used to exist have gone."

"The Hobbit" and "Sherlock" star MARTIN FREEMAN, who is appearing in the first
10 episodes of the new Fox series "Fargo," says the series maintains the dark
comedy of the Coen brothers' original film.,RiRi settles suit with
accountants,Pop star Rihanna has agreed to settle a lawsuit with her former
accountants accusing them of mismanaging her finances and costing her millions
of dollars, lawyers for the parties told a federal judge April 17.

The terms of the deal were not disclosed during a brief hearing before U.S.
District Judge Kevin Castel in New York. Lawyers for RiRi and for the
defendants, accounting firm Berdon and former employees Michael Mitnick and
Peter Gounis, declined to comment.

The lawsuit, filed by RiRi in 2012, said Berdon charged "exorbitant" commissions
from her concert tours, causing significant financial losses. It also accused
Berdon of mishandling RiRi's foreign and domestic taxes and failing to monitor
unpaid song royalties.

The Barbados-born RiRi, 26, whose real name is Robyn Fenty, is one of the
world's most successful recording artists, with a string of worldwide hits
including the singles "Umbrella" and "Diamonds." She has won seven Grammy
awards.

When she first hired Berdon, the lawsuit claimed, she was only 16 years old and
knew nothing about financial matters.

As a result of the firm's mishandling of her finances, RiRi suffered major
losses during her 2010 "Last Girl on Earth" tour, even as Berdon collected
millions of dollars in commissions, the lawsuit claimed.

Spokesmen for RiRi and for Berdon were not immediately available for comment.

"" Reuters,What is my favorite actor, Tom Hanks, doing next? "" P.S.

Apart from his many producing activities, Tom is shooting the drama "A Hologram
for the King" and goes next into "The Lost Symbol," re-creating his "Da Vinci
Code" character Robert Langdon in another mystery.
"" Robin Adams Sloan, King Features Syndicate,Campbell moved to care center

Glen Campbell has been moved into an Alzheimer's disease care facility, a friend
of his family has told People magazine.

The singer's battle with Alzheimer's has sparked an outpouring of support and
sympathy from fans since he and his wife, Kim, went public with his diagnosis in
2011. They explained their decision as being motivated by his wish to continue
performing as long as possible, and said he didn't want audiences speculating
about what might be the cause of his occasional forgetfulness of song lyrics,
confusion and repetition of between-song banter.

People's report suggested the move could be temporary, and quoted the source as
saying, "I'm not sure what the permanent plan is for him yet. We will know more
next week."

The Arkansas native, who worked as a session guitarist in Hollywood recording
studios and performed with the Beach Boys before becoming a star in his own
right, launched a formal "farewell tour" in 2012. But last spring, he canceled
performances as his condition deteriorated, and he was unable to travel for
shows in Australia and New Zealand.

Before that, however, he played a final L.A. concert at the Hollywood Bowl,
where Los Angeles Times pop-music critic Randall Roberts said he performed with
"effortless grace, and had he not announced in 2011 that he was living with
Alzheimer's disease, few in the crowd would have been the wiser. In fact, he was
sharper and more precise during this gig than he was last year at Club Nokia,
where he kicked off the Farewell Tour."

Glen and his wife sold their Malibu home at the end of 2012. He released two
well-received albums recorded as he was beginning to experience the symptoms of
Alzheimer's: "Ghost in the Canvas" in 2011 and "See You There," consisting of
new versions of many of his signature songs mostly recorded during the "Ghost in
the Canvas" sessions, in 2013.

"" Los Angeles Times,Tree-huggers party at Carnegie Hall

Near the end of the first half of April 17's 25th Anniversary Rain Forest
benefit concert at Carnegie Hall, chairwoman Trudie Styler introduced a man who
recently learned he was going to be a grandfather, and out came former President
Bill Clinton.

After Bill praised the Rain Forest Foundation, he thanked Sting, Trudie and
others for their efforts for the organization. Then he acknowledged Kevin
Spacey.

"I know Kevin Spacey made fun of me earlier," he told the crowd.

Bill was referring to Kevin doing an imitation of him praising Kevin's Netflix
series, "House of Cards," where the actor plays the president of the United
States.

Kevin walked out onstage and greeted Bill.

The former president told the actor, "I was always accused of getting away with
murder, but Spacey actually does it in 15 minutes," eferring to a scene in the
first episode of the second season.

As for the benefit concert, the exception often became the rule with performers
leaving their comfort zones to entertain the audience.

The show opened with Sting and Kevin sitting at a bar performing a duet of Cole
Porter's "Well Did You Evah (What a Swell Party This Is)," backed by a huge
orchestra. They eventually were joined by James Taylor, who entered the stage
wearing a lampshade on his head.

At the end of the number, Sting welcomed everyone and introduced Kevin as
President Underwood, his "House of Cards" character.

After opera singer Renee Fleming did her first selection early in the show, she
requested a partner to accompany her on an excerpt from "Don Giovanni," and out
came Sting. After accompanying her seamlessly in Italian, Kevin walked out with
a giant daffodil in his mouth and joined in.

The Rain Forest Foundation Fund was founded in 1989 by Sting, Trudie and
Jean-Pierre Dutilleux.

In her speech, Trudie spoke of the global importance of protecting rain forests
around the world, and said that she and Sting no longer mind being described as
"tree-hugging tantric yogis."

"" Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

NFL fumbles Brown investigation; Abuse policies back in spotlight after Goodell
said 'mistakes can never be repeated'

BYLINE: Rob Maaddi, The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A71

LENGTH: 515 words


After mishandling Ray Rice's domestic violence incident two years ago, NFL
commissioner Roger Goodell said "I got it wrong" and vowed "the same mistakes
can never be repeated."

It doesn't appear the league learned its lesson.

The NFL placed kicker Josh Brown on paid leave Friday, a day after reopening its
investigation into the 2015 domestic abuse complaint against the 14-year
veteran. Brown, who was originally drafted into the league by the Seattle
Seahawks, said in journal entries and emails released by police Thursday he
repeatedly verbally and physically abused his former wife Molly Brown.

The revelations left fans outraged because Brown received only a onegame
suspension following the league's 10-month investigation into the case.

So the big question is this: How much did the New York Giants know and what did
the NFL know about Brown's history of abusing his ex-wife?

"You very rarely have a Ray Rice video," Giants co-owner John Mara said in
August.

Mara told WFAN radio Thursday he was upset about the latest information.

"I am certainly disturbed by what we read," Mara said. "He has admitted to us
that he abused his wife in the past. I think what is a little unclear is the
extent of that, but what we have read about is obviously disturbing."

The league said its "investigators made repeated attempts - both orally and in
writing - to obtain any and all evidence and relevant information in this case
from the King County (Wash.) Sheriff's Office."

They were denied because it was an ongoing investigation.

However, Sheriff John Urquhart told KIRO Radio in Seattle the NFL failed to go
through proper channels and the investigator didn't identify himself as working
for the league.

"At no time has the NFL ever filed a written public disclosure request for any
of these files. Period. It's never happened," Urquhart told the station.

Goodell explained the league's position Friday in a BBC interview.

"You have to make decisions on whatever information you have," Goodell said in a
transcript provided by the BBC. "We take this issue incredibly seriously. ...
When it happens, we're not going to tolerate it.

So we have some new information here, we'll evaluate that in the context of our
policy and we'll take it from there."

Molly did not respond to messages from The Associated Press seeking comment. A
law firm representing the kicker declined to comment. Here's some of the
information and allegations police summarized based on interviews they conducted
with Molly: n Molly stated Josh Brown had been physically violent with her on
more than 20 different instances over the past several years.

Molly said she never received medical attention for any of the abuse.

Molly feared people from the NFL and the Giants would look to pressure her into
making this go away, so Josh and the team would not face any negative press.

Molly was upfront that in her experience, the NFL publicly says it has a
no-tolerance policy on domestic violence, but the reality is that it does more
crisis management and looks to cover things up. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Files; The NFL placed Giants kicker Josh Brown, shown
here in 2015 with ex-wife Molly Brown, on paid leave Friday, a day after
reopening its investigation into 2015 domestic abuse complaints.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Province
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

West Valley City meets with Latino leaders after racial profiling allegations

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 401 words


West Valley City » Latino leaders will provide "cultural competency" training
for police officers and the city will translate a complaint form into Spanish
and other languages as part of an effort to build trust between the minority
community and law enforcement.

In addition, the community leaders will arrange meetings where West Valley
police officers and city officials can talk with residents.

The plan was reached Wednesday in a 3½-hour closed-door meeting between West
Valley officials and community members to discuss the dismissal of scores of
drug cases because of the alleged mishandling of evidence and concerns about
possible racial profiling.

Tony Yapias, coordinator of Proyecto de Latino Utah, and acting Police Chief
Anita Schwemmer both said the meeting, which was mediated by a Department of
Justice representative, was a good first step in rebuilding trust.

The West Valley City Police Department is the subject of local, state and
federal probes involving allegations of corruption and evidence mishandling by
the department's narcotics unit. The allegations have resulted in 124 cases
being dismissed by state and federal prosecutors and nine members of the
now-disbanded Neighborhood Narcotics Unit being put on leave.

In addition, investigators also are looking into the fatal shooting by unit
officers in November of 21-year-old Danielle Willard during an alleged drug
bust.

Yapias and Archie Archuleta, president of the board of directors of the Utah
Coalition of La Raza, had requested a meeting with police officials because the
majority of defendants in the dismissed cases were Latino. Schwemmer said
Wednesday that because the ingredients to make illegal drugs are more difficult
to get in the United States, drug production has shifted to Latin American
countries, leading to more Latinos being involved in the narcotics trade.

"It all has to do with economics, not race," she said.

Yapias said the explanation has allayed his concerns about profiling and that
the meeting was "very constructive." He also said translation of the online
complaint form will help community members report problems with the police.

Eleven people attended Wednesday's meeting, including state Sen. Luz Robles,
state Rep. Angela Romero and West Valley City Manager Wayne Pyle.

pmanson@sltrib.com

Twitter: @PamelaMansonSLC Alt Heads:

West Valley City meets with Latino leaders after racial profiling allegations

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Dry cleaners target of mass sweep; Nearly half of B.C. businesses allegedly
found to be mishandling toxic chemicals

BYLINE: Mike Hager, Vancouver Sun, The Canadian Press

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 598 words


A federal government sweep of 48 B.C. dry cleaning businesses found that almost
half were allegedly mishandling a toxic chemical that has been linked to
leukemia, kidney and liver cancers as well as depression of the central nervous
system.

Last summer, Environment Canada enforcement officers found 21 businesses across
B.C.'s South Coast didn't have a "secondary containment system" to prevent the
spillage of the solvent PERC or the sludgy residue it produces, according to a
search warrant from the ministry.

PERC - a clear, colourless liquid with an ether-like odour that's also known as
perchloroethylene or tetrachloroethylene - is used in dry cleaning machines to
remove stubborn stains and grease without wrinkling fabric.

Studies have shown that dry cleaning workers exposed to PERC were more likely to
develop esophageal and cervical cancers as well as irritated and burnt skin and
forgetfulness, according to the Carex Canada carcinogen surveillance program,
whose team of researchers hails from University of B.C., Simon Fraser University
and the University of Victoria.

So far, one business, North Vancouver's Lester's Dry Cleaning, is facing two
Environmental Protection Act charges from the sweep, while Environment Canada
confirmed Tuesday that the alleged supplier of the PERC in question is still
under investigation.

Long used by dry cleaners, PERC was banned in California six years ago and is
facing similar pressure in other jurisdictions.

A decade ago, new federal regulations required dry cleaners to reduce their use
of the chemical by 70 per cent within two years from 1994's nationwide levels of
5,500 tonnes.

Most still use PERC in B.C., but upgrading to newer machines has meant that the
proper storage and disposal of the toxic compound is no longer an industry-wide
problem, according to B.C. Fabricare Association President Frank

Wagner, whose organization represents about 50 out of roughly 200 dry cleaning
businesses in the province. Wagner estimated that about 20 per cent of B.C.'s
dry cleaners are "basically refusing to be environmentally responsible" by using
older equipment, which leads to persistent mishandling of PERC.

"I wouldn't necessarily say the solvent itself is a problem; it is a problem if
it is not handled correctly," Wagner said.

"As in any industry or business, you can choose to work with old machines or you
can choose to work with newer technology - you're able to buy the machines today
that are absolutely complying with the regulations in place and are safe."

He said he would like it to be mandatory for all dry cleaners to be educated on
the dangers of various chemicals used, as well as all solvents to be tracked by
the authorities.

Environment Canada regulates dry cleaners and requires they send in annual
reports detailing how much PERC they have used and how they have disposed of it.

No one from the provincial or federal environment ministries was available for
comment Tuesday by press time.

Wagner said another part of the problem lies with global garment industry, which
has only officially approved the use PERC as a cleaning solvent (as evidenced by
the encircled 'p' found on many clothing labels).

Alan Avery, the manager of Sumas Environmental Services' B.C. operations, said
PERC is a dense liquid that can sink through groundwater onto bedrock if
disposed improperly. "That's another material that really just has to go for
incineration," Avery said.

More online Go to vancouversun.com to see a list of all 21 dry cleaning
businesses Environment Canada allegedly found to have open containers of PERC on
their premises.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

FALK SHOULD HAVE BEEN AT 911 MEETING

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 467 words


Last week, we gave Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk credit for issuing a
public apology to the family of Brittany Zimmermann, the University of Wisconsin
student who was murdered a month ago, for the mishandling by the county's 911
Center of what appears to have been a call for help from Zimmermann.

We also gave Falk credit for publicly pressing 911 Center director Joe Norwick
to address troubles within an agency that failed in its most important
responsibility.

Some people thought we gave Falk too much credit, suggesting that we were
rallying to the defense of a political ally. That was amusing, as this newspaper
has not exactly been enthusiastic about Falk or her political ambitions in
recent years.

Much of the current Falk bashing comes from longtime critics of the county
executive, many of whom still seem to be more interested in scoring political
points than in management issues with Dane County. (Especially creepy,
considering the circumstance, was an attack on Falk by state Rep. Phil
Montgomery, R-Ashwaubenon, a telecommunications industry stooge who is trying to
point fingers of blame elsewhere as he defends cuts in surcharges paid by cell
phone users to improve 911 center operation in Madison and other communities.)
But Falk made the task of defending her more difficult when she decided to
attend a conference in New York rather than the joint committee meeting Thursday
of the Dane County Board Public Protection and Judiciary Committee and the
Personnel and Finance Committee.

The meeting was organized in response to the allegations regarding the
mishandling of the Zimmermann call and broader concerns about Norwick's
management of the 911 Center -- which might generously be referred to as
"bumbling."

This was a formal setting in which to begin to sort through what has become a
genuine concern in the community: the question of whether the residents of Dane
County can dial 911 and expect to get the response they require.

Supervisor Eileen Bruskewitz asked during the committee meeting for an
explanation of why Falk had chosen not to attend the session.

Her inquiry was ruled out of order.

In fact, it was entirely appropriate.

Referring to concerns about the 911 Center, Bruskewitz asked: "Is there anything
more important?"

At this point, for county leaders, the answer is "no."

Falk needs to recognize that, while many of her current critics are the usual
suspects, not all of the current criticism can or should be dismissed. At a time
such as this, the county's top elected official needs to be front and center,
and ready to answer all the tough questions.

Falk should have changed her schedule to attend the joint committee meeting. And
she should not miss any more meetings until the very legitimate community
concerns about the 911 Center have been fully addressed.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike DeVries/The Capital Times County Executive Kathleen Falk should
have attended the meeting to discuss the 911 Center's response to the Brittany
Zimmermann case.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           September 20, 1999, Monday

BYLINE: By Peter Geier; Daily Record Legal Affairs Writer

SECTION: Pg.  1C

LENGTH: 613 words


An attorney who "thumbed his nose at the disciplinary system" was disbarred by
the Court of Appeals in an unreported opinion filed Friday.     It was the third
strike for Stuart Long Alison, a Bel Air attorney who was first suspended for
misconduct for 90 days in 1989. Last year, he began serving an indefinite
suspension for filing frivolous and vexatious claims.     His disbarment Friday
stemmed from his handling of three cases over the last decade -- and his failure
to cooperate with the Attorney Grievance Commission's investigation into those
cases.     "I don't think he was thumbing his nose at the commission," said
Lawrence P. Pinno Jr., Alison's attorney. "His problem is that he just wouldn't
play along and people just didn't like his personality. I just think he didn't
want to play any more."    Alison's disbarment was "the craziest thing in the
world: He was a good thing for his clients," Pinno said.     "Stu has this
warrior personality -- and nobody liked it but his clients," the lawyer said.
"He was a great lawyer and his clients loved him. Judges respected him. Judge
William O.  Carr called him the best criminal lawyer in Harford County."    The
Court of Appeals itself acknowledged Alison's skills when suspending him in
1989.     " Alison , when he chooses to do so, is a very effective lawyer," the
court wrote at that time. "He knows the rules, he knows how to try a case, and
he is able to exercise good judgment. He does, however, have a history of
demonstrating disdain for the legal system."

Pattern of noncooperation

The top court's latest decision was based on a pattern that it found documented
in three separate matters.     The first stemmed from Alison's alleged
mishandling of a wrongful termination case. The Harford County Circuit Court
referred the matter to bar counsel, which subsequently charged the attorney with
failing to cooperate with its investigation. Alison admitted that he had not
cooperated and "offered no excuse or reason for failing to do so," Friday's
opinion notes.     The second involved Alison's alleged mishandling of a child
support case, which followed a similar pattern. No convincing evidence was found
to support bar counsel's charges in the underlying matter, but his lack of
cooperation with bar counsel's investigation violated the Maryland Rules of
Professional Conduct.     The third matter concerned Alison's mishandling of a
Qualified Domestic Relations Order (QDRO) for client Doris L. Cerruto. The court
found "no justification for Alison's failure to timely prepare and have approved
an appropriate QDRO," as well as a lack of communication with his client. Again,
Alison failed to cooperate with the AGC's investigation of a subsequent
complaint lodged by Cerruto's son.     Pinno admitted that his client "might
have made a mistake in the Cerruto case. But in no way was he incompetent or
dishonest."    Noting Alison's history, bar counsel recommended Alison be
disbarred.     "If any Respondent in the disciplinary system can be properly
characterized as recidivist and unregenerate, it is Alison ," the AGC cautioned
the top court -- which agreed with the recommendation.     "Once again, in all
three cases, he has thumbed his nose at the disciplinary system," the per curiam
opinion states. "Viewed from the perspective of Alison's disciplinary history,
these cases are sufficiently serious to warrant disbarment."    According to
Pinno, Alison has devoted his time during his suspension to his family, and in
particular his son, a student and baseball player at Calvert Hall whom Alison is
helping prepare for college.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 The Daily Record Co.


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Preventing food poisoning: Most outbreaks occur from mishandling food at home -
here's how to avoid illness

BYLINE: STEPHANIE YOUNG

SECTION: Living: Food; F3

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Food safety quiz: What does a hamburger teeming with sickening amounts of
bacteria taste like? Answer: A hamburger.

That's the problem with most food poisoning - the bacteria that cause the misery
of stomach cramps, diarrhea, nausea, and vomiting cannot be tasted, seen, or
smelled.

And what might cause you a few days of feeling yucky can be a serious, even
life- threatening illness for your child.

''Infants and small children are particularly vulnerable to the toxic effects of
food-borne illness,'' said Dr.  Michael Reed, director of the Poison Control
Centre at Rainbow Babies and Children's Hospital in Cleveland.

The younger the child, the greater the risk of dehydration from vomiting and
diarrhea, which can put the body into shock. Since 50 to 70 per cent of
outbreaks arise from mishandling of food in the home, there's plenty you can do
to keep your family safe.

Here are the summer troublemakers you're most likely to overlook:

Shopping trip-ups

The average food item in your local supermarket has traveled nearly 1,000 miles
to get there, said Robert Hollingworth, PhD, director of the National Food
Safety and Toxicology Center at Michigan State University.

And while the Food and Drug Administration and other food-safety experts
estimate that such perishable foods items as dairy products, meat, poultry,
fish, and vegetables can stay out of the cold for a total of four hours, ''It's
probably way too long,'' said Dr. Winkler Weinberg, a member of the Georgia-
Pacific Health Smart Institute Advisory Board in Atlanta.

Assume any such food's time in the safety zone is nearly expired and keep it out
no longer than an hour, less if it's very hot - 85 degrees F (29C) or above.

Hot cars

The trunk is your car's hottest spot, and heat incubates bacteria and other
food-borne menaces. Stash groceries in the back seat and turn on the air-
conditioning, said registered dietitian Molly Gee of the Methodist Health Care
System in Houston. And make grocery shopping the last stop on your list of
errands.

Cold storage

If your refrigerator and freezer are stuffed full, air can't circulate properly,
which can create warm, germ-friendly spots.

''If your refrigerator is only 10 degrees above what it should be, bacteria will
grow,'' Hollingworth said. Keep shelves as clear as possible and check your
appliances' temperature: Refrigerators should register 34F to 40F (1C to 4C) and
freezers should be at or below 0F (minus-18C). If your appliance doesn't have a
built-in thermostat, buy one.

Problematic produce

Raw fruits and vegetables are increasingly the culprits in food-borne illness.
Although much of our produce is now imported from countries with
less-than-rigorous food-safety policies, you can't be less vigilant with
homegrown produce.

''There have been problems with local organic and small- farm fruits and
vegetables,'' Hollingworth said. Unless it needs to ripen at room temperature,
produce should be refrigerated immediately. Don't bother to wash before storing
- it could get contaminated in the fridge, and you'll need to wash it again,
Weinberg said.

Rinse before eating, then wipe dry with paper towels. Laboratory tests show that
rinsing plus wiping removes 99 per cent of contaminating germs, while water
alone removes only 75 per cent.

It's a good idea to wash and wipe even thick-rind fruits like melon - any
micro-organisms on the outside will be transported inside as you slice.

Marinating mishaps

Defrosting or marinating meats on the kitchen counter provides ideal conditions
for bacteria to proliferate. E. coli and other troublemakers can lie dormant in
frozen meat and can begin to multiply again at room temperature.

Instead, defrost or marinate all meat in the fridge. To make sure the raw juices
do not drip onto other foods or fridge surfaces, defrost or marinate on the
lowest shelf. Place paper towels under the plate or tray to soak up any drips.

Germy hands

Running the tips of your fingers under cold water does not count as
hand-washing, Weinberg said. ''Not only are your hands still contaminated, but
so is the dish towel you wiped them on.''

Make sure all family members wash their hands for two minutes (with warm, soapy
water) after using the bathroom and before eating.

Botched barbecues

Partially grilling meats, then refrigerating or allowing them to sit out before
finishing them off on the barbecue basically warms the innermost part to ideal
germ-generating temperatures without heating it to the kill point, Gee said.

Stick to straight grilling or precook in the oven and move straight to coals.
Use a clean platter, not the one that held the raw meat, to serve, and wash and
dry the forks, tongs, and spatulas used with the raw meat.

Finally, potatoes grilled or baked in aluminum foil and left at room temperature
can harbour botulism (this organism lives in the soil). It turns out that a
foil-wrapped spud holds in moisture, preventing its skin from reaching a high
enough temperature to kill botulism spores. The safest bet: bake potatoes, but
without foil.

Contaminated convenience foods

Convenience-store refrigerators are opened so often that they might not stay
cold enough to prevent bacterial growth in prepared salads and sandwiches. Cold
air sinks, so pick from the bottom of the cooler, toward the back.

Uncool coolers

Coolers are not portable refrigerators - packing a cooler full of warm food and
tossing in a cold pack is not enough to chill contents to the requisite 34F to
40F (1C to 4C). Thoroughly chill or freeze foods before placing in the cooler.
Put the most perishable items at the bottom, and put ice packs on the top.


LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: CP / Even fruits and vegetables grown locally should be rinsed
and dried before eating.; Photo: MARTIN COLES / Don't keep eggs out of the
fridge for more than an hour.; Photo: TEDD CHURCH, GAZETTE / Partially cooking
meat is one good way to breed germs.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 6, 2006 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

DeKalb cop in shooting quits force

BYLINE: DAVID SIMPSON; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 416 words


A DeKalb County police officer who shot a suspect to death last year has
resigned as he is being investigated for an apparently unrelated case of
confiscated drugs, the Police Department said Tuesday.

Officer Matthew Roe resigned Nov. 29 after eight years on the force, according
to a news release from DeKalb police. The release said Roe "is currently under
investigation by our internal affairs division for a recent allegation involving
the mishandling of confiscated narcotics." The release did not give details
about the allegations involving Roe.

Police Department representatives were not immediately available for comment
Tuesday. Efforts to reach Roe were unsuccessful.

No disciplinary action was taken against Roe in the fatal shooting incident,
even though a police internal review board concluded he "did not use good
judgment" in the moments before murder suspect Brarkus Johnson was shot to death
in the back seat of a police car on March 12, 2005.

Several other officers had taken cover when they discovered that Johnson had
managed to hide a gun when he was arrested. Police investigators said officers
warned Roe that Johnson was armed, but Roe approached the police car anyway and
said Johnson had no gun.

Another officer then shined a flashlight on the gun, and Johnson opened fire,
police said. Roe shot and killed Johnson.

The case was among those cited in an Atlanta Journal-Constitution report last
month about police internal investigations which cited several errors by
officers involved in fatal shootings from 2001 to 2005.

The newspaper found that some mistakes, including mishandling of suspects in
custody, occurred repeatedly. Most of the officers involved were not
disciplined, and the department apparently did not recognize the patterns or
address them in training.

This year, DeKalb police have shot and killed 12 suspects, more than any other
police department in metro Atlanta.

A 13th suspect died in custody after being subdued with pepper spray and a
baton. One officer was shot to death by a suspect.

The internal investigations of those cases have not been released. Interim
Police Chief Nick Marinelli asked District Attorney Gwen Keyes Fleming to review
several of the cases before he takes any action, and Keyes Fleming plans to
present them to a grand jury.

Relatives of some of the slain suspects and civil rights activists, who have
held several protests, plan another demonstration from 10:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
today outside the county jail on Memorial Drive.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           August 13, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Chief of 911 center replaced;
File: Operator in fatal call suspended several times

BYLINE: D.L. BENNETT, MARCUS K. GARNER; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 523 words


The director of Fulton County's 911 center has been removed after an operator's
mishandling of a call left a dying woman without help for more than 25 minutes.

Alfred "Rocky" Moore will still head the county's Emergency Management Agency,
but a deputy will take over management of the emergency communications center
that receives 911 calls.

The announcement came Tuesday as personnel files were released for Gina Conteh,
the 911 operator who was fired last week after her mistakes handling the
emergency call.

Conteh's personnel file --- more than 2,100 pages of documents spanning her
17-year career in the 911 center --- revealed numerous reprimands and
suspensions.

Her infractions since 2002 include other mishandled calls, confrontations with
co-workers and emergency responders, making lunch while calls were coming in,
and sleeping on the job --- in one instance, she slept so deeply she tumbled out
of her chair and onto the floor.

Between 2002 and 2007, Conteh was suspended at least seven times for
disciplinary problems and given several written warnings for mistakes, according
to her files.

Conteh's work record is a public document because she was a county employee. Her
records were opened to media agencies including The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
late Tuesday afternoon as a result of a Georgia Open Records request.

Conteh has not returned repeated messages left on her home phone since county
officials announced last week that she was fired for her mishandling of the Aug.
2 call by Darlene Dukes. The 39-year-old mother of two boys died from a blood
clot in her lungs before help arrived at her Johns Creek home.

"I'm just stunned at what I've been told today," said Fulton County Commissioner
Lynne Riley, whose District 3 includes Johns Creek. Learning of the operator's
disciplinary history, Riley said, "This is unacceptable."

The personnel moves announced Tuesday are part of what County Manager Zachary
Williams says is a commitment to investigate what led to Dukes' death.

Williams announced Tuesday that Moore will be replaced at the emergency
communications center by his second in command, Crystal Williams, no relation to
Zachary Williams.

"Director Moore's duties will be limited to oversight of the Atlanta-Fulton
County Emergency Management Agency until the conclusion of the external audit of
Fulton County's 911 operations," the county manager said.

Moore, who could not be reached for comment Tuesday, was appointed EMA director
in July 2006. He has served as director of Fulton County's 911 operations since
Oct. 1, 1997.

The 911 center has a $3.3 million budget.

Crystal Williams, a Fulton County employee since 1993, has been EMS deputy
director since 2006.

The county plans to select a firm to review all aspects of department operations
by Friday. Commissioners could consider it as early as Aug. 20.

"It is critical that we do this analysis," Riley said. "Because of the
presentation of 2,100 pages of personnel files with overwhelming professional
problems, [taxpayers'] next question is going to be, 'what about everybody else
working there?'"

Zachary Williams said he hopes to have results within 60 days.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               September 14, 2000 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

IN SCATHING REBUKE OF U.S., JUDGE SAYS COURT WAS 'LED ASTRAY' EXTRAORDINARY
APOLOGY TO LEE PLEA DEAL: NUCLEAR SCIENTIST PLEADS GUILTY TO SINGLE COUNT OF
MISHANDLING CLASSIFIED INFORMATION.

BYLINE: DAN STOBER, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1588 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE


Saying the Clinton administration's actions had "embarrassed our entire nation,"
a federal judge Wednesday accepted a plea bargain for Wen Ho Lee and then sent
the subject of the most sensational espionage case in years home with an
extraordinary apology for the nine months he had spent in jail.

"I believe you were terribly wronged by being held in custody pretrial in the
Santa Fe County Detention Center under demeaning, unnecessarily punitive
conditions," U.S. District Court Judge James Parker told the 60-year-old Lee as
he stood before the bench for sentencing. "I am truly sorry that I was led by
our executive branch of government to order your detention last December."

Concluding his remarks, Parker said, "I sincerely apologize to you, Dr. Lee, for
the unfair manner you were held in custody by the executive branch."

With that, Lee then walked out of the courtroom and headed home to White Rock, a
suburb of Los Alamos where he has lived for more than 20 years. In the bright
sunlight of the courthouse steps, the quiet, gray-haired software engineer told
a throng of journalists that he was looking forward to being with his wife and
two grown children at home.

"The next few days, I'm going fishing," he said with a smile.

When he returned home hours after his release, a crowd of about 200 greeted him
as news helicopters hovered overhead. The crowd cheered and clapped and broke
into rounds of "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow."

Under the terms of Lee's 11-page plea agreement, the government accepts Lee's
contention that, as he has always said, he passed no nuclear secrets to anyone
and had no intent to harm his country.

In essence, the government has conceded that Lee is not a spy. Lee pleaded
guilty to one felony count of mishandling classified information, pledged to
cooperate with the FBI, was sentenced to the 278 days he had already served and
was assessed $100 in court fees.

He also must answer questions under oath for 10 days during a three-week period
beginning Sept. 26 and identify and provide access to any safe-deposit boxes,
computers and computer accounts he may have. In addition, he may be given a
polygraph test.

For the next year, he must answer additional questions from the government. If
he lies, he can be prosecuted for perjury or obstruction of justice, as well as
the original charges.

Outside the federal courthouse, Assistant U.S. Attorney George Stamboulidis
claimed victory, because Lee would finally explain what he did with the seven
missing computer tapes containing the nuclear weapon design codes that Lee
downloaded from a Los Alamos National Laboratory computer.

In a secret, sworn declaration handed to Stamboulidis during Wednesday's
hearing, Lee swore that the tapes had been destroyed, and that no information
from them had been passed to anyone.

But the drama of the day belonged to Parker, and it had its effect on all those
in the courtroom.

"I've never seen anything like it," said John Cline, one of Lee's attorneys. "It
was like a movie. I was shaking when I walked out."

In a lengthy, emotional soliloquy, the judge expressed sadness that the
government had so "vigorously" pursued its efforts to deny Lee bail. Parker said
he had been misled, that the government's claims didn't always make sense or
that they were wrong. He hinted that government evidence he had seen, but had
not yet been given to the defense, supported Lee's innocence.

He questioned the motives of U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno and Energy
Secretary Bill Richardson in the way they pursued the case. He implied there
were political motives.

"It is only the top decision-makers in the executive branch, especially the
Department of Justice and the Department of Energy and locally, during December,
who have caused embarrassment by the way this case began and was handled. They
did not embarrass me alone. They have embarrassed our entire nation and each of
us who is a citizen of it."

The Justice Department disputed Parker's criticisms of Lee's incarceration.

"We have an obligation to the American public to protect the national security,"
said spokesman Myron Marlin. "Before we had the assurance from Dr. Lee that he
would tell us what he knows, we could not afford to do anything but detain him."

Added Stamboulidis, "The purpose was to limit his communication."

The effect of Parker's comments were the more striking because of the courteous,
patient way in which the Reagan appointee conducts his courtroom. He fashioned
his talk in the form of a civics lesson, explaining the structures and functions
of the three branches of government. He noted that as a naturalized citizen who
had had to study the Constitution, Lee probably already understood what he was
about to explain.

"The executive branch has enormous power, the abuse of which can be devastating
to our citizens," he said at one point.

As Parker described himself as saddened by the case, there were tears around the
courtroom. Some of Lee's supporters later said it was as if Parker were speaking
their words. Even engineers -- not known for displays of emotion -- were crying.

"I was totally overcome," said Bill Sullivan, an engineer at Sandia National
Laboratory, which, like Los Alamos, is involved in nuclear weapons design. "It
was like the Lone Ranger riding into town. I couldn't stop crying."

During the judge's talk, Lee stood between his much taller lawyers. He wore the
same gray suit he had worn for his other court appearances. Earlier, in halting
English, the Taiwan-born naturalized U.S. citizen had simply said "yes" over and
over as Parker asked if he understood the details of his plea bargain.

Lee first came before Parker on Dec. 27, after Lee had been indicted by a
federal grand jury on 59 counts of improperly transferring weapons-design codes
to an unclassified computer network and onto data backup tapes. Lee had been
publicly identified in March as the lead suspect in the possible loss of nuclear
weapons secrets to China. The espionage investigation had not established that
Lee was a spy, but had led indirectly to the discovery of his unauthorized
downloading.

His case had become a media event and an issue in partisan battles between
congressional Republicans and Clinton administration officials over allegations
that China had obtained data about the United States' most advanced nuclear
warhead.

At the December bail hearing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Gorence and FBI
agent Robert Messemer argued strenuously that Lee should not be granted bail.
Any communication from Lee to the outside would could be a code for a foreign
agent to pick up the missing tapes, they argued.

When Parker went to great lengths to attempt to fashion a stringent house-arrest
scenario for Lee, John Kelly, then the U.S. attorney, "vigorously insisted" that
Lee remain in jail "under extreme conditions," Parker said Wednesday. Not long
after, Kelly resigned to run for the U.S. House of Representatives.

Kelly's argument "was so extreme it convinced me that releasing you, even under
the most stringent of conditions, would be a danger to the safety of this
nation," Parker told Lee.

In recent months, as the defense began receiving documents from the FBI,
itbecame apparent that Messemer had not testified accurately during the bail
hearings about Lee's activities. In court Wednesday, Parker said, "Dr. Lee, I
tell you with great sadness that I feel I was led astray last December" by the
Justice Department, the FBI and Kelly.

Lee was held under tight security rules, known as special administrative
measures. Federal law requires that those measures be approved by the attorney
general. Although Lee's conditions improved as time went on, in the beginning he
was kept in his cell 23 hours a day, and allowed out to exercise while in
chains. He was allowed visits only from his family, and then only with an FBI
agent present.

During the past nine months, Parker has complained on several occasions that his
requests for more lenient conditions were not enacted.

When Parker ruled last month that Lee should be freed on bail, the government
continued to argue that Lee's release "presented an unacceptable extreme
danger," Parker noted.

"I find it most perplexing," he told Lee, that the "executive branch today has
suddenly agreed to your release without any significant conditions or
restrictions whatsoever on your activities."

He noted that the plea agreement came shortly before the government was to turn
over a large amount of information that might cast his relationships with
Chinese scientists in a more innocuous light -- as well as documents that might
demonstrate whether Lee was singled out for investigation because he is
Chinese-American.

"What I believe remains unanswered is the question: What was the government's
motive in insisting on your being jailed pretrial under extraordinarily onerous
conditions of confinement until today, when the executive branch agrees that you
may be set free essentially unrestricted? This makes no sense to me."

Parker did not answer his own questions, but he was clearly implying that
politics wereinvolved, as Lee's supporters have been saying all along. The judge
said repeatedly that the "executive branch" is headed by the president and vice
president.

The White House declined to comment on the judge's criticism. "It is time to
close this chapter, find out what happened to the missing tapes and move on,"
White House press officer Jake Siewert said.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE LEE CASE
A chronology of the government's case against nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee:
1982: Lee phones nuclear engineer Gwo-Bao Min, who is suspected by the FBI of
being a spy for China.
1983: Lee is interviewed by the FBI, denies knowing Min or making the call, then
admits the truth when confronted with wiretap evidence.
1984: Lee admits supplying unclassified documents about nuclear reactors to
Taiwan; some were marked "not for foreign dissemination."
1986: Attending a scientific conference in China, Lee talks to Chinese
scientists in meetings later considered suspicious.
1988: Lee again travels to China, fails to disclose a meeting in a hotel room
with a Chinese weapons scientist.
1993-94: Lee transfers classified computer codes to an unclassified network at
Los Alamos National Laboratory that has connections to the Internet. He asks a
colleague to let him use his computer, which has a tape drive, and downloads
classified codes to portable backup tapes.
1997: Lee downloads more codes to portable tapes, this time directly from the
classified system. He records 10 tapes in all, seven of which are still missing.

1998: Lee is moved from the lab's weapons-designing X-Division to another post
and asks an X-Division worker to retrieve a box from his old office. Lee says
the box contains only unclassified material, but the co-workers finds classified
material inside.
1999: After an interview with the FBI, Lee begins deleting classified files he
has kept on the unclassified network. Lee is fired for violating security rules,
then is arrested and indicted on 59 counts of mishandling nuclear secrets. He
sues the FBI and Justice and Energy departments, saying they violated his
privacy and wrongly portrayed him as a spy. He is denied bail.
2000: Lee wins right to introduce classified material as evidence in his case.
Aug. 17: An FBI agent retracts earlier testimony he gave in arguing that Lee
should be denied bail.
Aug. 24: Judge agrees to release Lee on $1 million bail.
Sept. 13: Lee pleads guilty to one count of mishandling nuclear secrets and
agrees to cooperate with investigators; he is sentenced to time served and
released.
Sources: Court transcripts, filingsRELATED STORIES: Pages 14A, 15A

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: [Lee]
[000914 FR 14A]
PHOTO: JAKE SCHOELLKOPF -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
Wen Ho Lee walks outside the U.S. Courthouse in Albuquerque after his release
Wednesday.
[000914 FR 1A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                               May 9, 2016 Monday
                               MON FINAL Edition

Ruybalid faces new allegations

BYLINE: Jordan Steffen

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 720 words


The district attorney for Las Animas and Huerfano counties, who was disciplined
for mishandling more than a dozen criminal cases, now faces a new set of
allegations that he failed to disclose evidence and properly train his staff.

Third Judicial District Attorney Frank Ruybalid may be suspended from practicing
law for six months after he and attorneys in his office allegedly violated the
rules of evidence in at least three cases since January 2015, according to
motions filed in the case. Ruybalid's failure to train and supervise his staff
has led to violations of the Victims' Rights Act and weak charging decisions in
at least one case involving sexual abuse against a child.

But Ruybalid said critics do not understand how limited resources affect his
office. Including Ruybalid, who was first elected in 2008, the office has three
attorneys to cover four courts in two counties that span more than 6,000 miles
in southern Colorado.

After years of litigation over violations that Ruybalid says are common in
criminal cases, the district attorney now wonders if he has become an easy
target for defense attorneys and judges.

"There was no intention to hide anything," Ruybalid said.

In 2013, the Colorado Attorney Regulation Counsel filed a lengthy complaint
against Ruybalid, claiming he and his staff blatantly disobeyed court orders and
intentionally violated state rules in 16 criminal cases.

The majority of those cases which alleged crimes such as second degree murder,
child abuse and assault never went to trial. Prosecutors dismissed the cases
after rule violations were discovered.

Ruybalid admitted to mishandling evidence in those cases and accepted a plea
agreement in January 2015. As part of the agreement, he will be monitored during
a 23 month probation period.

If Ruybalid violates any rules or his attorneys break any rules due to lack of
training, Ruybalid may face a six month suspension.

In a motion filed in February, the regulations counsel claims that Ruybalid and
his attorneys violated evidence rules as early as May 2015.

A judge dismissed a felony criminal mischief case in November because Ruybalid
failed to provide evidence including witnesses statements and photographs to
defense attorneys until two days before a hearing.

In his order, Chief District Court Judge Claude Appel wrote "that despite Mr.
Ruybalid being on probation with the Office of Attorney Regulation, and despite
numerous sanctions the courts in this district have imposed, he continues to
engage in a pattern of willful misconduct."

Defense attorneys do not contact the district attorney's office if they are
missing evidence, Ruybalid said.

But Ruybalid's failure to train and supervise his staff led to multiple
violations in other cases, according to a motion.

In July, a lawyer from the Colorado Attorney General's office was sent to
monitor Ruybalid and his team. During his review, the attorney found that a
senior prosecutor in the office filed charges in a child sex assault case that
were too lenient, according to a letter sent by the AG's office.

The prosecutor, who has since left the office, did not meet with the victim
before the preliminary hearing and did not properly consult with the victim
before offering a plea agreement.

Ruybalid said the AG's letter does not represent all the facts of the case and
is inaccurate in describing the victim's involvement.

As part the plea agreement, attorney Terry Ruckriegle was assigned to monitor
Ruybalid eight to 32 hours a month. He was also tasked with overseeing an audit
of Ruybalid's office.

An April 18 report found that Ruybalid had "made little to no progress" on
problems identified by Ruckriegle.

It took Ruybalid seven months to work through stacks of police reports and
requests on his desk. Ruybalid has not implemented systems to help track cases
when they are filed or establish a policy for handling law enforcement requests.

The systemic problems in Ruybalid's office are so severe that it is "unrealistic
if not plainly impossible to accomplish these responsibilities" in the time
allotted, Ruckriegle wrote.

William Lucero, the Colorado Supreme Court's presiding disciplinary judge, has
scheduled a two day hearing in June and will ultimately decide whether Ruybalid
will be suspended.

Jordan Steffen: 303 954 1794, jsteffen@denverpost.com or @jsteffendp

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Ebola response is a failure of humanity

BYLINE: Nicholas Kristof - Nicholas Kristof is a New York Times columnist.

SECTION: EXTRA; Opinion; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 763 words


The epidemic in Africa is a tragedy, and the world's inertia has played its
part, writes Nicholas Kristof.

The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is a tragedy. But, more than that, the
response to it has been a gross failure.

It's a classic case where early action could have saved lives and money. Yet the
world dithered and, with Ebola cases in Liberia doubling every two to three
weeks, the latest worst-case estimate from the Centres for Disease Control and
Prevention is that there could be 1.4 million cases in Liberia and Sierra Leone
by late January.

We would never tolerate such shortsightedness in private behaviour. If a roof
leaks, we fix it before a home is ruined. If we buy a car, we add oil to keep
the engine going. Yet in public policy - from education to global health - we
routinely refuse to invest at the front end and have to pay far more at the back
end.

We know how to confront the Ebola virus. In Uganda, an excellent US-backed
prevention initiative trained local health workers to recognise the virus and
stop it from spreading, so, in 2011, an Ebola outbreak there stopped after just
a single case.

We also know from our catastrophic mishandling of AIDS a generation ago - or the
mishandling of cholera in Haiti more recently - that it's imperative to stop
infectious diseases early. Yet the reaction to the Ebola outbreak after it began
in December in Guinea was a global shrug: It was mishandled by local countries
and by the rest of the world, so, instead of a tiny cost in money and lives, we
will now all pay hugely.

If the worst-case scenario comes to pass in West Africa, it may become endemic
and reach the West. Ebola is quite lethal but not particularly contagious, so it
presumably wouldn't cause an epidemic in countries with modern health systems.
This entire tragedy is a failure of humanity.

As donor countries scramble to respond (which may cost $1 billion in the next
six months, according to the United Nations, although nobody really knows), the
risk is that they will raid pots of money intended for other vital purposes to
assist the world's needy. Jamie Drummond of the One campaign says he worries
that governments may try to finance Ebola countermeasures with money that
otherwise would buy childhood vaccines or ease emerging famines in Somalia and
South Sudan.

Vaccines are a bargain. Since 1990, vaccines and other simple interventions
(such as treatments for diarrhoea) have saved nearly 100 million children's
lives, according to UNICEF. Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, is in the middle of
trying to raise an additional $7.5 billion to subsidise vaccinations of 300
million additional children around the world. On top of the $2 billion it has,
Gavi says this would save up to 6 million lives and produce economic benefits of
$80 billion to $100 billion.

Such an investment should be a no-brainer. We have the resources to fight more
than one fire at a time. "I am worried," said Seth Berkley, Gavi chief
executive. "You wouldn't want to reduce immunising children around the world to
deal with an emergency even as severe as Ebola."

We invest vast sums to address national security risks that have a military
dimension, hence President Barack Obama's decision to renovate the US nuclear
arsenal at a cost that could reach $1 trillion over three decades. So let's
remember that infectious diseases can also constitute a national security
threat.

Our shortsightedness afflicts public policy. We spend billions of dollars
fighting extremists but don't invest tiny sums educating children or empowering
women, even though that's a successful strategy at reducing extremism in the
medium term - and even though we can finance at least 20 schools for the cost of
deploying one soldier abroad for one year.

At home, we don't invest adequately in family-planning programs even though
pregnancy prevention initiatives for at-risk teenagers pay for themselves many
times over. We don't invest in early education programs that have a robust
record in reducing later criminal behaviour, preferring instead to pay for
prisons.

Indeed, this is such a market failure that new financial instruments - social
impact bonds - address it. The bonds pay for job training or early education
programs and then earn a financial return for investors when the government
saves money.

Yet the worst consequence of our myopia isn't financial waste. It's that people
are dying unnecessarily of Ebola. It's that some children in the US grow up
semiliterate. And it's the risk that the cost of leaders' mismanagement of Ebola
will be borne by children going without vaccines.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A woman suspected of having Ebola is assisted to a hospital in
Sierra Leone. Photo: The New York Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       May 14, 2001 Monday Final Edition

Move to postpone execution necessary; Timothy McVeigh: FBI's mishandling of
documents

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 608 words


The FBI has had its share of lapses and scandals over the years, but its
mishandling of 3,000 pages of investigative documents in the biggest domestic
terrorism case ever tried in the United States is a particularly shocking
failure.

An angry and embarrassed Attorney General John Ashcroft acted correctly in
postponing Timothy McVeigh's execution until June 11 to allow his attorneys a
chance to examine these documents, which were supposed to have been turned over
before his trial. The lawyers need at least that much time to determine whether
the documents -- and the FBI's action in itself -- provide grounds for an appeal
of their client's 1997 conviction. He was sentenced to death for the Oklahoma
City bombing that killed 168 people and has since confessed to the crime in a
recently published book.

Ashcroft and most legal experts predict that the investigative documents will
not provide a basis for overturning the verdict or the sentence. But for these
volumes of material to turn up just six days before McVeigh was to be executed,
Wednesday, suggests an astonishing level of incompetence or malfeasance by
federal law enforcement officials. To have gone ahead with the execution next
week would have played into McVeigh's hopes of being remembered by
anti-government militia groups as a martyr.

Ashcroft, a strong supporter of capital punishment, announced that his duty to
"promote and protect the integrity of the system of justice" required him to
intervene, and he was wise to take the initiative rather than wait for a court
ruling. Should the defence attorneys need additional time to make their
appraisals, as seems likely, Ashcroft and the court should not hesitate to grant
them an extension.

Ashcroft said he did not know why the government had failed in its obligation to
hand the material over to the defence attorneys during the pre-trial discovery
phase. He has assigned the Justice Department's inspector general to investigate
the matter, so it should not remain a mystery for long.

A letter sent by the Justice Department to McVeigh's lawyers asserted that the
FBI director, Louis Freeh, and the agent in charge of the bombing inquiry "had
requested on numerous occasions" that field offices hand over all materials
related to the case and had received assurances that had happened. But this
managerial failure is not the first of its kind. Senator Arlen Specter,
Republican from Pennsylvania, complained in 1999 of the agency's being laggard
in sharing documents in the Wen Ho Lee spy case. And only last week it was
revealed the FBI had deliberately withheld thousands of documents and tapes that
could have led to earlier prosecution of the Ku Klux Klansmen accused of the
fatal bombing of a Birmingham, Ala., church in 1963.

Even if the failure to turn over documents in this instance is determined to be
unintentional, as agency officials claim, it would still not excuse an
antiquated record-keeping system that misserves prosecutors and defence
attorneys. Such lapses could, in a different case, end up costing an innocent
person his freedom or even his life.

Beyond McVeigh, and the serious problems with the FBI, this episode has exposed
yet another imperfection in the justice system that calls into question this
nation's reliance on the death penalty. People have been executed because of
inadequate legal representation, corrupt or inaccurate scientific evidence,
faulty eyewitness testimony and racial prejudice. Now there is the added danger
to worry about defendants being sentenced while evidence relevant to their cases
sits unreviewed in government files.

--New York Times

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              June 9, 2009 Tuesday

Minnesota court orders Coleman to pay $95K to Franken

BYLINE: By Rachel E. Stassen-Berger rstassen-berger@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Crime and Court Stories; News

LENGTH: 248 words


Republican Norm Coleman owes Democrat Al Franken $95,000 for the U.S. Senate
trial.

Coleman owes the cash because Minnesota law dictates that the loser pays the
winner's court cost in an election contest. Since Coleman sued to overturn
Franken's lead, he owes Franken's costs.

The decision today from the three judge panel grants Franken well short of the
$161,000 he said he was owed for costs, which include items like court filings
fees and courier services. The costs do not include attorneys' fees, which run
many multiples of the $95,000.

The trial court decided today that Coleman should pay the costs immediately even
though his attorneys argued the charge should be stayed pending the outcome of
Coleman's Minnesota Supreme Court appeal.

Indeed, the court said starting today, the costs would start accruing interest
for each day they are not paid.

The Coleman campaign did not have an immediate reaction to the trial court's
decision.

Coleman also may owe Franken $16,000 for attorneys fees related to Coleman
attorneys mishandling of a witness during the trial. That mishandling caused
three days of delay.

Meanwhile, the Minnesota Supreme Court has yet to release its decision on
Coleman's appeal of the trial court's decision that Franken won. The Supreme
Court held oral arguments on the appeal on June 1.

While the high court has given no hints about when it will rule, a spokesman for
the court did say today that the decision would come on a weekday during regular
business hours.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                             May 6, 2004, Thursday

Federal Judge Not Subject to Discipline on Charge of Mishandling Personnel
Matter, Panel RulesBy a MetNews Staff Writer

BYLINE:  By a MetNews Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 551 words


The federal judicial discipline statute does not apply to a judge's alleged
mishandling of a purely administrative matter such as a personnel grievance, the
Ninth Circuit Judicial Council ruled yesterday.

The council, on a 7-0 vote, upheld Ninth Circuit Chief Judge Mary M. Schroeder's
dismissal of a complaint against two district judges by an unnamed complainant.
While the district judges were unnamed, the council noted that Chief Judge
Marilyn Hall Patel of the Northern District of California, a member of the
council, was recused in the matter, suggesting that she may have been one of the
subjects of the complaint.

The complainant, the council explained in its decision, is a former provisional
employee of a district court's probation office who was terminated by her
superiors. She unsuccessfully appealed her termination, first to the chief judge
of the district, and then to a court committee.

She then filed a misconduct complaint against the chief judge and the review
committee chair, alleging they had abused their authority, denied her due
process, and had a conflict of interest, the council explained.

Pursuant to the Judicial Councils Reform and Judicial Conduct and Disability Act
of 1980 and the Ninth Circuit Judicial Council rules, the complaint was referred
to the chief judge for review. Schroeder concluded that the complaint neither
alleged judicial misconduct nor offered evidence to support a finding of
misconduct.

The statute provides for discipline of a judge who has committed misconduct,
including one who "has engaged in conduct prejudicial to the effective and
expeditious administration of the business of the courts." Had the chief judge
found that there was evidence to support such a complaint, she would have been
required to refer it to a panel of judges for investigation.

In its order denying review of the dismissal, the council rejected the argument
that the "effective and expeditious administration" language may be construed to
include the handling of personnel discipline. "Despite the imprecision of the
language....it is clear that it is intended to deal with misconduct relating to
the judicial office or judicial conduct."

The council analogized to cases determining whether conduct is judicial or
non-judicial for purposes of judicial immunity. "Similar to the judicial
immunity context, we conclude that Complainant cannot pursue her personnel
matter through the judicial misconduct procedure because routine personnel
decisions involving court employees are the kind of administrative function that
does not directly implicate the 'effective and expeditious administration of the
business of the courts,'" the panel wrote.

The decision was signed by Circuit Judges Alex Kozinski, A. Wallace Tashima, and
William A. Fletcher and District Judges John C. Coughenour of the Western
District of Washington, David A. Ezra of the District of Hawaii, and Jack D.
Shanstrom of the District of Montana.

Judge Andrew J. Kleinfeld concurred in the result, saying he favored upholding
Schroeder's decision but would not have decided the issue as a general matter.
Two council members besides Patel, Circuit Judge Arthur Alarcon and District
Judge David Levi of the Eastern District of California, did not participate.



LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Metropolitan News Company


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 24, 2003 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Clashes Led to Probe of Cleric;
Flare-Ups Over Muslim Prisoners' Treatment in Cuba Are Cited

BYLINE: John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A09

LENGTH: 1081 words


Military authorities launched an investigation of Army Capt. James Yee, a Muslim
chaplain at the Guantanamo Bay prison, after a series of confrontations between
him and officials over the treatment of al Qaeda and Taliban detainees there,
according to military officials and other informed sources.

Yee, who ministered to the inmates at the U.S. Navy prison in Cuba, protested
what he believed were lives of unrelieved tension and boredom experienced by his
fellow Muslims in captivity, the officials and other sources said.

Some interrogators at the prison complex objected after concluding that Yee's
private, one-on-one meetings with inmates interfered with their attempts to
fully control the prisoners' environment, numerous sources said. Some detainees
appeared less cooperative in interrogations after visits from Yee, the sources
said.

On Oct. 10 Yee, a West Point graduate who converted to Islam, was charged by
military authorities with mishandling classified information after authorities
found maps of the prison and information about detainees in his possession. But
the FBI and Defense officials continue to investigate whether he committed more
serious offenses. He is  in a Navy brig in South Carolina.

Another Guantanamo Bay employee who has been arrested in the  investigation of
security breaches, Air Force Senior Airman Ahmad Halabi, came to the attention
of authorities after he also expressed deep misgivings about operations at the
prison camp and, like Yee, questioned superiors' decisions, officials said.

Yee's newly retained attorney, Washington lawyer Eugene R. Fidell, declined to
comment on what prompted military officials to investigate Yee, but he harshly
criticized them yesterday for their conduct in the case so far.

"The government is engaging in overkill and is creating an atmosphere of
hysteria around this case," said Fidell, an experienced military legal expert.
"They are creating a Richard Jewell problem for themselves," he said, a
reference to the man wrongly linked in news reports to the bombing of the 1996
Summer Olympics in Atlanta.

Fidell said that the offenses with which Yee has been charged -- taking home
classified material and carrying classified documents without proper coverings
-- are common misdeeds in the military that, when prosecuted, often result in
minimal penalties.

Halabi has been preliminarily charged with 30 counts, including some that he
improperly had secret files in his personal computer, such as files about the
camp's operations and letters home from detainees. In another document
buttressing their case, officials alleged that while at Guantanamo Bay, Halabi
"made statements criticizing U.S. policy with regard to the detainees and . . .
the Middle East.

"He has also expressed sympathy for and has had unauthorized contact with the
detainees, including providing unauthorized items of comfort to the detainees"
such as baklava pastries, the document added.

A third member of the military who worked at the prison was arrested after
Homeland Security agents in Boston found classified material in his possession
as he returned from a trip to Egypt.

The FBI has launched investigations along two tracks on Yee -- one by
counterterrorism agents, and the other by foreign  counterintelligence agents,
officials said. The latter probe seeks to determine whether a foreign government
acquired any sensitive data. Syria is the concern in Yee's case because he
studied there for four years to become a cleric.

Military officials have attempted to delay the proceedings against Yee on the
grounds that they lack prosecutors at the base in Cuba to handle his case. "It's
shocking an officer is in maximum security prison, and his case is delayed for
that," Fidell said.

Military officials and other people familiar with Yee's case said security
investigators at Guantanamo Bay began their investigation of Yee soon after his
November 2002 arrival there as chaplain, when officials sensed he was deeply
conflicted about his dual role of religious adviser  and military official.

Officials eventually suspected that Yee's allegiance shifted from the military
to the 660 prisoners there as he complained that they had no release from the
stress in their lives, which was partly created by the uncertainty over whether
they will ever be released, numerous sources said.

"The fear was that he was in a quagmire as to how to handle this, and that he
had started mixing his loyalties, " one military official said. "It apparently
was a challenge to him."

Yee was particularly upset that officials turned down his attempts to help shape
how the interrogations were carried out, informed sources said. Interrogators
jealously guard control over all aspects of the prisoners' lives, including
rewards and punishments, officials said.

Yee also tried to arrange for more recreational activities that would break up
the detainees' long days, the sources said.

"He was disappointed that he wasn't being integrated into the interrogation
process," a military official said. "He wasn't happy with the mission, and
thought the detainees were being mistreated."

A second military official described Yee's belief that detainees were being
treated too harshly as "ludicrous. . . . Yee was way out of line."

The officials did not offer any information as to how Yee's skepticism about the
prison's operations might have prompted him to carry away classified
information.

One person informed about the case said Yee, as a Muslim, apparently "felt a
sense of identification with the detainees, a feeling that when they were
victimized, he was victimized."

Raul Duany, a spokesman for U.S. Southern Command, the military unit overseeing
the  investigation, said, in response to a description of Yee's misgivings, that
"we're being as humane as possible to the detainees." Replying to Fidell's
complaints about conduct of the case, Duany said, "We're trying to insure a fair
and just process for the detainees."

Yee's concerns about conditions for the 660 inmates at Guantanamo Bay have been
echoed repeatedly by human rights activists. Earlier this month, the
International Committee of the Red Cross, which visits the captives regularly,
issued a report saying it has noted "a worrying deterioration in the
psychological health of a large number" of the detainees because of the
uncertainty about their fate. To date, there have been 32 suicide attempts among
Guantanamo inmates.

Staff writer Dan Eggen contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 29, 2003



CORRECTION: An Oct. 24 article about Army Capt. James Yee, a former Muslim
chaplain at the Guantanamo Bay prison who is charged with mishandling classified
material, mischaracterized a statement by a military official. Raul Duany, a
spokesman for the U.S. military's Southern Command, said in reply to criticism
of the military's prosecution of Yee that "we're trying to insure  a fair and
just process" in the case.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Employee Benefit News

                                   April 2010

Tough times are no excuse for ERISA shortcuts

BYLINE: Cynthia Marcotte Stamer, Esq.

SECTION: BENEFITS CORNER OFFICE; Pg. 12 Vol. 24 No. 4

LENGTH: 1293  words


Business owners and leaders who are facing financial challenges should consider
a mounting series of recent court orders and federal prosecutions as strong
reminders of the personal risk they may face for mismanaging employee benefit
programs governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

The mishandling of employee benefit obligations by financially distressed
employers during the ongoing economic downturn is fueling an increase in
enforcement actions by the Employee Benefit Security Administration against the
companies and their officers or directors for alleged breaches of fiduciary
duties or other mishandling of medical, 401(k) and pension benefit programs.

Aggressive investigation

EBSA's enforcement activities during 2009 continue to highlight the longstanding
and ongoing policy of aggressive investigation and enforcement of alleged
misconduct by companies, company officials,and service providers with the
maintenance, administration and funding of ERISA-regulated employee benefit
plans.

A review of the agency's enforcement record makes clear that if regulators
perceive that a plan sponsor or its management fails to take appropriate steps
to protect plan participants, EBSA will aggressively pursue enforcement
regardless of the size of the plan sponsor or its plan, or the business
hardships that the plan sponsor may be facing.

EBSA reports enforcing $1.3 billion in recoveries related to pension, 401(k),
health and other benefits during fiscal year 2009. The government has filed
numerous lawsuits to compel distressed or bankrupt companies and/or members of
their management to pay restitution or other damages for alleged breaches of
ERISA fiduciary duties, to appoint independent fiduciaries, or both.

Mishandling benefits

Recent settlements and judgments obtained by government attorneys and through
private litigation document that officers and other members of management
participating, or possessing authority to influence, the handling of health,
401(k) and other pensions, or other employee benefit plans regulated by ERISA,
may be exposed to personal liability if these benefit programs are not
maintained and administered appropriately.

This risk is particularly grave when the sponsoring company becomes financially
distressed or goes bankrupt, as the handling of employee benefits and other
responsibilities becomes particularly disrupted and the lack of company
liquidity often leaves executives and service providers as the only or best
source of recovery for government officials and private plaintiffs.

Bad moves

In the Dec. 2, 2009 decision in Solis v. Struthers Industries Inc., for
instance, a federal district judge ordered business leader Jomey B. Ethridge
liable to pay $303,084.61 to restore assets belonging to the 401(k) plan of
bankrupt Struthers Industries in an ERISA fiduciary responsibility action filed
by EBSA.

The Struthers Industries lawsuit alleged that Ethridge and Struthers Industries
allowed employee contributions to be used for purposes other than providing
benefits resulting in losses of $310,084.57. In 2001, its 401(k) plan had 278
participants and assets totaling $8,279,083.

The company filed for bankruptcy in 2003, and its assets were auctioned off in
2005. An independent fiduciary was appointed by the court in 2007 to manage the
plan's assets.

The court ordered Ethridge to pay $303,084.61 in restitution to the plan for his
involvement in the mishandling of the plan's assets. The order also bars
Ethridge from acting as a benefit plan fiduciary in the future.

The Struthers Industries decision comes on the heels of EBSA's success in Solis
v. T.E. Corcoran Co. in recovering more than $89,000 from business owners and
operators found to have breached fiduciary duties to the participants of the
T.E. Corcoran Co. Profit Sharing Plan by improperly loaning plan assets to the
plan sponsor and an affiliated company.

The Department of Labor sued T.E. Corcoran Co. and its owners, John F. Corcoran
and Thomas E. Corcoran Jr., alleging that they caused the plan to lend money to
the two companies at below market interest rates, without terms of payment and
without documentation in violation of ERISA.

The suit filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts also
named as a defendant Coran Development Co., a company co-owned by the Corcorans.
T.E. Corcoran Co. was the sponsor and administrator of the plan, while John and
Thomas Corcoran were trustees of the plan, making all three fiduciaries and
parties in interest with respect to the plan. ERISA specifically prohibits the
use of employee benefit plan funds to benefit parties in interest.

The Corcoran judgment requires that the plan account balances of the defendants
be offset in the amount of $89,273, plus interest to be allocated to the
accounts of the other plan participants.

The offset will make whole all of the accounts of the non-trustee participants.
In addition, the court order appoints an independent trustee to oversee the
final distribution of the plan's assets and the proper termination of the plan,
requires the defendants to cooperate fully with the independent trustee in this
process, and then prohibits them from serving as fiduciaries to any ERISA
covered plan for 10 years.

Fiduciary duties

A complex maze of ERISA, tax and other rules make the establishment,
administration and termination of employee benefit plans a complicated matter.
When the company sponsoring a plan goes bankrupt or becomes distressed, the
rules, as well as the circumstances, can make the administration of these
responsibilities a powder keg of liability for all involved.

Companies and other individuals that in name or in function possess or exercise
discretionary responsibility or authority over the maintenance, administration
or funding of employee benefit plans regulated by ERISA frequently are found to
be accountable for complying with ERISA's high standards for carrying out these
duties based on their functional ability to exercise discretion over these
matters, whether or not they have been named as fiduciaries formally.

Despite these well-document fiduciary exposures and a well-established pattern
of enforcement by DOL and private plaintiffs, many employers fail to appreciate
the responsibilities and liabilities associated with the establishment and
administration of employee benefit plans.

Frequently, companies sponsoring their employee benefit plans and their
executives mistakenly assume that they can rely upon vendors and advisors to
ensure that their programs are appropriately established. The establishment and
maintenance of these arrangements with limited review or oversight by the
sponsoring company or its management team can be risky.

In other instances, businesses and their leaders do not realize that ERISA's
functional definition to determine fiduciary status means that individuals
participating in discretionary decisions relating to the employee benefit plan,
as well as the plan sponsor, may bear liability under many commonly occurring
situations if appropriate care is not exercised to protect participants or
beneficiaries in these plans.

For this reason, companies providing employee benefits to workers or dependents
need a clear understanding of their responsibilities with respect to such
programs, the steps that they should take to demonstrate their fulfillment of
these responsibilities, and their other options for preventing or mitigating
their otherwise applicable fiduciary risks.

Cynthia Marcotte Stamer can be reached at cstamer@CTTLegal.com This article
first appeared in Employee Benefit News Legal Alert, a free, weekly e-newsletter
featuring articles from the nation's leading benefits attorneys. Subscribe to
Legal Alert at ebn.benefitnews.com.

URL: http://www.ebn.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            October 12, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Keenan calls out Kipper; Slow start by captain Iginla also draws wrath of Iron
Mike

BYLINE: Jean LeFebvre, Calgary Herald

SECTION: HERALD HOCKEY; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: DALLAS


Game Day

Calgary @ Dallas

6:30 p.m. tonight, American Airlines Center, TV: PPV; Radio: FAN 960

- - -

Hockey fans have been waiting and wondering about the first Calgary Flames'
manifestation of Mike Keenan's colourful and occasionally stormy relationship
with goaltenders.

Well, it's here and it comes not in the form of a hook, but a point.

Keenan fingered Miikka Kiprusoff for mishandling a pass back from teammate Cory
Sarich on the play that led to the first Red Wings tally in Wednesday's 4-2
trip-opening loss in Detroit.

The netminder accepts and understands his coach's scorn.

"I didn't see any passes (open back up the ice)," said Kiprusoff, "so I tried to
play it out using the boards, but I fanned the puck and I didn't get it high, so
it was a tape-to-tape pass to (Red Wings dynamo Pavel) Datsyuk. It's a bad play
and they used it well -- they scored. A bad mistake."

After Thursday afternoon's practice in Dallas, Keenan managed to smack both his
goalie and his struggling team by offering this assessment of the Detroit
contest:

"You most likely aren't going to win any road game putting 20 shots on the net
unless your goaltender is spectacular. And our goaltender wasn't spectacular."

Kiprusoff, like the Flames as a whole, is developing a reputation for nasty
starts. His 3.60 goals-against average and .871 save percentage through three
outings this season follows a couple of ordinary-to-awful Octobers, particularly
a couple of years ago when the Finnish netminder, who holds the modern-day
record with a 1.69 season GAA, was shredded for 18 goals in the 2005-06
campaign's first four dates.

Be warned, Keenan isn't prepared to write off Kiprusoff's -- or his other
charges' -- early missteps as just one of those things.

"It's not our responsibility to get them going," Keenan declared, "it's their
responsibility.

"Jarome (Iginla) did a lot of work in the off-season to get ready and now he's
got to get his game together. And Kiprusoff, if he has notorious slow starts,
that's his responsibility to contribute to the team as he should be able to on a
consistent basis once the season does start. So he's going to have to figure out
what he's going to have to do to make some improvements quickly."

Last month, Flames general manager Darryl Sutter flatly stated Kiprusoff could
greatly improve his bartering position -- he's slated for unrestricted free
agency at season's end -- by coming out of the gate in fine form. So far, no
soap.

"Three games," said Kiprusoff, "three losses. I don't think there's anybody too
crazy about it in this room, including me.

"It doesn't have to be that way. We've been talking about (slow starts) this
year and we tried to be more ready, but we were not the first three games.

"We need wins and we need them now. You can say it's the start of the season . .
. but we really need some points here. I always think one game at a time.
(Tonight) it's Dallas and we can't win three games (tonight). It's only one. I'm
going to put everything I've got on that and, hopefully, it's enough."

jlefebvre@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Claus Anderson, Getty Images; Miikka Kiprusoff agrees with coach
Mike Keenan that the goalie's mishandling of a pass back led to the Red Wings'
first goal Wednesday. ''A bad mistake,'' said Kiprusoff. ;
Colour Photo: Flames coach Mike Keenan ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            October 12, 2007 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Keenan calls out Kipper; Slow start by captain Iginla also draws wrath of Iron
Mike

BYLINE: Jean LeFebvre, Calgary Herald

SECTION: HERALD HOCKEY; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: DALLAS


Game Day

Calgary @ Dallas

6:30 p.m. tonight, American Airlines Center, TV: PPV; Radio: FAN 960

- - -

Hockey fans have been waiting and wondering about the first Calgary Flames'
manifestation of Mike Keenan's colourful and occasionally stormy relationship
with goaltenders.

Well, it's here and it comes not in the form of a hook, but a point.

Keenan fingered Miikka Kiprusoff for mishandling the a pass-back from teammate
Cory Sarich on the play that led to the first Red Wings tally in Wednesday's 4-2
trip-opening loss in Detroit.

The netminder accepts and understands his coach's scorn.

"I didn't see any passes (open back up the ice)," said Kiprusoff, "so I tried to
play it out using the boards, but I fanned the puck and I didn't get it high, so
it was a tape-to-tape pass to (Red Wings dynamo Pavel) Datsyuk. It's a bad play
and they used it well -- they scored. A bad mistake."

After Thursday afternoon's practice in Dallas, Keenan managed to smack both his
goalie and his struggling team by offering this assessment of the Detroit
contest:

"You most likely aren't going to win any road game putting 20 shots on the net
unless your goaltender is spectacular. And our goaltender wasn't spectacular."

Kiprusoff, like the Flames as a whole, is developing a reputation for nasty
starts. His 3.60 goals-against average and .871 save percentage through three
outings this season follows a couple of ordinary-to-awful Octobers, particularly
a couple of years ago when the Finnish netminder, who holds the modern-day
record with a 1.69 season GAA, was shredded for 18 goals in the 2005-06
campaign's first four dates.

Be warned, Keenan isn't prepared to write off Kiprusoff's -- or his other
charges' -- early missteps as just one of those things.

"It's not our responsibility to get them going," Keenan declared, "it's their
responsibility.

"Jarome (Iginla) did a lot of work in the off-season to get ready and now he's
got to get his game together. And Kiprusoff, if he has notorious slow starts,
that's his responsibility to contribute to the team as he should be able to on a
consistent basis once the season does start. So he's going to have to figure out
what he's going to have to do to make some improvements quickly."

Last month, Flames general manager Darryl Sutter flatly stated Kiprusoff could
greatly improve his bartering position -- he's slated for unrestricted free
agency at season's end -- by coming out of the gate in fine form. So far, no
soap.

"Three games," said Kiprusoff, "three losses. I don't think there's anybody too
crazy about it in this room, including me.

"It doesn't have to be that way. We've been talking about (slow starts) this
year and we tried to be more ready, but we were not the first three games.

"We need wins and we need them now. You can say it's the start of the season . .
. but we really need some points here. I always think one game at a time.
(Tonight) it's Dallas and we can't win three games (tonight). It's only one. I'm
going to put everything I've got on that and, hopefully, it's enough."

jlefebvre@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Claus Anderson, Getty Images; Miikka Kiprusoff agrees with coach
Mike Keenan that the goalie's mishandling of a pass-back led to Red Wings' first
goal Wednesday. ''A bad mistake,'' said Kiprusoff. ;
Colour Photo: Flames coach Mike Keenan ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              April 5, 2013 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Emmert defends presidency;
Criticism comes with job, NCAA boss says

BYLINE: Rachel George, @RachelAGeorge, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 570 words


atlanta Striking an often-defiant tone, NCAA President Mark Emmert spent much of
his Final Four news conference Thursday defending his record and that of college
sports' governing body as continuing controversy around the organization
threatened to overshadow its marquee event.

Instead of a celebration of the Final Four and its 75th edition,  Emmert's
41-minute meeting with the news media became a referendum on the challenges the
NCAA faces. If his appearance was casual -- the often-buttoned-up Emmert took
questions without a suit coat or tie, his collar left unbuttoned -- Emmert's
tenor was not.

Emmert trumpeted reforms from  the past year, highlighting changes to the
rulebook, academic progress rates and the enforcement process. But after his
17-minute opening statement, he spent the rest of the news conference at the
Georgia World Congress Center addressing questions critical of several recent
problems and news developments.

"Some of the criticisms about change or what's going on naturally get leveled
with the guy at the top," Emmert said.

Emmert took that criticism in the form of questions about news stories that have
loomed over the NCAA's premier championship. Among them  this week:

Former New York Times  reporter Selena Roberts wrote Wednesday on Roopstigo.com
about a culture of academic fraud, payment of players and recruiting violations
during Auburn's  2010 football championship season. The NCAA has been criticized
for its handling of the eligibility case of Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback
Cam Newton, whose father was found to have shopped his son around during his
recruitment from junior college.

"What there is is a newspaper story. That's it," Emmert said. "We haven't done
anything with that case because we don't know anything about it. ... If
allegations of that kind are true, we deal with them."

Also Wednesday, a USA TODAY Sports investigation showed Emmert's history of
dodging blame when scandals befell the universities where he was a high-ranking
official. He said he was proud of his record, telling reporters to check with
people on the campuses where he worked, but dodged a question about what was
inaccurate about the story.

"Everywhere I've been I've been asked by boards or other bosses to help drive
change," Emmert said. "You can't make large-scale change or even modest change
in any enterprise without people that find problems with them or concerns."

The firing of Rutgers basketball coach Mike Rice this week -- after ESPN
obtained a video of him at practice cursing at players, using gay slurs, shoving
and throwing basketballs at them -- overshadowed the four teams here.

The recent headlines come in addition to ongoing problems for the NCAA,
including its mishandling of the Miami (Fla.) investigation and a series of
lawsuits. "If you're not getting sued today, you're not doing anything," he
quipped.

Emmert balked at continued conversation about the NCAA's mistakes in the Miami
case, in which the enforcement staff paid the attorney of convicted Ponzi
schemer Nevin Shapiro. "We had problems there," Emmert said. "We're fixing
them."

His tone often defensive, sometimes incredulous and seldom relaxed,  Emmert
offered little new information on the problems facing the NCAA.

To a columnist who had written that Emmert should lose his job after the NCAA's
mishandling of the Miami case, he said, "By the way, thanks for the career
advice. Kept my job anyway."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports NCAA President Mark Emmert took
questions Thursday in Atlanta.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

Debt attributed to ex-charter school treasurer grows by $52K;
New City's Carl Shye accused of mishandling public funds.;
CONTINUING COVERAGE

BYLINE: ByJosh Sweigart

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 473 words


Another $52,000 was heaped onto the debt owed to taxpayers by embattled former
area charter school treasurer Carl Shye with the release Thursday of the final
audit New City Community School in Dayton.

This is the 18th state audit in which Shye is accused of mishandling public
funds, putting the total owed to $819,369, according to state data. He was
indicted last month on federal charges of embezzling $472,579 from four Ohio
schools, including New City and another Day-ton school.

His arraignment in Columbus is scheduled for June 21.

The New City audit released Thursday named Shye as responsible for $23,350 in
improperly documented expenditures and jointly liable for another $28,320.

"Though the numbers are still rolling in, Carl Shye's free rein with taxpayer
dollars is over," Ohio Auditor Dave Yost said.

Also named as liable were former school administrators Yolanda Knox and H. Marie
Con-go, as well as the now-closed George Washington Carver Preparatory Acedemy
in Columbus.

Shye was treasurer of New City from July through October 2009. It closed in 2010
after running massive deficits and numerous accounting problems because its
sponsor wouldn't renew.

The school opened in 2004 to provide wrap-around educational resources to
children with learning disabilities.

Shye could not be reached for comment. His attorney, Michael Bowler of Akron,
declined to comment Thursday.

The auditor's office referred the audit to the Ohio Bureau of Workers
Compensation because the school paid $8,645 to substitute teachers and other
employees without paying BWC premiums. Another matter was referred to the Ohio
Department of Education because the school failed to provide required reports.

Charter school advocates call Shye a "rogue treasurer" and hope the scale of the
charges against him don't reflect on charters as a whole.

"The vast majority of school treasurers are doing an outstanding job but, when
dealing with taxpayer dollars and public trust there is no room for even one bad
treasurer," Ohio Coalition for Quality Education President Ron Adler said.

Shye, of New Albany, could face up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, in
addition to restitution in the amount he's accused of embezzling. He has signed
a plea agreement that includes restitution and paying a civil judgment settling
$671,860 in mishandled public funds. In the past 10 years, the state has issued
62 findings for recovery against him totaling over $1 million, some of which has
been repaid.

Shye has been treasurer of at least a dozen charter schools across the state.
The federal charges stem from allegations at New City, George Washington Carver,
Nu Bethel Center of Excellence in Dayton and a school in Youngstown.

Shye was also treasurer of the defunct Colin Powell Academy, Arise Academy and
PETE Academy in Dayton, according to Day-ton Daily News archives.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

A's Manaea leaves 6-0 loss to Astros with injury

BYLINE: By John Hickey, jhickey@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Baseball; A's; News

LENGTH: 875 words


HOUSTON -- Another injury to another starting pitcher. The A's inability to keep
starters healthy is reaching the realm of farce.

Sean Manaea wasn't feeling the humor as he walked off the field in the fourth
inning of what would be a 6-0 loss to the Astros on Monday night. He was feeling
the pain of a left rhomboid (back) injury. He was feeling his body betraying
him.

"I wanted to stay in there. I was just frustrated,'' Manaea said. He went on the
D.L. for two weeks in June and hoped never to do so again. "To me, it just feels
like I'm letting everyone down. I hate being hurt and being taken out early,
especially in a close game.''

The A's were down 2-0 at the time of the injury, both runs unearned thanks to
back-to-back errors in the second inning by rookie third baseman Ryon Healy.

Manaea said he first felt his back stiffen up on him in the second, although
catcher Stephen Vogt said he didn't notice a drop in the lefty's velocity until
the third.

One out into the fourth, manager Bob Melvin and trainer Nick Paparesta came to
the mound after seeing Manaea's velocity fall into the mid-80s range. There was
nothing Manaea could say to force the powers that be to let him continue to
pitch.

He's had a tough learning curve in a 5-9 rookie season, but the 6-foot-5 lefty
has been getting better, his ERA tumbling from 6.02 when he came off the D.L. at
the end of June to its current 4.40.

Now the A's may be looking for a body for what would be Manaea's next scheduled
start Sunday in the Coliseum against the Red Sox.

Right-hander Raul Alcantara, who gave up two runs in five innings for Triple-A
Nashville on Monday would be the logical pick as he's been starting the same
days at Manaea. He's 4-0 with a 1.18 ERA and .219 opponents' batting average in
eight starts for the Sounds since being promoted from Double-A.

More than that, he's one of two Nashville starters Melvin said before the game
he'd like to see in September. The other is Jharel Cotton, who came within one
out of a perfect game in his second start for the Sounds after being picked up
in from the Dodgers in the trade that sent starter Rich Hill and right fielder
Josh Reddick to Los Angeles.

"If (Manaea) is feeling it at all in the next couple of days, we'd at least skip
him one start,'' Melvin said.

The A's have already used a dozen starting pitchers this season. It's been a
nightmare for Melvin and pitching coach Curt Young.

"This isn't like my first year in Seattle,'' Melvin said, hearkening back to
2003, when he used the same five starters -- Freddy Garcia, Joel Pineiro, Gil
Meche, Ryan Franklin and Jamie Moyer -- all season long without ever needing to
scramble to find healthy arms.

As it is now, there are three relievers in the Oakland rotation, Ross Detwiler,
Andrew Triggs and Zach Neal, simply because the starters can't stay healthy.

"This is the most I've ever had to deal with,'' Melvin said. "And I think for
the club as well.''

Cotton and Daniel Mengden, who has been up with the A's several times already
this season, are on the short list for potential A's starters in September. So
too, is Jesse Hahn, who is scheduled to return after one more injury
rehabilitation assignment start Wednesday with Class A-Stockton.

After Manaea left, the Astros added four more runs against reliever Chris Smith,
who started well by retiring the first five men he faced. Jose Altuve brought
all that to an end in the fifth with a solo homer, and Smith was out of the game
after loading the bases with no one out in the sixth.

Reliever J.W. Wendelken gave up a two-run single to Alex Bregman and a
run-scoring hit by Carlos Correa as the Astros kept building on their lead.

The A's offense collected just four hits, two from shortstop Marcus Semien, and
went 0-for-5 with runners in scoring position. The 57-74 A's were shut out for
the ninth time this year.

The new timetable for reliever Sean Doolittle is for him to rejoin the A's on
Friday when the Red Sox visit the Coliseum. The lefty, out since June 26 with
shoulder trouble, will throw in a game Tuesday with Nashville as a final tuneup
before coming off the disabled list.

DH Billy Butler passed the last of his concussion protocol tests Sunday in St.
Louis and was activated by the A's Monday. "I'm ready; I just need to get my
timing back,'' he said.

Butler pinch-hit in the ninth inning and grounded out to end the game.

Starter Henderson Alvarez (shoulder surgery) will pitch Tuesday with Stockton in
his ongoing bid to get back with the A's, probably as a reliever, before the
season is over.

Sonny Gray played catch Sunday for the first time since landing on the disabled
list on Aug. 7 with a strained right forearm. His strengthening exercises have
been going well, so much so that Melvin now believes having Gray return to pitch
this season is at least possible.

Catcher Josh Phegley, hospitalized since Friday with synovitis in his right
knee, is due to be released from the hospital Tuesday. It's a complication from
the knee surgery he had midseason. The A's had hoped he'd be available for the
final month of the season, but they now believe it's unlikely he will play again
this year.

For more on the A's, see John Hickey's Inside the A's blog at
ibabuzz.com/athletics . Follow him at twitter.com/JHickey3 .

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 29: Ryon Healy #48 of the Oakland Athletics throws
to first base after mishandling the ball in the second inning against the
Houston Astros at Minute Maid Park on August 29, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo
by Bob Levey/Getty Images)
HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 29: Ryon Healy #48 of the Oakland Athletics throws to first
base after mishandling the ball in the second inning against the Houston Astros
at Minute Maid Park on August 29, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Bob
Levey/Getty Images)
HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 29: Max Muncy #12 of the Oakland Athletics shatters his bat
as he hits into a double play in the third inning against the Houston Astros at
Minute Maid Park on August 29, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Bob Levey/Getty
Images)
HOUSTON, TX - AUGUST 29: Carlos Correa #1 of the Houston Astros throws over
Khris Davis #2 of the Oakland Athletics to complete a double play in the sixth
inning at Minute Maid Park on August 29, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Bob
Levey/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Minnesota Archdiocese Charged With Mishandling Complaints Against Priest

BYLINE: By MITCH SMITH; Laurie Goodstein contributed reporting from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 852 words


CHICAGO --  Prosecutors in Minnesota filed criminal charges on Friday against
the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis, accusing church
leaders of mishandling repeated complaints of sexual misconduct against a priest
and failing to follow through on pledges to protect children and root out
pedophile clergymen.

The charges and accompanying civil petition, announced by the Ramsey County
prosecutor, John J. Choi, stem from accusations by three male victims who say
that from 2008 to 2010, when they were under age, a local priest, Curtis
Wehmeyer, gave them alcohol and drugs before sexually assaulting them.

The criminal case amounts to a sweeping condemnation of the archdiocese and how
its leaders have handled the abuse allegations -- even after reforms were put in
place by church leaders to increase accountability -- and the charges are among
the most severe actions taken by American authorities against a Catholic
diocese.

''Today, we are alleging a disturbing institutional and systemic pattern of
behavior committed by the highest levels of leadership of the Archdiocese of St.
Paul and Minneapolis over the course of decades,'' Mr. Choi said in a statement.

Mr. Wehmeyer, 50, who was dismissed as a priest in March, was sentenced to five
years in a Minnesota prison in 2013 for criminal sexual conduct and possession
of child pornography. He also has been charged with sex crimes in Wisconsin.

The six criminal charges filed Friday, misdemeanors with a maximum fine of
$3,000 each, accused the archdiocese of failing to protect children. Mr. Choi
also filed a civil petition against the archdiocese that he said was intended to
provide legal remedies to prevent similar inaction from happening again.

The 44-page criminal complaint states that concerns about Mr. Wehmeyer date to
the 1990s, when he was in seminary and supervisors suggested that his past
sexual promiscuity and alcohol abuse made him a poor candidate for the
priesthood.

Fellow clergy members and parishioners voiced repeated concerns about Mr.
Wehmeyer after his ordination in 2001, prosecutors said. The archdiocese allowed
Mr. Wehmeyer to continue as a priest, and even placed him in charge of his own
parish, despite learning about his attempts to pick up young men at bookstores
and his encounters with law enforcement at known ''cruising'' spots where men
were known to meet other men for anonymous sexual encounters.

The charging documents also say that archdiocese officials knew that Mr.
Wehmeyer used a boys' bathroom at a parish elementary school instead of the
staff restroom; tried to give an elementary-age boy a tour of the rectory in
violation of policy; and took camping trips with boys where some of the sexual
abuse was said to have occurred.

The archdiocese placed Mr. Wehmeyer in a monitoring program for priests facing
complaints of abuse or other problems, but prosecutors said in court documents
that the supervision and follow-through was ''lax or nonexistent.''

''The archdiocese's failures have caused great suffering by the victims and
their family and betrayed our entire community,'' Mr. Choi said in his
statement.

Civil cases against the archdiocese and priests have poured in since 2013, when
the Minnesota State Legislature passed the Child Victims Act, which opened a
three-year window for filing lawsuits involving claims of sexual abuse that were
beyond the criminal statute of limitations.

Many people have made such claims since that law's passage, bringing new
attention to decades-old cases, and creating public records of accusations
against some priests.

David Clohessy, director of the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests,
said he was pleased by the indictment, ''but the credit goes to Minnesota
lawmakers, not this prosecutor.''

An auxiliary bishop for the diocese, Andrew Cozzens, said in a statement Friday,
''We deeply regret the abuse that was suffered by the victims of Curtis Wehmeyer
and are grieved for all victims of sexual abuse.''

He added that the archdiocese would continue to cooperate with prosecutors. ''We
all share the same goal: to provide safe environments for all children in our
churches and in our communities,'' Bishop Cozzens said.

Criminal prosecution of an entire Catholic archdiocese is rare, but not entirely
unprecedented, in American courts.

An Ohio judge in 2003 convicted the Archdiocese of Cincinnati of failing to
report sexually abusive priests in the 1970s and '80s. The judge fined the
archdiocese $10,000, the maximum allowed, after the archbishop entered a
no-contest plea.

But the Minnesota allegations are especially stark because the sexual abuse is
said to have occurred relatively recently, long after sexual misconduct by
priests had been widely reported and after Catholic institutions implemented
programs aimed at preventing further abuse.

''Naming the archdiocese as a corporation implicates the wrongdoing and the
failure to protect children by all of the top officials, past and present,''
Jeff Anderson, a lawyer in Minnesota who has represented clergy sex-abuse
victims, said in a statement.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/06/us/catholic-archdiocese-in-minnesota-charged-o
ver-sex-abuse-by-priest.html

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              February 5, 1992, Wednesday, North Suncoast Edition

USF president takes blame for mishandling of rape case

BYLINE: JAMES HARPER; JOHN McKINNON

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1134 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



In an acknowledged bid to save his job, University of South Florida president
Frank Borkowski took full responsibility Tuesday for the mishandling of a
student rape case and offered detailed reforms for preventing such a thing from
happening again.

    Then, straying from his prepared remarks, Borkowski continued to quibble
with Board of Regents investigators who said that, as recently as December, the
USF president had referred to the rape complaint as "a lover's quarrel."

    Borkowski told reporters he never said that. Two senior regents officials
insisted that he did. Chancellor Charles Reed said Borkowski's "memory is maybe
not as good as it ought to be."

    Perhaps more significantly, more than a dozen angry legislators criticized
USF in a noon meeting with Reed on Tuesday. State Rep.  Elaine Gordon, D-North
Miami, said Borkowski ought to be fired.  Several others, including state Sen.
Jeanne Malchon, D-St.  Petersburg, and state Rep. Mary Figg, D-Tampa, seemed to
agree that drastic action was needed.

    Is Borkowski's job in jeopardy?

    In a telephone interview early Tuesday evening, Reed paused nearly 30
seconds before answering:

    "That's a hard question. My answer is, I will tell you I'm not sure.  A
regent or two have expressed some major concerns to me, but they also want to
wait to see what the president's response to the (investigative) report is. I
think that's what the people who said something to me are waiting to see."

    Borkowski serves at the pleasure of the Board of Regents, but Reed is his
boss. While Reed has clearly expressed his displeasure with the way Borkowski
has handled the rape scandal, he has been careful not to upstage the regents,
who are scheduled to discuss the matter later this week.

    Regents chairman Clint Brown of Tampa has similarly hedged on questions
about Borkowski's job security, while hinting that he has grave concerns about
the president's performance.

    Borkowski must face a committee of five regents in Tallahassee on Thursday,
then a meeting of the full board on Friday.

    But Borkowski was clearly trying to regain the momentum in his favor on
Tuesday. In the morning, he met in Tallahassee with one of his harshest critics
among the regents, state Education Commissioner Betty Castor. Then, in an
afternoon news conference in his Tampa office, he said he was truly sorry about
the treatment that half a dozen female USF students say they received from star
basketball player Marvin Taylor, and the deaf ear that USF administrators turned
to their complaints.

    "First of all, I deeply regret the circumstances that occurred during the
1989-91 academic years in which several women students became victims of crimes
ranging from sexual harassment to simple battery to sexual battery allegedly
committed by a male basketball player," Borkowski said, reading from his letter
to the regents.  6    "Sexual harassment and sexual abuse are intolerable;
university administrators must provide an environment that prevents such
behavior from occurring . . . .

    "I believe that a retrospective review of USF's performance . . .  suggests
the conclusion that we made serious procedural and judgmental mistakes in our
handling of the alleged perpetrator and our response to the needs of the victim.
As President, I accept full responsibility for the University's actions and lack
of action. It is clear to me now after review of the record that USF made
serious mistakes in administering our student disciplinary process.

    "It is also clear that I did not request and did not receive information
from University staff complete enough to assess fully the degree of sensitivity
and thoroughness utilized by the University in administering the student
disciplinary process . . ."

    A regents' staff report called for "deep and sweeping change," in USF's
approach to campus violence, acquaintance rape, alcohol and drug abuse, victim's
needs and other issues. Referring to that, Borkowski said: "I take this
conclusion to heart both personally and as University President. It is a time
for change not only within the structure and fiber of the institution, but also
in my own administrative approach and sense of priorities."

    In that light, Borkowski said he hoped his detailed plan for a new victim's
advocacy service, a revamped student discipline system, a new vice president for
student affairs, and a new special adviser for women's issues in his office
would satisfy those who've criticized him and the university.

    "It is our view that these are solid and constructive changes to improve the
environment and to enhance the safety and security of the university for its
students," he said.

    If the comments of legislators were any indication, however, Borkowski will
be seen to have made these recommendations only at the last minute, and under
heavy pressure.

    "Borkowski is being very cavalier in the way he's handled this," Rep. Gordon
said at Tuesday's meeting of the Women's Legislative Caucus. "He did not take
appropriate action."

    The forced resignation last week of USF vice president Dan Walbolt, whose
actions were at the center of the controversy, "ain't going to do it," Sen.
Malchon said.

    Commissioner Castor has criticized Borkowski for ignoring the problem even
when others tried to bring it to his attention, for misrepresenting the critical
nature of a confidential on-campus report, and for attacking the motivations and
character of the woman who filed the rape complaint.

    Borkowski insisted to reporters that he had been working on these reforms
all along. But he stumbled when asked if an internal regents report was accurate
in saying he had recently referred to the rape complaint as a mere "lover's
quarrel."

    The statement is consistent with what Borkowski has said to others.

    But he "absolutely and unequivocally" denied the statement at a 3 p.m. press
conference. Told three hours later that Executive Vice Chancellor Roy
McTarnaghan and Jane Mostoller, the regents assistant general counsel, firmly
remember him saying it to them and stood by their story, Borkowski denied it
again.

    Then, 90 minutes later, he called the Times back to say he'd talked it over
with his wife Kay. He said he was troubled at the prospect of contradicting two
regents' officials who would have no motive for misrepresenting him. "I really
can't recall saying it," he said. "But if I did, it was a poor choice of words."


    Reed has acknowledged that Borkowski's predicament will make it tough for
him to represent USF and the university system in the Legislature.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; University of South Florida president Frank
Borkowski

                            Times Publishing Company


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

UConn settles sexual assault suit for $1.2 million. Will more schools be sued?;

The Title IX lawsuit, brought by five current and former UConn students, alleged
the mishandling of sexual assault and harassment complaints. UConn has been
taking a variety of steps to address the issues.

BYLINE: Stacy Teicher Khadaroo Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 847 words


The University of Connecticut has agreed to pay just over $1.2 million to five
current and former students to settle a Title IX lawsuit alleging the
mishandling of sexual assault and harassment complaints.

The university denies the allegations, but said in a joint statement with the
plaintiffs Friday that it shares "the same goals: to eliminate sexual and
gender-based harassment and violence ... to make UConn the safest possible
campus and, when incidents do occur, to support survivors and to hold
perpetrators accountable."

The settlement also included $60,000 to pay for attorney's fees incurred by the
plaintiffs. And UConn is still the subject of an investigation by the US
Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR), based on similar
complaints by these and other students.

The settlement is "very powerful" because the assault survivors "are getting
remedies," says Laura Dunn, founder of SurvJustice, which supports survivors.
Often schools have to change their policies after being investigated for
violating Title IX, she says, but rarely have survivors been compensated for
what they've been through after reporting a sexual assault.

It's also a signal that universities, which have long been fearful of litigation
from students accused of sexual misconduct, now have to be just as concerned
about lawsuits from survivors, Ms. Dunn says.

The fact that there are both civil litigation opportunities and investigations
by OCR is important, says Lisa Maatz, vice president of government relations at
the American Association of University Women. "With an epidemic of this
magnitude, we really are going to need as many tools as possible to reduce the
number [of sexual assaults] and make the climate safer on campus," she says.

Among the allegations in the lawsuit - factually contested by the university:
One student who was raped was not informed that the perpetrator was let back on
campus on appeal several weeks after being expelled; another, speaking to a
campus police officer, accused a classmate of raping her in her dorm and said
she was told that "women need to stop spreading their legs like peanut butter."

Attorney Gloria Allred represented the plaintiffs and has taken on several such
cases in recent years. "I'm really proud of these young women, because when you
speak truth to power, that's difficult," said Ms. Allred, flanked by four of the
five UConn plaintiffs at a press conference in Hartford, Conn.

"We're very, very exceedingly happy with the result in this case," she said, and
other colleges should realize that "many college students are aware of their
rights under Title IX ... and many of them are asserting their legal remedies."

A number of Allred's cases have been settled confidentially, including one at
Occidental College in Los Angeles, in which plaintiffs agreed not to talk
publicly about their complaints, the Los Angeles Times reported last year.

"This lawsuit [involving UConn] may have been settled, but the issue of sexual
assault on college campuses has not been," UConn President Susan Herbst said in
a statement Friday. "The University has taken many positive, important steps in
the battle against sexual assault in recent years ... but there is still more to
be done."

The steps the university has taken include:

Adopting a comprehensive Sexual Assault Response Policy in 2012, making it
mandatory for most employees to report allegations of sexual assault to
university authorities.Centralizing its response to reports of sexual assault
under the office of the Title IX coordinator and adding two investigators to the
staff.Creating a 24/7 specially trained unit in the UConn Police Department to
respond to sexual violence.Enhancing educational programming for first-year
students, emphasizing prevention and bystander intervention.Implementing
recommendations of a civility task force after a student received hateful
backlash for publishing a letter about sexual violence at UConn.

For the plaintiffs to have prevailed in the lawsuit, they would have had to show
that the university was deliberately indifferent after they faced circumstances
that deprived them of equal access to their education, and the courts have set a
high bar for proving such indifference, says Bruce Berman, a partner at
WilmerHale law firm in Washington who represents universities in Title IX cases.

Especially since the Department of Education sent out Title IX guidance on the
issue of sexual violence in 2011, Mr. Berman says, universities have been
working hard "to make sure their misconduct policies and grievance procedures
are compliant."

Lawsuits by students predated the Dear Colleague letter, however. In December
2007, after a lengthy court battle involving appeals, the University of Colorado
at Boulder settled with former student Lisa Simpson for $2.5 million for a
sexual assault that allegedly occurred in 2001. She said the university had been
aware for years of alcohol abuse and sexual assaults occurring during visits of
football recruits and had failed to remedy the sexually hostile environment that
led her alleged rape.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

West Valley City settles wrongful death lawsuit with Danielle Willard's family

BYLINE: By Michael Mcfall The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 513 words


West Valley City has settled its wrongful death lawsuit with Danielle Willard's
family for $1.425 million.

Willard, 21, was shot and killed by West Valley Police detective Shaun Cowley on
Nov. 2, 2012, during a narcotics investigation ccc a case that sparked numerous
public protests against police.

Willard's parents filed a lawsuit in federal court against the city, which
announced the settlement on Thursday.

"[The] settlement will be paid by the City in exchange for a dismissal of all
claims against the City and all individual peace officers," a statement from the
city reads. "The settlement is not an admission of liability, but rather a
compromise of disputed claims among the parties and brings closure and
resolution for all involved."

West Valley City scheduled a press conference for 3:30 p.m. at their city
offices.

"Obviously we're gratified to close one chapter," said Mark Geragos, a Los
Angeles-based attorney representing Willard's mother, Melissa Kennedy. "Melissa
plans on moving forward with trying to get the message from Danielle's case out
amongst the public."

The settlement money goes into Danielle Willard's estate, of which her parents
are beneficiaries, Geragos said.

Cowley and his partner, Kevin Salmon, approached Willard in her car outside an
apartment complex during an undercover drug investigation. Cowley said that when
Willard backed out of the parking space, he thought she was trying to run him
over.

Cowley fired the shot that struck Willard in the head. Salmon fired and missed.

The shooting ignited a chain of events that roiled the police in Utah's
second-largest city. Cowley was later fired from the department for mishandling
evidence.

And Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill, who found that the officer's
life was not in danger, and filed a second-degree felony manslaughter charge
against Cowley. A 3rd District Court judge dismissed the charge last year
following a preliminary hearing.

The police department's routine investigation of the shooting led to the
discovery that the Neighborhood Narcotics Unit ccc of which Cowley and Salmon
were members ccc had a number of problems, including mishandling of evidence,
booking evidence without proper documentation ccc as well as the possibility of
missing drugs and money. The city disbanded the unit at the end of 2012. The
Salt Lake County District Attorney's Office and federal prosecutors have
dismissed more than 100 cases associated with the unit.

Salmon spent almost two years on paid leave waiting for the Salt Lake County
District Attorney's Office, and then West Valley City, to finish investigations
into his conduct. Salmon resigned last year, shortly before the city was to
announce its findings.

West Valley City has since created a new police unit to target drug dealing and
vices such as prostitution. Police Chief Lee Russo was quick to explain in an
interview last month that the new unit will have more training and oversight
than its previous incarnation, and is staffed by none of the detectives who
comprised the previous unit.

mmcfall@sltrib.com

Twitter: @mikeypanda

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             January 4, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

As Chaplain's Spy Case Nears, Some Ask Why It Went So Far

BYLINE:  By NEIL A. LEWIS and THOM SHANKER

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2042 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 3


As the Muslim chaplain at the military base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, Capt.
James J. Yee often invited some of the Islamic members of the garrison to his
quarters for dinner on Friday after he conducted weekly services.

On at least two occasions, his guest was Senior Airman Ahmad I. alHalabi, an Air
Force translator at the camp, where hundreds of captives from the Afghan war
have been held and interrogated for the last two years.

Airman al-Halabi was later arrested on several charges, including suspicion of
trying to pass secrets to Syria or some other foreign government, a charge that
has since been dropped.

Military officials now say the dinners with Airman al-Halabi, as well as Captain
Yee's own connections to Syria, set in motion the arrest, lengthy detention and
possible court-martial of Captain Yee, a tangled legal episode that has proved
awkward for the military.

First held on suspicion of being part of an espionage ring, Captain Yee, 35, was
in the end charged with the far less serious crime of mishandling classified
information. He was also eventually charged with adultery and keeping
pornography on his government computer, both violations of military law.

As arguments over the merits of those charges play out at a preliminary hearing
in Fort Benning, Ga., some military officials continue to defend the
prosecution, saying that even technical violations of regulations that fall
short of espionage should not be ignored. Senior commanders in charge of the
case have declined to discuss it, saying that doing so might jeopardize the
prosecution.

But others have come to shake their heads over the case.

"This whole thing makes the military prosecutors look ridiculous," said John L.
Fugh, a retired major general and onetime judge advocate general, the highest
uniformed legal officer in the Army.

General Fugh said the case ought to be brought to a speedy end when a
preliminary hearing resumes on Jan. 19. At the hearing's conclusion, Col. Dan
Trimble, the presiding officer, is supposed to make a recommendation to Maj.
Gen. Geoffrey D. Miller, the commander of the Joint Task Force that runs the
Guantanamo camp, on whether to convene a court-martial, dismiss the case or
impose some administrative penalty like a reprimand or discharge.

"It certainly seems like they couldn't get him on what they first thought they
had," General Fugh said, "so they said, 'Let's get the son of a gun on
something.' "

General Fugh, who has played no role in the prosecution or the defense of
Captain Yee, said, "Adding these Mickey Mouse charges just makes them look dumb,
in my mind."

According to a senior Justice Department official, even the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, which was involved in reviewing the documents that were seized
from Captain Yee, never thought much of the evidence against him.

A series of interviews over the last few weeks suggests a number of factors that
led the military ever deeper into its prosecution:

*Reservists serving as counterintelligence officers at the camp were
apprehensive that they might miss some sign of infiltration of the base but were
relatively inexperienced in how to handle such matters.

*There was confusion over which documents might be classified and which were
not. For example, defense lawyers have questioned whether documents in the
chaplain's baggage were truly classified, and that is now being formally
reviewed.

*Some senior officers at Guantanamo were skeptical about the wisdom of having
Muslims and Arab-Americans involved in the interrogations of prisoners and other
camp operations, and there was smoldering suspicion over what they were doing
when they met with one another, according to military officials.

*An investigation intended to strengthen the initial charges led instead into
unrelated areas, and to the new charges of adultery and of keeping pornography
on government computers.

The arrest of Captain Yee at the Jacksonville Naval Air Station in Florida on
Sept. 10 drew immediate attention, presenting a strange new twist in the already
contentious accounts of the military's detention camp at Guantanamo.

Captain Yee, a New Jersey native of Chinese-American heritage and a West Point
graduate, converted to Islam after leaving the Army, traveling to Syria for
religious training. Rejoining the Army as a chaplain, he was featured in news
articles, with the authorities at Guantanamo eagerly showcasing him as evidence
of their tolerance toward the religion of the captives there.

It became evident that his arrest was part of a broader crackdown at Guantanamo
when the military announced that it had previously arrested Airman al-Halabi,
also on suspicion of espionage. Airman alHalabi had not only dined with Captain
Yee, once alone, but was a volunteer aide in the chapel, a spare wooden building
outside the prison facility. The airman is from Syria.

On Sept. 29, the military arrested another translator, Ahmed F. Mehalba, on
similar charges of possessing classified information about Guantanamo. Mr.
Mehalba, a civilian who had also dined at Captain Yee's quarters at least once,
was indicted in November on charges of improperly gathering military information
and lying to the F.B.I.

Unnamed officials were quoted in news accounts suggesting that they might have
broken up an espionage ring trying to infiltrate the base on behalf of hostile
foreign powers.

But that theory has not borne out so far, most notably in the Yee case. The
military also recently dropped the most serious charges against Airman
al-Halabi, including aiding the enemy, which carried a possible death sentence.
Of the original 30 charges, he still faces 17, including some of attempted
espionage. But his lawyer, Donald G. Rehkopf, said the "guts of the case" were
gone -- the charges of aiding the enemy and of using computers to transmit
information abroad.

The military also dropped a charge that Airman al-Halabi had, without
authorization, given pieces of baklava to some detainees.

For his part, Captain Yee was placed in solitary confinement in a naval brig for
76 days, much of the time in leg irons and manacles. One of his lawyers, Eugene
R. Fidell, said that Captain Yee's jailers would not tell him the time of day or
the direction of the compass points to help him pray to Mecca for most of that
time. Mr. Fidell said that Captain Yee was treated in a worse fashion than the
detainees at Guantanamo to whom he used to minister.

He was released before prosecutors opened their case against him on Dec. 8 in a
preliminary hearing at Fort Benning. There was little discussion of national
security and more on the newly added sex charges before the hearing was recessed
for a formal determination of whether the documents Captain Yee had were
classified.

With Captain Yee's parents, wife and 4-year-old daughter in the courtroom, Lt.
Karyn Wallace testified at length under a grant of immunity about how their
friendship as neighbors at Guantanamo grew into an intimate relationship. The
small, spare courtroom that once served as the stage of the court-martial of Lt.
William L. Calley Jr. for the My Lai atrocities in Vietnam became the scene of a
domestic melodrama as Mrs. Yee angrily confronted Lieutenant Wallace outside the
door.

An officer who served at Guantanamo at the same time as Captain Yee said in an
interview that one likely cause of his troubles was the relative inexperience of
the officers in charge of security at the base.

"They were all reservists and were completely afraid of missing something and
were quite jumpy," said this officer, who is still in the service.

Indeed, one of these reservists ended up himself being charged with the same
offenses that were initially lodged against Captain Yee, specifically
"wrongfully transporting classified material without the proper security
container." But the officer, Col. Jack Farr, a reservist in Army intelligence,
was not arrested or detained like Captain Yee.

Colonel Farr was also charged with making a false statement about his handling
of classified documents when the matter was being investigated.

A military spokesman would say only that each case is different.

Yet in Captain Yee's case, a senior Justice Department official said in a recent
interview, civilian law enforcement officials never believed that Captain Yee
presented any serious espionage problem.

A spokesman for the United States Southern Command based in Miami said that
General Miller had made the major decisions about how to handle the case,
including deciding to bring the initial charges against Captain Yee, to have him
detained in the brig and to include the additional charges.

"This was all decided at the J.T.F. level only," Lt. Col. Bill Costello, the
spokesman, said in an interview. A spokesman for Defense Secretary Donald H.
Rumsfeld said that the Yee case never reached his office.

General Miller initially agreed to an interview to discuss how the case grew out
of legitimate security concerns. But he later said through a spokesman that
military lawyers advised him that it would be inappropriate to speak about the
case because it could be viewed as improper command influence over the
proceedings.

Although Captain Yee was said to have aroused suspicion by falsely claiming he
had no luggage when he arrived in Jacksonville, Sean Rafferty, a customs
inspector, acknowledged in his testimony that the principal reason the chaplain
was searched was that law enforcement officials had tipped off inspectors; the
officials told the inspectors that Captain Yee might be carrying classified
documents. It was not, the customs official said, a random search, nor was it
occasioned by any comments about the baggage.

The chaplain was chaperoning a child from Guantanamo to Jacksonville, and as he
was taking the child to a building at the airport to be met by another adult, he
was asked whether he had any luggage. When he answered that he did not, he may
have meant that he left it elsewhere, his lawyers have suggested.

When his bags were searched, Mr. Rafferty said, they were found to contain two
green-covered notebooks, small enough to fit in a shirt pocket and filled with
Captain Yee's writing. There was also a typewritten sheet, he said, which
appeared to have names of detainees, their identifying numbers and possibly the
names of their interrogators.

A dispute over whether these documents contained classified information caused a
41-day postponement of the initial hearing into the case, after defense lawyers
complained there had never been a formal determination of their classification.
Colonel Trimble said General Miller agreed to a review of that question.

Colonel Costello and other military officials disputed the idea put forward by
Captain Yee's lawyers that the classification review was to determine whether
the documents themselves were properly classified. While the typewritten list,
for example, did not carry any classification stamp, Pentagon officials said
that if the information was secret, it might still be classified even if copied
in Captain Yee's own hand or printed in some other form.

"At the time of his apprehension there is no doubt that the information was
classified," Colonel Costello said. "At the time, nobody knew what was going on.
Here's the Gitmo chaplain with classified data and he's leaving the island and
that raised some suspicions."

The charge of adultery against Captain Yee has caused particular consternation
throughout the military legal system.

Army officials said there had been about 60 cases of adultery prosecuted in the
last two years, always as part of some larger set of criminal charges, like
rape. The military, in guidelines to commanders, suggests that offenses like
adultery become a particular problem when they affect discipline and order, as
in cases that involve superior officers and their subordinates. This was not the
situation with Captain Yee and Lieutenant Wallace.

But some military officials said there was little choice but to include those
issues in the preliminary hearing at Fort Benning, since they were uncovered as
part of a criminal investigation and commanders did not have the discretion to
ignore them.

If ordered to undergo a court-martial and convicted on all six charges, Captain
Yee could face up to 13 years in prison.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Capt. James J. Yee is accused of mishandling secret
information. (Photo by Associated Press)(pg. 1); Capt. James J. Yee with his
daughter, Sarah, and his wife, Huda, in the Seattle-Tacoma Airport last month,
shortly after Captain Yee, who is permanently stationed at Fort Lewis, south of
Seattle, returned home. (Photo by Associated Press)(pg. 16)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel

                        October, 2004 ,Northeast Edition

Noted White-Collar Trial Attorney Joins Jones Day In San Francisco

SECTION: PARTNERS NOTES; Pg. 63

LENGTH: 310 words


John D. Cline, a highly regarded trial attorney who specializes in white-collar
criminal defense and complex civil litigation, has joined the international law
firm Jones Day as a partner in its fast-growing San Francisco office.

Also joining the Jones Day San Francisco office is Martha Boersch, a former
assistant U.S. attorney and chief of the Organized Crime Strike Force in San
Francisco.

In his 18-year career, Mr. Cline has been involved in a wide range of noteworthy
cases for clients including Oliver North, the former national security aide who
was a central figure in the Iran-Contra prosecutions, James Smith, a former FBI
agent charged with mishandling of classified information, and Wen Ho Lee (1999),
the Los Alamos nuclear scientist accused of mishandling nuclear secrets.

Most recently, Mr. Cline was a shareholder handling criminal trials and appeals
for the law firm of Freedman Boyd Daniels Hollander Goldberg & Cline P.A. in
Albuquerque, NM. Prior to moving to Albuquerque, he was a partner in the
Washington, DC office of Williams & Connolly, where he tried numerous civil and
criminal cases.

Ms. Boersch brings more than a decade of federal trial experience to Jones Day,
including a recent lengthy trial in which she secured the conviction of former
Ukrainian Prime Minister Pavlo Lazarenko. During her 12-year career with the
government, she tried more than a dozen federal jury trials and argued numerous
cases in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. These cases involved a wide range
of federal law violations, including securities fraud, mail and wire fraud,
money laundering, corruption and organized crime.

Jones Day's rapidly growing presence in the Bay Area now includes 31 attorneys
in its San Francisco office, which opened in May 2003, and 20 attorneys in the
firm's Menlo Park office that opened in March 2002.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, John D.  Cline

            Copyright 2004 The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel, Inc.


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: New information, more questions, but few answers from the FBI

LENGTH: 928  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee has issued
the following press release:



 On Wednesday, September 28, 2016, Director James Comey testified before the
House Judiciary Committee at an oversight hearing on the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. At the hearing, members of the House Judiciary Committee pressed
Director Comey on his recommendation and the Department of Justice's decision to
not prosecute Secretary Clinton for mishandling classified information through
private email servers.





 Background:



     On July 5, 2016, Director Comey announced that the FBI does not recommend
criminal charges against former State Department Secretary Hillary Clinton, even
though federal law criminalizes mishandling classified information with "gross
negligence." Following his announcement, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob
Goodlatte (R-Va.) and over 200 members of Congress sent a letter to Director
Comey pressing for more information regarding the many questions surrounding his
recommendation.

     On July 11, 2016, Chairman Goodlatte and House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) requested that the Department
of Justice open an investigation into whether Secretary Clinton committed
perjury and made false statements when testifying under oath before Congress.
Contrary to statements she made before the House Select Committee on Benghazi
hearing in October 2015, Secretary Clinton sent and received emails that were
marked classified at the time; her lawyers did not read each email in her
personal account to identify all the work-related messages; she used several
different servers and numerous devices to send and receive work-related emails;
and she did not provide all of her work-related emails to the Department of
Justice.



 Hearing Takeaways:



     At the hearing, Director Comey defended the FBI's conclusion of its
investigation into Secretary Clinton, but new information casts serious doubts
about whether the decision to not prosecute Hillary Clinton was made
impartially.

     For example, Cheryl Mills, chief of staff and counselor to Secretary
Clinton at the State Department, was granted immunity for the production of her
laptop and was able to be in the room with Secretary Clinton while she was
interviewed by the FBI. In all of his years in law enforcement, Director Comey
admitted that he had never heard of a potential witness representing a subject
of an investigation during an interview with investigators.

     The FBI never considered electronically recording Hillary Clinton's
interview with the FBI despite the fact that the Deputy Attorney General issued
a memo to all DOJ components encouraging them to do just that in such
situations.



 Key Videos:



 House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) challenges the FBI's
conclusions in the Clinton investigation and presses Director Comey on Congress'
perjury referral and the immunity deals provided to key Clinton advisors:



 "Hillary Clinton chose to send and receive Top Secret information over a
personal, unsecure computer server housed in her various homes and once
reportedly placed in a bathroom closet.  These actions, without a doubt, opened
these communications to hostile interception by our enemies and those who wish
America harm ...



 "We, as Congress and the American people, are troubled how such gross
negligence is not punished, and why there seems to be a different standard for
the well-connected."Representative Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), a former federal
prosecutor, explains why Secretary Clinton should have been prosecuted:



 "Intent is awfully hard to prove. Very rarely do defendants announce ahead of
time 'I intend to commit this crime on this date' ... So you have to prove it by
circumstantial evidence.  Such as whether or not the person intended to set up
an email system outside the State Department; such as whether or not the person
knew or should have known that his or her job involved handling classified
information; whether or not the person was truthful about using multiple
devices....



 "The way to prove [intent] is whether or not someone took steps to conceal or
destroy what they have done. That is the best evidence you have is that they
knew it was wrong, that they lied about it."Representative John Ratcliffe
(R-Texas) presses Director Comey about why Secretary Clinton was not charged
with obstruction of justice:



 "I want to make sure the record is clear about the evidence that you did not
have [in the investigation]:



 The FBI did not have the Clintons' personal Apple server used for Hillary
Clinton's work emails ...

 An Apple MacBook laptop and thumb drive that contained Hillary Clinton's email
archives was lost ...Two blackberry devices provided didn't have SIM cards or SD
data cards ...

 13 Hillary Clinton personal mobile devices were lost, discarded, or destroyed
with a hammer ...

 Various sever backups were deleted over time ...

 After the State Department, and my colleague Mr. Gowdy here notified Ms.
Clinton that her records would be sought by the Benghazi Committee, copies of
her emails on laptops of both of her lawyers were wiped clean with BleachBit ...


 After those emails were subpoenaed, Hillary Clinton's email archives were also
permanently deleted from the Platt River Network with BleachBit ...

 And also after the subpoena, backups of the Platt River server were manually
deleted.



 "Collectively this list screams obstruction of justice."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            November 18, 2013 Monday

CORPORATE WATCH;
Finger-pointing

BYLINE: Amelia H. C. Ylagan

SECTION: Pg. S1/4

LENGTH: 1388 words


WHEN YOU point your finger at someone to accuse him of something, remember that
there are three fingers pointing back at you, and your thumb holding down those
three fingers in denial of any contributory fault on your side.

Those are words of wisdom from Kung Fu Panda. But not really. Those are the hard
facts of controversy and criticism in the reality of finite people living
together in this finite world. And calamities and disasters wrought by the
higher forces of Nature can only cruelly emphasize the complicity of all in
anything that happens - and that utter selfishness and cowardice in pointing
fingers at others' reactions to disaster while the calamitous situation still
grips the collective consciousness. But perhaps that is the point: calamities
bring out the best and the worst in individuals, as each faces his own physical
vulnerabilities as a human being, dramatized by the actual experience of the
real victims and how they are treated by those in positions of power and
influence.

It is their expectations of personal entitlements if they themselves were the
victims that can be discerned from those making inordinate and misplaced
criticism of those others trying to help victims at the height of their need -
hey, if you were the victim, would you appreciate some nincompoop monkey
scratching and beating on someone's back while that someone was trying to help
you, albeit in the latters' clumsy and inefficient way? And if you were that
someone trying to help, would you not instead appreciate positive
recommendations from those not directly concerned? Creating diversionary
conflicts can only hurt those poor victims, and relief from their condition is
delayed even farther. It is shameful selfishness and brass crudity that can mix
politics into the sorry mush of others' misery. In a natural calamity, there is
no you and me, or us and they, only us all together.

Remember Hurricane Katrina that hit the US Gulf Coast in 2005? On Aug. 29 that
year, Katrina lashed in as a Category 5 hurricane (175 mph or 280 kph), breaking
53 breaches in the levees in greater New Orleans and submerging 80% of the city
(the floods lasted for months). In South Florida, where it first hit as a
Category 1 hurricane (80 mph or 130 kph), heavy rainfall exceeded 14 inches (350
mm), with storm surges of three to five feet (1.5 m). Mississippi beachfront
towns were flooded over 90% in hours as boats and casino barges rammed
buildings, pushed cars and houses, with waters reaching six to 12 miles (10-19
km) inland from the beach.

Property damage from Katrina was estimated at $81 billion (2005 dollars),
compounded into the $108-billion total damage to the economy (not yet including
the environmental costs). The more rueful loss was the 1,833 confirmed dead in
the wake of the hurricane, and from the perceived mishandling of the crisis
situation by President George W. Bush, who they say dilly-dallied on whether the
disaster was a federal concern or a local concern, and waited for the paralyzing
and killing flooding of New Orleans, and the subsequent state of chaos in the
Crescent City. Pundits coined the word "Katrinagate" to refer to this
mishandling of the Katrina disaster.

The Select Bipartisan Committee created by Congress to investigate the
preparations for and responses to Hurricane Katrina released its final report a
year after the disaster, saying that, "The failure of local, state, and federal
governments to respond more effectively to Katrina - which had been predicted in
theory for many years, and forecast with startling accuracy for five days -
demonstrates that whatever improvements have been made to our capacity to
respond to natural or man-made disasters, four and half years after 9/11, we are
still not fully prepared. Local first responders were largely overwhelmed and
unable to perform their duties, and the National Response Plan did not
adequately provide a way for federal assets to quickly supplement or, if
necessary, supplant first responders."

Is not the handling of recent Typhoon Yolanda (international name: Haiyan; at
235 mph/380 kph the strongest tropical storm to hit land anywhere in the world
in recorded history, according to CNN) a painful case of deja vu of the human
bungling and fumbling in disaster control - now howling to the decibels of
Katrinagate? President Benigno Simeon Aquino III has slid and shrunk in the eyes
of many Filipinos impassioned in their concern for the victims of the super
typhoon, and others are rabidly back- seat driving, unfairly expecting a
Superman-like swoop that will fix everything all at once. We might as well call
it Yolandagate - since Nov. 8 the devil has been shrieking in delight at
fumbling, failing humans pointing fingers at each other again, as they are
challenged with surrogate and actual death and survival from Nature's righteous
anger.

Reporters' videos showing looters breaking into groceries and stores in Tacloban
shame the collective conscience. But they are hungry and there is failing hope
of food coming soon, said a laconic British friend to an emotional Filipino.
Yes, the same widespread looting and other crimes, including murders, happened
at the Katrina disaster in 2005. But why was there no looting even in the
extreme deprivation of food, water and electricity at the March 2011 Japan
earthquake and tsunami - where there were 15,883 deaths, 6,150 injured and 2,651
people missing - one wonders in self-doubt? It is the Zen in the Japanese soul.
There, homeless victims of the calamity queued patiently for their food and
water rations; followed government's instructions for evacuation and sheltering;
and sublimated their sufferings to a philosophy of collective cleansing for
those nuclear power plants built on faulty ground and faulty technical
assumptions. The sin of one is the sin of all, and the suffering of hapless
victims is the suffering of all. Disasters are not the time for finger-pointing.

But after the tsunami rescue and relief operations, including the relocation of
victims, the Japanese focused on accountability for the seepage of radioactivity
of those nuclear power plants built too near the coastline of devastated
Fukushima. A class action suit was filed by a group of close to 2,000 people,
demanding an apology payment of Y50,000 ($625) a month for each victim until all
radiation from the accident is wiped out, a process that could take decades.

A report by CBS News says decommissioning the Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant
is costly and it could take 40 years to remove melted nuclear fuel and disposing
of by-products. Japan's 50 still-viable nuclear reactors were shut down for
regular inspections and then for special tests to check their disaster
preparedness. Two were restarted last summer to help meet power shortages, but
most Japanese remain opposed to restarting more plants. The government, though,
looks likely to back away from a decision to phase out nuclear power by the
2030s, CBS News assesses. Even the systematic and efficient Japanese may forget
over time, what the 2011 tsunami had unearthed in terms of disaster
preparedness.

Hurricane Katrina exposed what was deemed the worst civil engineering disaster
in US history (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hurricane-Katrina - cite-note-5) and
prompted a lawsuit against the US Army Corps of Engineers, the designers and
builders of the levee system as mandated by the Flood Control Act of 1965.
However, the federal agency could not be held financially liable due to
sovereign immunity in the Flood Control Act of 1928. There was also an
investigation of the responses of federal, state and local governments,
resulting in the resignation of Federal Emergency Management Agency director
Michael D. Brown, and of New Orleans Police Department Superintendent Eddie
Compass.

We expect the same charges of accountability to be laid on those handling the
typhoon Yolanda disaster - after the two months of expected hyper-active rescue,
relief and relocation/rehabilitation is done - in the most peaceful manner
possible, considering the temperament of the highly reactive Filipino public,
and the diligence of media to keep all abreast with details of news.

In the meantime, enough of finger-pointing, and let's concentrate on relief and
rehabilitation in the Visayas.

(Contact the author at ahcylagan@yahoo.com)

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 15, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Lee spent 9 months in solitary confinement

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- After Wen Ho Lee was taken into custody last Dec.
10, he was deposited into a solitary cell in New Mexico, where
he remained until his dramatic release this week.

Visits with his family were limited to one hour a week and monitored
constantly by two FBI agents. When Lee, 60, was allowed to venture
beyond the jail to meet with his attorneys, he had police at his
elbows, his legs and ankles in shackles.


The harsh conditions are not unusual for suspects who represent
a threat to national security. Until this week, that's how the
government regarded the scientist who was accused of mishandling
nuclear weapons secrets.

But the collapse of the government's case -- and Lee's guilty
plea to only one count of mishandling confidential information
-- is raising questions about prosecutors' repeated recommendations
to deny bail to Lee, and whether they misled a federal judge about
the threat Lee posed.

On Thursday, Attorney General Janet Reno was blasted from both
ends of Pennsylvania Avenue: Capitol Hill and the White House.
The criticism was fueled by fundamental questions that are likely
to dog Reno during the final months of her tenure and be the focus
of congressional hearings:

* How could Lee suddenly go from facing life in prison
for stealing the "crown jewels" of the nuclear weapons program
to pleading guilty to a single felony count and going home?

* Did officials with the departments of Justice and Energy,
along with the U.S. attorney's office in Albuquerque, mislead
Judge James Parker as to the seriousness of the case, as Parker
now claims? And in the process, did they trample on Lee's constitutional
rights?

* What does all this say about the ability of the United
States to identify threats to national security?

Reno and Assistant U.S. Attorney George Stamboulidis, the lead
prosecutor in the Lee case, say they never tried to mislead anyone
about the seriousness of the case. They have said any security
violation involving nuclear secrets is, by definition, extremely
serious.

They also say the dizzying turn of events in Lee's case could
have been avoided if only he would have agreed to speak with investigators
sooner.

"With all my heart and soul," Reno said Thursday, "I wish that
Dr. Lee had come forward and said: 'This is what I did with the
information. I'll sit down with you and we'll work it out, and
I'll try to give you as much information as possible to permit
you to confirm and corroborate it.' "

Reno says she doesn't know why Lee downloaded 400,000 pages of
confidential nuclear weapons information to an unsecured computer.
Nor has there been any verification, the attorney general said,
that seven missing computer tapes containing some of that information
have been destroyed, as Lee has claimed.

As part of his plea bargain, Lee has agreed to prove the tapes
were destroyed and not passed on to a third party. He also promised
to shed light on why he downloaded the information.

At all times, Stamboulidis said, Lee "held the keys to his jail
cell."

"This defendant has always held the keys to his fate in the same
way that he held the fate of the nation on those tapes," the
prosecutor said.

Mark Holscher, one of Lee's attorneys, counters that his client
has always been willing to cooperate with investigators.

On March 7, 1999, Holscher said, Lee submitted to interrogation
by FBI agents without an attorney present.

"It was chilling," Holscher said, referring to transcripts of
the session. "Dr. Lee was threatened that he could be executed
if he did not confess to being involved in espionage."

Lee was never charged with espionage, and Stamboulidis has said
there was never any evidence to support that.

Holscher says Lee told federal authorities in December that he
was willing to talk with investigators.

On Thursday, Stamboulidis called Lee's early efforts at cooperation
as "cosmetic" and "illusory," possibly intended as a play
for media attention. Not until the plea deal was reached, he said,
was there any real movement on Lee's part.



LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, LM Otero, AP; Lee: Back home with his family in White Rock,
N.M.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                              April 8, 2007 Sunday

letters to the editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8e

LENGTH: 1155 words


Beach buyers

need facts

EDITOR: I agree wholeheartedly in the thoughts expressed in the recent letter
"You build it, you pay the price." Having lived on the beach since 1958, I've
seen some real horror stories, and one of the problems is in lack of complete
information being given to the potential property owner by the seller and/or his
agent.

Once a deal is completed with all the hazards of living on the beach reduced to
writing, then let the buyer beware.

We wouldn't live anywhere else, so when we lost our pier completely, we did not
look for a "savior" but proceeded to rebuild it at our own expense. The sunsets
pay for it all!

Hardy Wessell

Topsail Beach

Far from home

EDITOR: The recent comment about Walter Reed Army Medical Center passing the
Joint Commission on Accreditation was faulty, in that the commission does not
include in its review the living conditions outside the hospital ... This is a
completely separate unit from the hospital and is responsible for ... the troops
while on an outpatient status.

One of the main reasons for this mishandling of our returning wounded is the
difference between the policies of presidents Bush 41 and 43.

I was on active duty during Desert Storm at a major hospital in Fort Gordon, Ga.

During 1990-91 we were directed by then President Bush to avoid at all costs the
blunders of past wars in mishandling and losing wounded troops in the evacuation
pipeline. He stressed that returning wounded should be sent to medical
facilities nearest their "home of record" rather than back to their military
post so that family and friends could visit and help in their recuperation. ...

I have been dismayed when visiting our wounded warriors in different military
hospitals to find they have very few visitors, since they are a long way from
home. This might be a step in the right direction of their continuing treatment
even at this late date.

John Battaglia

Bolivia

Take off

EDITOR: At Brunswick County Airport, opportunity is knocking.

(The airport has been promised) $6.28 million for expansion from the Federal
Aviation Administration Trust fund...

The challenge is for the Brunswick County Commissioners to endorse the program
by advance-funding the program with payback over a period of about six years
from the Federal Aviation Administration multibillion-dollar trust fund. ...
Funds from the sale of aviation fuel and tickets created the multibillion-dollar
trust fund the FAA will use to pay for the improvement of the airport.

Visionary leadership ... has made the Brunswick County Airport truly outstanding
in growth and profit for Brunswick County.

Our County Commissioners are prudent and careful with Brunswick County dollars
and need our support to make the right decision to fund this project and get the
$6.28 million for Brunswick County without costing the taxpayers any extra
money.

What a rare opportunity our county leaders have.

Forrest Walton

Oak Island

Dig deeper

EDITOR: Your March 27 editorial "A half-million hogs under our noses" was an
admission of failure on the part of the Star-News to see reality for extended
periods of time.

Gov. Mike Easley's favorably reported deal with the hog industry was known to be
a sham from the day it was announced.

Gov. Jim Hunt's "Year of the Coast," also favorably reported, touted the
protection of our coast for future generations. None of the recommendations of
that expensive yearlong exercise in futility were enacted.

Headlines hailed the control of aquifer draw-down enacted by the state. However
the Castle Hayne Aquifer, the most important source of fresh water beneath New
Hanover and Brunswick counties, was not included. ...

The paper doesn't choose to dig until the hole is over our heads. Witness recent
property revaluations, the exorbitant property tax rates they portend and the
need for a transfer fees to upgrade our highway system. Start digging.

Bob Quinn

Southport

Amiable failure

Editor: In answer to David Brooks' March 29 column "A good leader isn't always
likable," if Themistocles is what we need, then give me likable.

This nation already has Themistocles in Bush, without the intellect. And yes,
our might has been rendered stupid by Cheney and Rumsfeld.

The wisdom of the serpent and power of self interest; fits Bush perfectly, and
where has it gotten us? Thousands of U.S. troops dead and wounded, hundreds of
civilian contractors killed in Iraqi, troops killed in Afghanistan and this
doesn't include the dead Iraqi and Afgan troops and the millions of refugees.
...

The next president will deal with this terrible mistake and our overwhelming
deficit, global warming, the growing hatred of America. Most voters want a
decent, honest man or woman who has knowledge of world power ...

Give me a likable Carter or Ford, not another Nixon or Bush. Think of the
national and international crises that they handled, such as (the aftermath of)
Watergate and the Iran hostages, to name a few. ...

I would like to propose that Bush retire early and that he and Laura go to the
ranch now. The Democrats and Republicans are campaigning hard. We should call
for a special election this year - the American public is desperately seeking
new leadership.

Lucia Messina

Wilmington

A real vine year

EDITOR: Before being brought South in the 1930s, the incredible, edible,
clinging vine, Kudzu (Star-News March 28), had been introduced to America in
Philadelphia at the Centennial Exposition of 1876.

Also experienced that year was the "most disputed and intense presidential
election in American history" (similar to Bush v. Gore, Florida, 2000) when a
congressional committee (and not the Supreme Court) determined that Rutherford
B. Hayes had won over Samuel J. Tilden.

As well, in 1876, American society was introduced to the first publication of
our most popular parliamentary authority, Robert's Rules, or: Pocket Manual of
Rules of Order For Deliberative Assemblies by Lt. Col. Henry M. Robert, Corps of
Engineers, U.S.A.

S. Clayton Callaway, Jr.

Wilmington

Not qualified

EDITOR: When the Democrats in Congress are taking it upon themselves to decide
the how, when and where of our military deployments, it is critical that the
public understand their qualifications for such an assumption of power. Charles
Krauthammer's commentary in the April 2 Star-News does a good job of proving
they aren't qualified.

Krauthammer dissects the Democratic leadership's espousal of focusing our
military effort in Afghanistan and shows just how shallow that position is and
what a waste of resources it would be. His commentary raises real questions as
to whether the Democrats can be trusted with control of our military and our
national security.

Unfortunately, your headline writer completely misrepresented the column as a
defense of staying in Iraq, which it isn't. It is an argument against the
Democrats' position of expanding the Afghanistan effort. A more accurate
headline would have been "Dem Afghan position a farce."

George Ivory

Wilmington




LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

Nasdaq sued over mishandling of Facebook IPO

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Exchanges

LENGTH: 164 words



HIGHLIGHT: A Maryland-based investor, Phillip Goldberg has sued Nasdaq OMX Group
claiming that the exchange operator was negligent in handling Facebook shares'
orders following the social networking giant's initial public offering on 18
May.


In a lawsuit filed in the US District Court in Manhattan, class-action status is
being sought by the investor on behalf of all investors who lost money due
Nasdaq's mishandling of their buy, sell or cancellation orders for Facebook
stock.

Nasdaq chief executive Robert Greifeld was quoted by Reuters as saying, "Clearly
we had mistakes in the Facebook listing, but more than 570 million shares were
processed on the first day."

On Friday, Facebook's market debut was delayed by nearly 30 minutes due to a
technical problem which further delayed order confirmations.

In a separate lawsuit in a California state court, investor Darryl Lazar sought
a class-action status, alleging that Facebook's registration and prospectus were
materially false, reports the news agency citing a statement from plaintiff law
firm Glancy Binkow & Goldberg.

A civil lawsuit was also filed against Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook and IPO
underwriters Morgan Stanley & Co over their alleged violations of securities
laws.

LOAD-DATE: June 07, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                January 19, 1998

Insurers Drop Ball On Claims

BYLINE: STANLEY C. BROCK, Brock/McQuide/Consultants, Inc., Milwaukee, Wis.

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 289 words


TO THE EDITOR:

One has to wonder about the mentality of the insurance industry, and whether
insurer management reads The Wall Street Journal instead of the National
Underwriter.

Two articles in your Dec. 22/29 edition are a case in point: "Financial
Insights" ("Mishandling Claims Will Sink Insurers," by Sean Mooney, senior vice
president and economist at the Insurance Information Institute in New York, page
30) and "The FC&S Answer" ("Beware: Tenants' I&B Coverage Can Be Quirky," by
Eugene F. Wolters, editor of The FC&S Bulletins in Cincinnati, Ohio, page 33).

That "Mishandling Claims Will Sink Insurers" is not the first time industry
commentators have pointed out the lack of trust insureds generally have. The
article by Mr. Mooney uses auto claims experience, but I think property claims
would have shown a higher percentage of dissatisfaction.

In our experience, most insureds do not expect honest dealing, and to say
companies are trying to be consumer-friendly is clearly not the case with the
claims problems National Underwriter frequently describes.

Mr. Wolters was showing a little cynicism in his article, all too well-placed.
Too bad he doesn't tell us the names of the insurers he uses as examples.

I know there are some insurers who deal with their customers in the utmost good
faith. And I know there are some insureds who are less than honest.

But claims adjusters should stop acting as though they are being paid a
commission. Surely, if the Internal Revenue Service can try to be user-friendly,
someday there is hope for the insurance industry.

The inhabitants of the insurance ivory towers should put down The Wall Street
Journal and read Mr. Wolters' columns.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 The National Underwriter Company


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 28, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

Real Estate Board Fines 2 Va. Brokers;
Probe Finds Mishandling of Escrow Accounts

William F. Powers, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE E1

LENGTH: 669 words


The Virginia Real Estate Board has fined two Alexandria brokers a total of more
than $ 17,000 and ordered one of them to surrender his broker's license for
mishandling client escrow accounts in a property-management business they
operated.

In a decision Nov. 19, the seven-member board ratified consent orders that the
two brokers, Leonard L. Manarin and Lydia A. Odle, signed last month agreeing to
the fines and other penalties.

The real estate board oversees licensing and regulation of Virginia real estate
professionals and is under the auspices of the state Commerce Department. Except
for one consumer representative, all members of the governor-appointed board are
real estate professionals. In the fiscal year ending June 30, the board revoked
50 real estate licenses, suspended 18 and levied fines on 222 individuals for
various offenses.

The real estate board recently has seen an increase in the number of cases
stemming from brokers dipping illegally into escrow accounts, said Al Whitley, a
spokesman for the Virginia Department of Commerce.

"There have been more of them during the recent two or three years, you know,
the recessionary period, than normally occur in less troublesome economic
times," he said.

Whitley added: "No one lost any money on this. The money was all replaced.
They're being punished for the fact that it was taken out when it shouldn't have
been in the first place."

Manarin and Odle were principals of Manarin and Odle Realtors, with offices on
South Washington Street in Alexandria. Among their joint pursuits was a property
management business, Manarin and Odle Management Inc., through which, according
to Odle, they managed about 18 rental properties.

Earlier this year, one of their clients in the business sued the company after
he learned that some of his mortgage payments had not been paid, although there
was no indication that his tenants were behind on their rent.

The client, John Lewis, won a default judgment and the brokers agreed to pay him
about $ 17,000. A subsequent investigation by the Virginia Department of
Commerce found that Manarin and Odle had "commingled" money from client security
deposits with funds used to manage properties, including a property in which
Manarin and Odle had an ownership interest.

State regulations forbid brokers from mixing money on deposit in client escrow
accounts with other company accounts or personal funds.

In signing the order in his case, Manarin admitted to more than 60 counts of
violating various state regulations, among them the commingling activities. He
agreed to pay the state $ 11,000 in penalties, surrendered his broker's license
and was issued a sales representative's license. Manarin could not be reached
for comment.

The consent order signed by Odle states she "is hereby reprimanded for not being
sufficiently attentive to all aspects of the business for which her real estate
license is required."

Odle agreed to pay a total of $ 6,620 in fines for the same violations. She will
retain her broker's license, but agreed not to manage real estate properties.

As part of the consent order, she offered to pay for examination of Manarin and
Odle Realty's escrow accounts for each of the next three years, and agreed to
dissolve Manarin and Odle Management Inc.  Interviewed this week, Odle said the
management firm was run by Manarin while she ran the real estate sales business.
She said she was not aware of the violations until after they occurred.

"Technically, I was responsible for what happened, although I didn't have direct
knowledge and I didn't have day-to-day responsibility," she said.

Describing the alleged commingling, she said: "I think that the situation was
that the money was pooled.  ...  If there was a little negative [balance],
somebody else's money might have been used to make that up."

Odle said the realty company still is listing and selling properties, but she
and Manarin have not yet decided whether they will remain business partners.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             July 17, 2007 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

CONSULTANT'S FINDINGS;
Report says state crime lab should be overhauled

BYLINE: JULIE JETTE, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. ONE9

LENGTH: 842 words


FRAMINGHAM - The State Police Crime Laboratory needs a top-to-bottom overhaul,
and it needs to be done now, according to a consultant's report on the besieged
lab.

A recent review showed a backlog of 16,000 untested crime-scene samples at the
state lab. Public safety officials said Monday that they believe many of the
cases attached to the unanalyzed samples, some dating to 1985, have already been
resolved..

"We think that in these cases, there is only the remotest of possibilities that
a rapist or murderer is walking around free" because evidence was not analyzed,
said Kevin M. Burke, state secretary of public safety and security.

Local prosecutors' offices said the limits of the state crime lab are well
known.

David Traub, a spokesman for Norfolk County District Attorney William Keating,
said that office frequently sends DNA evidence to outside labs if the state
laboratory cannot process it quickly enough.

"We've yet to read the full report, but we have long managed the scarcity of
resources at the state laboratory by sending DNA samples on some of our cases
out for testing at private laboratories," Traub said.

The crime lab is already being investigated for the alleged mishandling of DNA
test results in about two dozen unsolved sexual-assault cases. Lab administrator
Robert Pino was fired April 13 for allegedly mishandling evidence. A month
earlier, Carl Selavka, the civilian director of the lab since July 1998 and one
of Pino's supervisors, resigned under pressure.

How the state would pay for the changes recommended in the new report was
unclear. The report was prepared by Vance International, a Virginia-based
security consulting firm with an office in Braintree.

The new state budget contains about $16 million for the crime lab, the same
amount the lab was given for the fiscal year that ended June 30.

With 40 DNA analysts - 16 of them are in training - the state has fewer than
half the number of analysts recommended in a previous report on the crime lab.

Among the recommendations in the Vance report are:

All forensics departments should be brought under a single laboratory director;
currently, various forensics specialties are dispersed among State Police
departments. The report calls for conducting a nationwide search for a lab
director.

The laboratory should bring uniformity to its quality-assurance practices and
have a quality-assurance manager who would report directly to the lab director.

The lab should have a DNA division director who meets a variety of national
standards. Vance also says the division is "largely perceived as a 'dumping
ground' for employees who were viewed as incompetent or 'unwanted' by other
units." Even though successive audits found problems with the unit's
administration, changes were not made, Vance says.

Make a strong effort to retain scientists. Salaries for scientists at the lab
lag behind those at other state labs, even in states with a much lower cost of
living than Massachusetts, the report says.

Burke and State Police Col. Mark F. Delaney said they plan to work with district
attorneys' offices to determine whether DNA analysis is needed on any of the
16,000 samples being stored. Burke said samples would be tested according to how
serious the crime was and how soon the statute of limitations might run out.

Among the 16,000 samples in storage at the lab are 4,000 rape-evidence kits that
have not been analyzed.

In many cases, the assailant's identity may already be known or the victim may
have chosen not to press the case, Burke said.

Gina Scaramella, executive director of the Boston Area Rape Crisis Center, said
she is concerned about whether the lab is failing to process evidence in cases
where prosecutors could go forward.

"We just would like to make sure that there is appropriate staffing, resources
and accountability back to the community on these cases," she said.

She added, "It's just so egregious to think that somebody had that opportunity
to know who their assailant was and had the choice at least of justice being
served," but the evidence was not processed before the statute of limitations
ran out.

Two dozen such cases were identified earlier this year.

Several defense lawyers said potentially innocent clients can spend too much
time in jail awaiting trial because of delays at the lab.

"For the past several years, it's expected that it's going to take a long time
and you're going to encounter frustration" in cases where the state crime lab is
processing DNA evidence, defense attorney Robert J. Galipois II of Barnstable
said.

Michael Boudreau, a defense lawyer from Boston, said, "In general, justice is
best served by a full and complete analysis of the evidence."

Although there are "good criminalists at the state lab," more are needed,
Boudreau said.

"There's too much politics and not enough science," he said.

Julie Jette may be reached at jjette@ledger.com.

Local prosecutors' offices said the limits of the state crime lab are well
known.

Potentially innocent clients can spend too much time in jail awaiting trial
because of delays at the lab.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Patriot Ledger


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 9, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

'An unholy mess': Disillusioned former members of a polygamist sect aren't
getting the help they need to start new lives

BYLINE: Daphne Bramham, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Daphne Bramham; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 966  words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY, Utah


SALT LAKE CITY, Utah - If Thursday was any guide, lawyers may be the ones who
starve America's largest polygamist group out of Utah and Arizona.

There were legions of them at a court hearing to determine who should control
the United Effort Plan trust, which is the repository for all of the property
assets of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints and
includes the townsite of Bountiful, B.C.

At the end of more than four hours of hearings, Judge Denise Lindberg gave the
court-appointed special fiduciary -- an accountant who was represented by two
lawyers of his own -- the power to settle court disputes and even sell UEP land
to pay the $1.16 million in 2005 taxes owing on the 3,306 acres

in Arizona and Utah. (There's no accounting yet for what might be owed on the
Bountiful land or trust property in Colorado, Texas or anywhere else.)

The judge then asked the legions of other lawyers to prepare more briefs on what
legal issues should be dealt with before she appoints permanent trustees to the
UEP on Oct. 25.

The irony is that all these lawyers and accountants may end up doing exactly
what the attorneys general of both Utah and Arizona set out to stop. In stopping
FLDS prophet Warren Jeffs from selling off the trust's assets for his own
enrichment, the lawyers may be selling all of the trust's assets to bankroll
their fees.

It seemed simple at first. The attorneys general asked the court to dismiss the
trustees and appoint a temporary receiver to preserve the trust's assets for its
beneficiaries.

Jeffs is often described as a tyrant, a dictator and Taliban-like in his
religious zeal. He is wanted on several charges involving sex with minors and is
the defendant in a civil case in which it is alleged he repeatedly sodomized and
molested boys.

He has evicted close to 200 men from homes they built on land they bought in
Hildale, Arizona, and Colorado City, Utah, and then donated to the trust.

Jeffs has reassigned the men's multiple wives and children to other husbands and
fathers. And he has cast out dozens if not hundreds of boys who didn't fit the
polygamous math of three wives for every good man.

Fortunately for the 600 or so people in Bountiful who have rejected Jeffs' rule
-- including former bishop Winston Blackmore -- nothing similar has happened in
Canada.

But Blackmore, one of whose homes is on UEP land, is now fighting to get back on
the UEP trust. He was a trustee until three years ago.

Blackmore was proposed by a group that urged the judge to take more time and get
more information before appointing trustees. But Blackmore said he's concerned
that with no trustees in place between now and Oct. 25, the FLDS leadership will
continue to loot the trust.

And even with more court orders, Blackmore -- who was surrounded by a flock of
supporters and his own lawyer -- wondered exactly who was going to enforce them,
since the police in the twin cities of Colorado City and Hildale enforce Jeffs'
orders, not those of the courts or the states.

So right now, it's business as usual for the former trustees.

The St. George Spectrum reported Thursday that one of them was signing building
permits as recently as July 22.

There was a standoff last month in Colorado City between local police and former
FLDS member Andrew Bistline, who was attempting to move back into the house he
had been evicted from earlier. It took four hours before police relented and
allowed him to move in.

What seemed simple -- take control of the church's trust and make sure the
beneficiaries get what they deserve -- is not.

It's not even clear exactly who the beneficiaries are.

Flora Jessop, who has spent the last 20 years trying to rescue child brides from
plural marriages to much older men, says anyone who lived there is entitled to a
share, since even six-year-olds are sent out to work.

Bruce Wisan, the special fiduciary, has found no records whatsoever. Pam Black,
another proposed trustee and former FLDS member, says she and her husband,
Martin, were never given any receipts for the land or the money they handed
over, even though they asked for them.

It's not clear who should represent the nearly 10,000 FLDS members who live in
Hildale and Colorado City, who have been ordered by Jeffs to "answer them
nothing" to the special fiduciary or anyone else asking about the trust. Or even
how those people can be fairly represented.

It's an unholy mess.

Janet Johanson, another proposed trustee who left the church nearly two decades
ago, described it as being like going into Iraq, deposing Saddam Hussein and
then trying to figure out what to rebuild without having any idea of the history
and religion and without understanding how families have been divided.

Meanwhile, as Judge Lindberg takes her time trying to sort through this mess,
the former trustees continue to act as if they still have control, which they do
because their followers are terrified that if they don't obey they'll lose their
homes and families and because they've been taught since birth that outsiders
are evil and mean to do you evil.

So, the former UEP trustees are issuing building permits, evicting people from
homes and generally acting as before.

But even with new trustees, what end can there be in sight?

Flora Jessop and others fear that if someone like Winston Blackmore gets back on
the board, the court will have wasted its time and a whole lot of money.

But it's a lot more complicated than that.

Everyone seems to agree that the women and children, in particular, need to know
that they won't be evicted for speaking out against the prophet or not following
orders.

But what hope of that can they have unless they forsake communal living and have
clear title? And nobody's talking about that.

Daphne Bramham is a columnist for the Vancouver Sun.

E-mail: dbramham@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Ian Smith, The Vancouver Sun; Northern Isolation: Former members of the
polygamous community in Bountiful B.C., above, have so far escaped the legal
problems their U.S. counterparts have had with Warren Jeffs, accused of
mishandling a church trust.;
Photo: Northern Isolation: Former members of the polygamous community in
Bountiful B.C. have so far escaped the legal problems their U.S. counterparts
have had with Warren Jeffs, above, accused of mishandling a church trust.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         South Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                 June 24, 2002

4th Circuit Rules Coast Guard To Pay $21M For Mishandling Charleston Rescue

BYLINE: Michael Dayton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1315  words


The families of three teenage boys who drowned in a 1997 sailboat accident in
Charleston Harbor will receive $21 million for the Coast Guard's mishandling of
a rescue operation.

The boys drowned in frigid waters off Sullivan's Island despite a Mayday call to
Coast Guard officials and radio reports from passing boats of cries for help.

U.S. District Court Judge David Norton ruled in favor of the families last year
and awarded nearly $19 million for the deaths. The award now includes $2 million
in postjudgment interest.

The U.S. 4th Circuit affirmed the trial court verdict in April, and the
government announced earlier this month it would drop any further appeals.

"We were able to show the Coast Guard began a search, then improperly abandoned
it," said Charleston attorney Gedney M. Howe III. "As a result, these three boys
died. They could have and should have been rescued. "

Coast Guard officials said they never undertook to render aid to the sailboat,
which hit a harbor jetty at night after straying off course. The plaintiffs
successfully argued the Coast Guard conducted a rescue operation by using a
private boat. The Coast Guard acted recklessly in effectively terminating that
search just before daybreak, the trial court ruled.

The unpublished decision is Hurd v. United States of America (South Carolina
Lawyers Weekly No. 001-134-02, 18 pages).

Facts

The case arose on Dec. 29, 1997 when the Morning Dew, a 34-foot sailboat, struck
the north jetty at Charleston Harbor. The four passengers died. They were:
Michael Wayne Cornett and his two sons; and a cousin, Bobby Lee Hurd Jr.

Testimony at trial indicated the group was sailing from Little River to
Jacksonville, Fla. Although they intended to follow the Intracoastal Waterway, a
wrong turn put them in the open sea. They hit the jetty at 2:17 a.m.

According to evidence introduced at the bench trial, the court found Mr. Cornett
probably was thrown overboard and drowned shortly after the impact. The youngest
son, James Daniel Cornett, sent out a Mayday distress signal at 2:18 a.m.,
stating, "Mayd Mayday, U.S. Coast Guard, come in. "

Petty Officer Shelley, who was on watch at the Charleston Coast Guard operations
center, tried to make contact with the caller but was unsuccessful. About four
minutes later, Shelley received another call from a similar voice. Shelley again
tried unsuccessfully to contact the caller. Shelley did not log the calls and
did not tell his supervisor he'd received them until the boys' bodies were
found.

In his deposition, Officer Shelley said he never heard the word Mayday in the
boy's radio call. He never rewound the tape made by the Coast Guard. However,
after listening to that tape, the Judge Norton said that testimony from Shelley
was not credible.

About four hours later, at 6:10 a.m., Gerald Lucas, a member of the Charleston
Harbor Pilots Association, was bringing a boat through the harbor. He was told
that a boatswain onboard heard someone screaming for help near buoy 22. Lucas
relayed that to the Pilot's Office, which contacted the Coast Guard.

The Pilot's Office reached Officer Shelley and told him about the cries for help
from "somebody in the water. " The Pilot's Office also said a pilot boat was
returning to search the area. Shelley confirmed the location of the distress
call and requested a call back if anything was found.

As Shelley went off duty, he informed his supervisor and another officer about
the call from the Pilot's Office. At 6:48 a.m., the Pilot's Office called back
and said the search had turned up nothing.

"Despite a 'confirmed distress call,' [the second officer] took no further
action," according to the opinion.

At 11:15 a.m., the Coast Guard learned two bodies - one teenage son and the
cousin - were found floating off the coast of Sullivan's Island. The body of the
third teenager was found around 1 p.m. The father's body washed ashore about 26
days later.

Personal representatives from the two families filed a lawsuit under the federal
Tort Claims Act and an admiralty claim under general maritime law.

Following a two-day trial, the judge ruled against the Coast Guard, concluding:

* The Coast Guard undertook to render aid by using the pilot boat that returned
to buoy 22 as a search asset.

* The failure of the Coast Guard to take further action after receiving a report
from the pilot boat amounted to a termination of the search.

* The termination of the search was wanton and reckless and worsened the
decedents' position.

The court awarded $18.9 million in damages for the deaths of the three teens.
The trial judge awarded no damages for Mr. Cornett's death, finding a Coast
Guard rescue operation would not have saved him.

Appeal

The U.S. 4th Circuit Court of Appeals affirmed, rejecting each of the
government's arguments.

* Coast Guard undertook to render aid. Federal law does not impose an
affirmative duty on the Coast Guard to rescue persons in distress, and
government attorneys argued no attempt was made to rescue Cornett's sailboat.

The court disagreed.

"The trial court found that the Coast Guard attempted to aid the Morning Dew by
using the pilot boat returning to buoy 22 as a search asset," the appeals panel
said. "This conclusion is amply supported by the record.

"The Coast Guard received a report from a professional mariner that someone was
heard yelling for help in the water near buoy 22. Pursuant to the U.S. Coast
Guard Search and Rescue Manual, the Coast Guard may use private resources in the
course of rendering aid to mariners in danger. "

The officers on duty knew a pilot boat was returning to the site, the court
said, and the second officer testified a Coast Guard boat would have been
launched if that had not been the case. Relying on the pilot boat to check the
area near the buoy was an appropriate response, one Coast Guard supervisor
testified.

* Wanton, reckless finding affirmed. The trial judge ruled that the termination
of the search before sunrise was "the exercise of no care at all to whoever was
in the water. " The appeals panel affirmed.

"The Coast Guard had a report from a professional mariner that someone was heard
yelling for help, and they were aware that the pilot boat had searched the
relevant area before dawn with negative results," the court said. "[The on-duty
officer], knowing that someone in the water would be in danger of serious bodily
injury or death, made the decision to do nothing further without 'ask[ing] any
amplifying questions regarding search conditions, area searched, [or]
visibility. "

The officer also failed to send a second boat to double-check the area after
sunrise, the court said, and a Coast Guard commander concluded "the search
should not have been allowed to terminate before first light. "

* Worsening position. The appeals panel also affirmed that the Coast Guard
worsened the decedents' position.

"The trial court concluded that the Coast Guard's actions worsened the
children's position 'by inducing the pilot's association to cease their efforts
in the belief that the Coast Guard had the situation in hand,'" the court said.

The 4th Circuit said the evidence supported that determination.

"Pilot Lucas, based on the conversations between the Pilot's Office and the
Coast Guard that he was made aware of that night, and his prior experience with
the Coast Guard, testified that he expected the Coast Guard to launch a search
boat," the court said. "Lucas also stated that the pilot boat discontinued its
search efforts because the pilots thought the Coast Guard was going to launch a
boat.

"The president of the Charleston Harbor Pilots Association concluded that the
pilot boat would have done more had it known the Coast Guard was not coming,"
the court said. "Accordingly, we also conclude that the District Court did not
commit clear error in finding that the Coast Guard's termination of the search
before daylight worsened the decedents' positions. "

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 16, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BYLINE: By ROGER COLLIS

SECTION: Section 5; Column 1; Travel Desk; Q & A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 462 words



I flew British Airways with my five children from Paris to Boston (via London).
Upon arrival my three checked bags were not there. I went to the claims desk and
filled out a mishandled-baggage report. I received two pieces a week later, but
not the third. British Airways has offered me 20.22 euros [$25, at $1.24 to the
euro] per kilo for the lost piece, which is fine. However, for the two delayed
pieces I am being offered 188.70 euros [$234], whereas I presented receipts for
$556.03 (clothes and shoes for six people and a further $45 for toiletries). I
had no separate baggage insurance. An airline employee in Boston told me that
they would reimburse me $70 per person. -- Francoise Lordet van der Wansem,
Grand-Leez, Belgium


I think British Airways has treated you pretty fairly, though under the terms of
the Montreal Convention of 1999, compensation for lost or damaged baggage is
limited to a maximum of $1,300. There are no rules setting out compensation for
delayed baggage.

When luggage is misplaced or lost, it is essential to fill out a Property
Irregularity Report (P.I.R.) with the airline (or its handling agent), and to
keep a copy. Lost bags are the responsibility of the carrier that flew the final
leg of the trip. But it would have been wise to agree on the spot how much you
could spend on essentials to tide you over. Don't put all essential items in one
suitcase or valuable items into checked bags.

An annual comprehensive travel insurance policy sold by major travel agents such
as American Express should cover you for up to $2,000 for lost or damaged
baggage, and reimburse you for emergency items. You should be able to claim
essential expenses (up to $300) if your baggage is delayed for more than 12
hours. You may be covered by your homeowners insurance.

According to a new survey by SITA, a technology consulting group for the
industry, the problem of mishandled and lost baggage is getting worse because of
airport congestion, tight turnaround times, more interlining (official
connections between carriers), tighter security and increasing numbers of
passengers and bags. The company reported that an average of 204,000 bags are
lost or stolen every year. In 2005, the main cause (61 percent) of baggage delay
was ''mishandling'' of bags between connecting flights.

Other causes included failure to load bags, ticketing errors and mishandling on
arrival. Baggage is less likely to get lost on a direct flight; avoid tight
connections where you may catch the plane but your bags won't. And don't arrive
too late at the gate. ''Baggage reconciliation,'' which ensures that no
unaccompanied baggage is on the plane, usually begins about 10 minutes before
departure. If you are not onboard, your bags may be taken off.   ROGER COLLIS

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 24, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Translator's Lawyers Cite Contradictions;
Detainee Letters' Status As Classified Is at Issue

BYLINE: John Mintz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A02

LENGTH: 1003 words


Attorneys for an Air Force translator at the Guantanamo Bay prison who faces a
variety of criminal charges said military officials have offered contradictory
explanations about whether they consider information found in his possession to
be classified. The continually changing reasons make it difficult to determine
the basis for many of the criminal charges against him, the lawyers contend.

The complaint came in 40 pages of legal papers filed last week in the
court-martial of Airman Ahmad I. Halabi. His attorneys said investigators have
repeatedly changed their reasoning about why the translations of letters from
detainees to their families that Halabi possessed were considered classified.

"Halabi remains in jail and has been in pre-trial confinement for nine months,
and still the government does not have a consolidated, consistent or
intelligible position on the classification of information" in the case,
Halabi's attorneys wrote. "Each time the defense points out the flaws in the
classification logic, a different reason for classification of information is
created or invented."

The legal documents were filed one month after the U.S. military dropped all
criminal charges against Army Capt. James Yee, a Muslim chaplain who also worked
at the Guantanamo Bay military prison in Cuba for al Qaeda and Taliban suspects.
Yee's case was  racked  with disputes about whether the documents he possessed
were properly deemed classified. Yesterday, two Democratic senators on the Armed
Services Committee, Edward M. Kennedy (Mass.) and Carl M. Levin (Mich.), asked
the Pentagon to investigate the military's treatment of Yee.

Halabi, who has been held in solitary confinement on a California military base,
is charged with mishandling classified material and attempted espionage, among
other charges. The latter charge stems from an alleged plan, apparently never
carried out, to pass information to someone in his native Syria.

A military spokesman, Air Force Lt. Col. Jennifer L. Cassidy, declined to
comment on the attorney's assertions, saying they are "matters properly resolved
by the military judge."

Military officials dropped the charges against Yee for the alleged mishandling
of classified material on March 19, saying that holding a trial risked exposing
secrets. Yee's attorneys disputed that assertion, noting that officials failed
for months to agree on which of the documents found in Yee's possession were
classified, and why. The hearings in the Yee case were delayed five times
because of this security review.

According to Halabi's court papers, last July, soon after Halabi was arrested in
Florida following eight months in Guantanamo Bay, officials said the copies of
detainee letters that he had on his laptop computer were classified because the
letters contained inmate identification numbers. The combinations of names and
numbers made them a secret, they added.

But, in September, officials said having the names alone was a violation.

At a hearing last month, officials said neither the names nor the numbers, nor
any combinations, were classified. Air Force Office of Special Investigations
agent Lance Wega said, though, that the "family names and addresses of
detainees" in the letters remained classified.

In addition, officials said, a CD-ROM that Halabi had with information identical
to that on the laptop was classified. Defense attorneys said that, earlier this
month, an official at the Southern Command, the military unit that oversees the
Guantanamo Bay prison, told them why the CD-ROM was secret, but that he added
that the reason was itself classified. Halabi's attorneys wrote that the
official's reason was "completely inconsistent" with all the other explanations
given previously.

Halabi's military lawyers, Air Force Majors James Key and Kim London, wrote that
the letters cannot be classified because they were created not by the government
but by detainees -- and that, in any case, the letters are "old mail long ago
released to detainees or their families." Guantanamo Bay translators such as
Halabi translated the letters on non-secure computers and were not warned to
treat the letters or inmate numbers as secret, the lawyers wrote.

The government also asserts that a sketch in Halabi's possession, which depicts
the layout of some prison buildings, is classified.

"How can it be classified?" asked Donald Rehkopf, a civilian attorney for
Halabi. "They've shown reporters through there, and any of them could have drawn
it."

In September, officials also alleged that Halabi committed wrongdoing when,
during a break in a hearing, he used a computer in his attorney's office to add
some photos of his fiancee to his personal Web site and to remove others.
Officials theorized that he might have been trying to destroy evidence or
communicate with outsiders using coded messages, and cited the episode as a
reason to keep him in jail. Armed with a search warrant, the government seized
documents from the lawyer's computer.

But, Halabi's lawyers wrote, a military computer expert retained by them to
examine the Web site concluded within minutes that no one, including Halabi, had
altered the site since last May.

Rehkopf said military investigators got the impression that the Web site was
changing over time because they were inadvertently varying the placement of
capital letters in calling up some pages from the site. Some pages on the site
require capital letters in specific positions.

An Air Force investigator stated that he spent 800 hours examining the Halabi
Web site for evidence, and officials said last month they still suspected that
there are hidden features in the site that allow outsiders to gather information
secreted there. Last fall, the government dropped some charges that Halabi used
the Internet to send secrets to unauthorized people.

Halabi's family says investigators mistakenly concluded he was sending secrets
to Syria because he periodically communicated with the Syrian Embassy to arrange
a trip there to be married.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     May 28, 1992, Thursday, Tampa Edition

State attorney looking at center

BYLINE: RICHARD DANIELSON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The management of the Tampa Convention Center, recently criticized by city
auditors for poor record-keeping, mishandling funds and failing to follow city
ordinances, also has caught the attention of the Hillsborough State Attorney's
Office.

    City officials confirmed Wednesday that prosecutors delivered a subpoena
last week to convention center director Barry Strafacci, who is custodian of the
center's records.

    The subpoena seeks a large number of documents, probably enough to fill
several boxes, city spokesman Stephen LaBour said.

    "We are fully cooperating with them and giving them everything that they
have asked for," he said.

    City Attorney Pamela K. Akin said the scope of the subpoena was "very
broad," going back several years.

    "They basically asked for everything," she said. "They asked for a large
number of documents over a protracted period of time."

    Neither Strafacci nor his boss Joe Abrahams, the city's administrator for
parks, recreation and cultural services, returned telephone messages left at
their homes Wednesday night.

    State Attorney Bill James and his chief assistant, Chris Hoyer, refused to
comment on the subpoena or to say whether prosecutors have begun an
investigation of the convention center.

    In response to a reporter's question, however, Hoyer did say the convention
center is not the subject of a current Hillsborough grand jury investigation.

    In a May 8 report, the city's Internal Audit Division criticized convention
center managers for mishandling funds and maintaining loose controls over
certain financial records.

    Auditors also said the center's staff had not followed city ordinances and
procedures for collecting rents and commissions. In particular, the convention
center's managers did not charge City Council-established rates for some events
and did not seek the council's approval before charging a lower rate.

    Last week, Strafacci acknowledged that the center needs to improve its
record-keeping. Abrahams said city officials also plan to ask the City Council
to change city ordinances to give convention center managers more flexibility to
negotiate rents.

    In a written response to the auditors' report, the convention center's
managers denied mishandling funds. City auditors will consider the response
before issuing a final report.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 21, 2012 Friday

Ex-prosecutor to head review of crime lab

BYLINE: By Matt Murphy, State House News Service

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 973 words


BOSTON -- Former county prosecutor David Meier will lead a new central office
set up to review the thousands of criminal cases potentially tainted by a state
drug-lab chemist.

Meier was introduced by Gov. Deval Patrick Thursday and said he would begin
meeting Friday morning with prosecutors, defense attorneys and others involved
in the state's review of the 60,000 drug samples handled by chemist Annie
Dookhan since 2003 at the now-closed state drug-crime lab in Jamaica Plain.

"I stand before you today as an advocate for fairness and due process on behalf
of the criminal-justice system," said Meier, whose resume includes more than 20
years as a prosecutor in Middlesex and Suffolk counties. He is a partner at Todd
& Weld, specializing in criminal defense and government investigations.

Patrick said Meier was "uniquely suited" to identify cases that may have been
impacted by Dookhan's mishandling of evidence, and expressed confidence that the
trial attorney would bring an "independent and objective voice" to the process.

"The breakdown at the DPH drug lab is serious and its potential impact on
justice and individual cases is deeply troubling to all of us," Patrick said at
a press conference outside his office with Meier and Public Safety Secretary
Mary Beth Heffernan.

The administration is identifying office space at One Ashburton Place, a state
government office building, for Meier's team to begin working. Meier will be
paid the equivalent of a Cabinet secretary's salary -- roughly $150,000 a year,
or $12,500 a month --for the duration of the work.

Patrick said that at his request, Attorney General Martha Coakley's office has
also begun a broader review of the drug analysis unit at the Hinton Laboratory
to determine whether any failures at the lab impacted the results of cases
beyond those 34,000 cases handled by Dookhan.

In a letter to district attorneys and public defenders, Coakley said she had
appointed the chief of her trial division, Helene Kazanjian, to lead the review
and will hire independent forensic experts to assess the reliability of testing
results from the drug lab.

The attorney general's case review is separate from the criminal investigation
her office and the State Police are undertaking that could lead to charges being
brought against Dookhan or her supervisors for the role they played in the
mishandling of drug evidence.

The central office will be responsible for cross-referencing case files from
prosecutors and defense attorneys with drug samples and other information from
DPH, the Trial Court, the departments of correction, probation, parole and youth
services, the Federal Bureau of Prisons, the U.S. Attorney's Office and other
federal agencies. Patrick said priority will be given to defendants currently
incarcerated.

"The task in front on him and in front of all of us is large but it's not
impossible. We will get this right. Working together I have no doubt that we
will see justice done and use this experience as a platform for thinking through
what kinds of changes in the system might be necessary to have further checks
and balances in the future," said Patrick, who is wading through one of the most
significant crises under his watch as governor.

Patrick is also identifying additional spending requirements that could include
paralegal staff, and he plans to file a supplemental budget request with the
Legislature. The governor said some district attorneys and the Committee for
Public Counsel Services have expressed concerns about the impact additional work
could have on their budgets.

Dookhan, who worked for the Department of Public Health for nine years before
resigning in March, allegedly tampered with drug samples to alter their weights
or produce false-positive tests, according to prosecutors and defense attorneys.

Lab supervisors discovered in June 2011 that Dookhan had performed drug tests on
90 evidence samples without signing them out, and then added her initials and
others' initials to the sign-out book after the fact. The supervisors removed
Dookhan from full-time testing, though she continued to perform periodic
testing, and did not inform DPH authorities until December, when a DPH
investigation began.

Heffernan reiterated that in her time at the lab Dookhan handled about 60,000
samples from 34,000 criminal cases. Patrick said at this point he does not
believe that list will expand.

"The chemist had her own set of rules," he said.

First Assistant Attorney General Edward Bedrosian Jr., in his letter to
Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early and CPCS Chief Counsel Anthony
Benedetti, said investigators believe Dookhan was acting alone. Officials have
not speculated on a motive.

"We have received cooperation from current and former employees of the
laboratory and at this time we do not have reason to believe other chemists were
involved in similar alleged misconduct," Bedrosian wrote.

Meier said he was not working on any timetable, though administration officials
estimated it would take at least several months to match the samples handled by
Dookhan with specific criminal cases and determine whether the outcomes of those
cases were impacted.

Meier spent 12 years as the chief of homicide in the Suffolk District Attorney's
Office supervising the investigation and trials for all Boston homicides. In
2007, Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly named him lawyer of the year, citing his work
"behind the scenes to seek justice for victims and their families, as well as
those who had been wrongfully convicted."

A graduate of Amherst College and Boston University Law School, Meier is also a
fellow of the American College of Trial Attorneys and trustee of the New England
Innocence Project. He joined Todd & Weld in 2008. According to his resume, he's
co-chair of the Boston Bar Association's Task Force to Prevent Wrongful
Convictions.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Inside Bay Area

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday

Berkeley group seeks strict cop drug-handling rule

BYLINE: By Kristin Bender, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 438 words


BERKELEY -- The city's Copwatch group is calling on the Berkeley Police
Department to tighten its drug-handling procedures and release findings of its
probe into a former narcotics sergeant suspected of stealing and using heroin
from an evidence locker.

In January, the sergeant -- who this newspaper is not naming because he has not
been arrested or charged with a crime -- was placed on administrative leave
pending the outcome of an internal affairs probe and a tandem investigation by
the Alameda County District Attorney's Office.

But on March 14, the sergeant retired from the department after 18 years rather
than cooperate with internal affairs, said police spokesman Officer Ed Galvan.
Sources said the 52-year-old former sergeant is now in a drug treatment program
in Contra Costa County.

Galvan said the department's investigation determined there was mishandling of
drug evidence last year. "There was evidence that was unaccounted for," he said.

Galvan did not release further details because the case is being reviewed by the
district attorney. He did say no criminal cases were compromised because drug
evidence was mishandled.

The former sergeant is represented by attorney Harry Stern from Rains, Lucia and
Wilkinson in Pleasant Hill. Stern, who was not available for comment Tuesday,
has been in talks with the district attorney's office about a plea agreement for
his client, sources said.

What charges he could face were not clear Tuesday.

But Andrea Prichett of Berkeley Copwatch said her group wants the department to
release details about the case and investigate the other four officers who had
access to the evidence locker when the tampering occurred.

"It seems to me policies were violated or were inadequate to preserve the
integrity of the drug vault," Prichett said. "I'm very curious to find out how
they plan to prevent future occurrences."

Galvan said Tuesday the officers have been questioned, and they did not tamper
with or mishandle drugs. The mishandling was committed by one staff member in
the last half of 2005, he said.

Police said the stolen drugs were from inactive cases and headed for
destruction. But Prichett, who said it is her understanding 181 evidence
envelopes were tampered with, questions that theory.

Galvan said the department has tightened drug-handling procedures. Chief Doug
Hambleton also has requested that the California Commission on Peace Officers
Standard of Training review how Berkeley handles drug evidence and if changes
should be made.

Until the commission comes back with its findings, a temporary policy requires
two officers to sign out drug evidence headed for court.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Howard in the dock;
COMMENT & DEBATE - POLITICS

BYLINE: Shaun Carney

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1092 words


The Prime Minister chose to let the David Hicks issue drag on for so long that
it cost him politically.

THE veteran British dance-pop duo the Pet Shop Boys by all accounts put on a
good show at the Myer Music Bowl on Tuesday night, rolling out hit after hit.
It's been a while since Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe have been near the top of
the Australian charts; their brand of mid-paced melodic music, delivered amid
washes of analogue synthesisers, is no longer fashionable. But they continue to
turn out solid material and their single I'm with Stupid, released last year,
was a very effective political pop song.

Although no names or places are mentioned in the song, it is clear that its
central character is Tony Blair, who is writing a letter to George Bush. The
central conceit of I'm with Stupid is that Blair is cast as a disillusioned
lover whose fidelity and devotion have not been repaid. The first verse is: "See
you on the TV/ Call you every day/ Fly across the ocean/ Just to let you get
your way/ No one understands me/ Where I'm coming from/ Why would I be with
someone who's obviously so dumb?" Eventually, "Blair" asks: "Is stupid really
stupid/ Or a different kind of smart?/ Do we really have a relationship/ So
special in your heart?"

Not long after the song's release, I found myself in conversation with someone
with strong professional links with Blair. He'd heard the song and noted with a
sigh that Pet Shop Boys had initially been powerful enthusiasts for the New
Labour project. What these pop artists had identified was Blair's failed gamble
on Bush, the investment of his own prestige in an American presidency that is
the worst in living memory. But that seems to be what happens when you stay too
close to Bush for too long - even your supporters start to despair about your
judgement.

There is probably only one political leader who has shown even greater faith in
Bush than that shown by Blair and that is our own Prime Minister, John Howard.
Predictably, the blind devotion to a White House whose behaviour has veered
between the venal and the bumptious is now starting to carry a cost here, too.

As is often the way, it's the unexpected or hitherto neglected event on which
politics can turn. In the United States, it was Bush's inexplicable mishandling
of hurricane Katrina - days after the deluge all but destroyed New Orleans he
was so disengaged that advisers had to compile a DVD of TV footage and force him
to watch it while he was travelling on a plane and could not walk away - that
crystallised public disquiet over his presidency.

In Australia, the Howard Government's mishandling of the predicament of David
Hicks, a man who by his actions is no decent Australian's idea of a poster boy
for anything good about this country, has played a similar role. On its own, the
Hicks case would not be enough to have a decisive effect on voter opinion, and
understandably so: Hicks attached himself to people and a cause committed to
killing his fellow Australians and wrecking our society.

That's why it took more than four years for domestic opinion on Hicks' plight to
turn around. But it did turn around. And why? Because the Prime Minister and
other leading members of the Government simply could not see past their devotion
to the Bush White House. It's the Bush Administration that created the
circumstances that allowed for the prolonged mistreatment of Hicks.

But it was the Howard Government that placed its faith in Bush and washed its
hands of one of its own citizens until a recent change in public opinion forced
it to show a genuine - or perhaps not that genuine - interest in concluding this
sorry matter.

All the way through, the Government placed politics ahead of principle in the
way it approached Hicks. There were echoes, but thankfully only echoes, given
what we know of its extensive practice of "rendition", of the Bush White House's
comprehensive abandonment of important elements of the Geneva Convention - a
misplaced belief that the rights of each individual are obstacles to be
overcome, rather than treasures to be protected. What finally tripped up the
Government is a fundamental truth about what makes liberal democracies the
highest expression of human progress: that their moral strength lies in how they
treat their least worthy members.

The moral confusion that has prevailed in the Government's handling of the Hicks
case was demonstrated in an interview on Wednesday on the ABC's 7.30 Report in
which Kerry O'Brien asked Howard about his acceptance of two investigations by
the US military that rejected Hicks' claims of torture. O'Brien quoted Lawrence
Wilkerson, who was chief of staff to Bush's first secretary of state, Colin
Powell, as describing these investigations as a farce. O'Brien asked: "What if
he is right and David Hicks was abused to the point where he just would have
said just about anything to come home?"

Howard: Well, I'm not going to speculate about that, because David Hicks has
said he wasn't tortured. David Hicks has said he was not dealt with illegally.

O'Brien: He also filed an affidavit for the British courts and said the
opposite.

Howard: People might equally say somebody who has admitted to training with
al-Qaeda would say anything.

O'Brien: But even the serving US Defence Secretary Robert Gates . . .

Howard: Hang on, you can have this sort of thing both ways, Kerry, and we can
speculate forever. It's not unknown that people make allegations of torture when
they're inaccurate. Now I don't know, I wasn't there. All I can do and I think
all any reasonable man can do is to rely on what is on the record, to examine
the results of investigations.

This was not just the house of cards that has been the Government's handling of
Hicks collapsing, it was the squirting of lighter fluid on the cards, a match
being flung on to the pile, and maniacal laughter accompanying the
conflagration. Yes, you can have this sort of thing both ways but you shouldn't,
no matter how much of a political mess you're in, and especially if you're
leading a nation that is engaged in a long-term struggle against nihilistic
fundamentalists who despise our values.

I believe the Prime Minister is a fundamentally better person than he has shown
himself to be in his Government's dealings with Hicks, but power can do
regrettable things to people. What went wrong for him in this instance is that
he let the issue drag on for so long that it was he who ended up being judged
when it should always have been Hicks, and Hicks alone, who was judged.

Shaun Carney is associate editor.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION BY SPOONER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                                  May 27, 2005

Pentagon admits five acts of 'mishandling' the Koran

BYLINE: Rupert Cornwell in Washington

LENGTH: 486 words


The Pentagon admitted last night it had substantiated five occasions when US
military personnel at Guantanamo Bay prison "mishandled" the Koran of Muslim
detainees. But it said it found no credible evidence to confirm a complaint that
the Islamic holy book had been flushed down a toilet.

Jay W Hood, the one-star general who commands the detention centre for suspected
terrorists on Cuba, refused to give details of the cases of mishandling, saying
the incidents, which occurred early in the camp's existence, were still under
investigation. That they could be "broadly defined" as mishandling was as far as
he would go.

But he told a press conference that a prisoner who reportedly complained to an
FBI agent that a military guard had thrown a Koran into a toilet told Brig-Gen
Hood's team that he had only been told of the incident, and had never witnessed
any form of desecration at first hand.

The admission by the military is the latest twist in an affair which began with
a claim in the 9 May issue of Newsweek magazine that a Pentagon internal report
had concluded that a Koran had been flushed in a toilet, as alleged by several
detainees after their release from Guantanamo Bay.

The report contributed to riots in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and was then
challenged by the Bush adminstration. After checking with the unnamed official
who gave the tip, the magazine acknowledged the report was mistaken. It formally
retracted the story in much embarrassment, but not before more damage had been
inflicted on the tattered reputation of the US across the Islamic world.

However, controversy flared again with the publication of FBI documents on
Wednesday, recording further allegations from detainees that the Koran had been
desecrated. Last night's appearance by Brig-Gen Hood was in response to these
documents, unearthed by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), which
campaigns against prison abuse.

"I'd like you to know that we have found no credible evidence that a member of
the Joint Task Force at Guantanamo Bay ever flushed a Koran down a toilet,"
Brig-Gen Hood said. But 13 incidents of alleged mishandling of the Koran had
been identified. Of the alleged incidents, five were substantiated, he said.

Nonetheless, his account is likely only to fuel controversy over the base,
described this week by Amnesty International as a "Gulag". It may also partly
restore the reputation of Newsweek, after its scolding by the White House and
Pentagon. It increasingly seems the magazine, while slipping up over an
important detail, was correct in the broad picture it presented of Guantanamo
Bay.

* The Senate delayed confirming John Bolton last night as President Bush's
nominee to be the US ambassador to the UN. Republican supporters of Mr Bolton
failed to secure the 60 votes needed to end floor debate. Mr Bolton is, however,
likely to be confirmed early next month.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Newspaper

               © Copyright 2005 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 18, 2000 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

EX-CIA CHIEF TO TESTIFY ON MISHANDLING OF DOCUMENTS

BYLINE: JONATHAN S. LANDAY, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Former CIA Director John Deutch has agreed to answer lawmakers' questions next
week about why he kept secret materials on unprotected home computers that were
used to access the Internet.

Deutch, now a chemistry professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
will testify Tuesday in a closed session of the Senate intelligence committee,
said Andrea Andrews, a representative of the chair, Sen. Richard Shelby, R-Ala.

Deutch's mishandling of highly classified materials, including memos to
President Clinton and details of covert operations, has raised concerns that
hackers may have filched national secrets from his computers.

There is no evidence of such theft, but CIA Director George Tenet has said he
could not be certain the materials were not compromised. Experts say that while
it would have been extremely difficult, it would have been possible for skilled
operators to have broken into the three CIA-owned computers in Deutch's home
while they were connected to the Internet.

Shelby had asked Deutch to testify earlier this month, but he declined, citing a
scheduling conflict.

Andrews said the intelligence committee wanted to question Deutch about "his own
actions" in mishandling the materials on the computers, as well as his
"interactions with CIA staff investigating this matter."

Andrews declined to elaborate. But the New York Times on Saturday quoted CIA
records and officials as saying Deutch had recommended the agency's former
executive director, Nora Slatkin, for a job at Citibank as she was monitoring an
internal probe into his handling of the classified materials.

Slatkin served as a senior Pentagon official while Deutch was deputy defense
secretary, and he brought her to the CIA when he was named the director in 1995.

In a related matter Thursday, the Pentagon said it had begun reviewing
classified defense materials found among the files on Deutch's computers,
looking at what might have been in the documents and how they got there.

A secret report by the CIA inspector general said agency security officers who
inspected Deutch's computers as he was leaving the CIA in 1996 discovered some
75 files totaling about 250 pages of highly classified materials, according to
several officials familiar with the report. All spoke on condition of anonymity.

The report also said the computers were used to send e-mail and that someone had
accessed pornographic sites while Deutch was not home, the officials said.

The Justice Department reviewed the case, but declined last April to prosecute
Deutch. Tenet then stripped him indefinitely of his CIA security clearances.

The Pentagon also lifted most of Deutch's defense security clearances. Earlier
this month, Deutch offered to give up three remaining clearances that had
allowed him access to data on defense technologies as a consultant to several
contractors.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Deutch
[000218 FR 15A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 23, 2000, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CALIFORNIA OFFICIALS FORCED INSURERS TO GIVE TO CONTROVERSIAL FUND AFTER QUAKE;
DONATIONS WERE COERCED FROM FIRMS ACCUSED OF MISHANDLING CLAIMS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A15

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, CALIF.


Accused of mishandling claims from the 1994 earthquake in Los Angeles,
executives from six insurance companies were summoned to the state Insurance
Department's headquarters.

They were ushered into an office one by one and offered a choice: Donate to a
new fund set up by the department or face billions of dollars' worth of
penalties.

"They were told, 'You cooperate,'" an insurance industry source familiar with
the meetings told The Associated Press. The meetings were in spring 1999 with
then-Chief Deputy Insurance Commissioner William Palmer.

"One (executive) would walk in, and Palmer would throw down two press releases -
one that he said would be sent out if they contributed, the other if they
didn't. One by one, they got mad and walked out," said an insurance executive
whose account was confirmed by two other sources. All spoke on condition of
anonymity.

Ultimately, the insurers decided to avoid the penalties and gave the fund a
total of $ 11.6 million in donations for education, consumer assi stance and
earthquake research.

The dismissed potential fines were enormous: $ 2.38 billion for State Farm, $
819 million for 21st Century and $ 172 million for Allstate.

A spokesman for Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush, who the sources said
did not attend the meetings, said those penalties were cited for "shock value"
and never seriously contemplated. "They extrapolated the worst-case scenario for
every problem we identified, including willful violations," said spokesman Dan
Edwards.

The controversial fund that the fines went to, the California Research and
Assistance Fund, is now the focus of investigations by two committees of the
state Legislature and by Attorney General Bill Lockyer.

Legislative hearings are expected to focus on what has happened to the
mishandled claims that prompted the threatened fines.

They include complaints that insurers intentionally understated damage estimates
in settlement offers, improperly deducted for wear-and-tear, did not inform
policyholders of benefits and forced some to sue for compensation.

Consumer advocates say many complaints remain unresolved six years after the
quake in the Northridge area of Los Angeles.

The fund has spent $ 3 million for public service ads featuring Quackenbush, a
Republican re-elected in 1998, and another $ 1.1 million for public service ads
starring Shaquille O'Neal of the Los Angeles Lakers. The Quackenbush ads that
aired last November showed him discussing quake dangers and urging viewers to
call a toll-free number for more information. The O'Neal ads have yet to air.

The fund also donated $ 500,000 to the Greater Sacramento Urban League after
Quackenbush joined the organization's board of directors. The league has no
official business related to earthquakes.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               November 19, 1990

Agencies charge FCC with mishandling Nynex probe;
N.Y. group ask for reexamination of the case.

BYLINE: By Anita Taff, Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: TELECOMMUNICATIONS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 547 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


The New York attorney general's office and the state's Consumer Protection Board
have accused the FCC with mishandling its overcharging case against Nynex Corp.
and asked the commission to reopen the investigation.

In a Nov. 5 filing, the agencies charged that the Federal Communications
Commission did not uncover the full extent of the overcharging committed by
Nynex. They said they had no opportunity to present evidence backing up their
assertions because the FCC refused to conduct a public hearing before closing
the matter.

Nynex was accused of siphoning profits from its regulated telephone companies --
New England Telephone and Telegraph Co. and New York Telephone Co.  -- by
forcing them to buy goods and services at inflated prices through a Nynex
subsidiary, Materiel Enterprises Co. (MECO).

In February, the FCC said an audit had revealed that the telephone companies had
passed on to customers almost $120 million in overcharges through inflated
prices.

The FCC initially decided to fine Nynex $1.4 million and require the carrier to
reduce rates by an amount equal to the overcharges. But to the surprise of many,
the FCC in October signed a consent decree with Nynex relieving the carrier of
admitting wrongdoing and allowing it to make a tax deductible $1.4 million
"voluntary contribution" to the Department of the Treasury in lieu of a fine.

The consent decree also required the carrier to reduce by $35.5 million its
interstate access rates -- the only services over which the FCC has jurisdiction
-- and stipulated that the FCC give up the right to further investigate the
allegations of overcharging.

In their joint filing, the two New York state agencies said the FCC must
reconsider its decision to enter into the consent decree. They claimed to have
evidence that the overcharges were " more extensive and had a greater effect on
New York Telephone's rates than the commission believed when it adopted the
consent decree."

If the FCC allows the consent decree to stand, ratepayers may never get the full
refund to which they are entitled, the two agencies said. They added that the
FCC has an obligation to reopen the case because it never fully explained its
decision to sign the consent decree. Nynex had challenged the FCC's authority to
levy fines and order refunds, and the FCC apparently wanted to avoid a
protracted court battle.

At the time the FCC signed the consent decree, FCC Commissioner Andrew Barrett
expressed reservations. "I reluctantly agree with my colleagues to adopt this
order, [but] were I the lone commissioner, I would have adjudicated this matter
to resolve the guilt or innocence of Nynex," Barrett said in a written
statement.

The consent decree also raised questions about the FCC's ability to protect
consumers. Roy Morris, deputy general counsel for Allnet Communications
Services, Inc., said, "This is clearly an attempt to shovel the problem under
the rug."

Another telecommunications attorney, who requested anonymity, agreed that the
FCC's reputation is on the line and said this case could hurt the commission's
efforts to extend its jurisdiction.

"If the agency is serious about getting jurisdiction over the Modified Final
Judgment," he said, "it will have to be a lot more serious about regulation."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990, Network World, Inc.


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Federal civil trial set for Warfordsburg investment adviser accused of
mishandling funds

BYLINE: By MARCUS RAUHUT Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 367 words


The civil trial for a Fulton County investment adviser accused of mishandling
clients' funds has been placed on the January 2011 trial term, according to a
recent court filing.

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission allege Robert G. Bard of
Warfordsburg and his investment firm Vision Specialist Group LLC did not fully
disclose the types of investments made and lied to clients about account values.

In August, U.S. District Court Judge William W. Caldwell granted an injunction
freezing the assets after the SEC filed a civil suit in federal court in
Harrisburg against Bard and Vision Specialist Group.

The SEC said since 2005, Bard targeted investors in the small community with
promises of high yields and safety of principal but actually made risky
investments, lost money, and then overstated account values to his clients.

The SEC also alleged that for at least one client, Bard forged client
authorization forms to transfer funds between accounts to cover up the
dissipation of assets.

Vision Specialist Group has been registered with the Pennsylvania Department of
State since December 2004 and had about $4.4 million in assets under management
in about 150 accounts in August. The firm was also a registered investment
adviser in West Virginia and had clients as far away as Tennessee.

The SEC alleges Bard mishandled money in the Semper Fi Memorial Fund, which was
set up to send area high school students on field trips to Arlington (Va.)
National Cemetery. It was established by the parents of Marine Lance Cpl. Steven
Szwydek of Warfordsburg, who was killed while serving in Iraq in 2005.

The lawsuit said Bard lost the money through bad investments but told the
Szwydeks that the account was "doing well" and did not mention that the most of
the money was being invested in stocks, though they had requested the money be
invested in a money market or certificate of deposit.

The lawsuit did not name individual clients, but does indicate a local volunteer
fire company was also given misleading information about investments and charged
$6,718 in fees, though Bard told the fire company he did not charge fees.

----------

Marcus Rauhut can be reached at mrauhut@publicopinionnews.com or 262-4752.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 20, 1995, Friday, City Edition

Surgeon on probation has new supervisor

BYLINE: ANDREW GALARNEAU

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO



A Pasco County surgeon on probation for mishandling a back operation was able
to keep practicing medicine Thursday after officials temporarily approved
another doctor to supervise him.

Orthopedic surgeon Alfred Bonati was caught by surprise when the physician
supervising his work quit Jan. 6 and questioned one of Bonati's surgical
practices.

The approval Thursday allows Bonati, founder of the Gulf Coast Orthopedic
Center in Hudson, to continue practicing medicine there. Getting a probation
supervisor nearby is important for Bonati because he cannot legally practice
medicine without one until his two-year probation is over.

The Board of Medicine gave Bonati two years of supervised probation in  October
1994 as discipline for mishandling a woman's back operation. The  probation
requires an orthopedic surgeon with a practice within 20 miles of  Bonati's
Hudson office to review 15 percent of Bonati's cases and file a  monthly report.

Despite Thursday's temporary approval, members of the board's probation
committee said an investigator would examine two questions that could
disqualify the physician Bonati wants to be his new supervisor.

Dr. Julius Okuboye has a history of disciplinary action with the board. He  was
reprimanded in 1988 for faulty record-keeping. He also has an office more  than
20 miles from Bonati's. Both are reasons the committee has cited to  disqualify
potential supervisors.

Bonati's lawyer, Sal Carpino, told the committee that none of the surgeons
within 20 miles of Bonati's practice would supervise Bonati. That's partly
because there are so few surgeons near Bonati's Hudson office, Carpino said.

The committee directed an investigator to look into Okuboye's disciplinary
history and see how many miles it was from his office to Bonati's. It will  make
a final decision at the next probation committee meeting in February.

Dr. Harry Wassel, Bonati's last supervisor, was temporarily approved in  early
December. He quit in a letter dated Jan. 6. In his report on Bonati's  cases,
Wassel said the job took too much time. He also pointed out that Bonati
departed from the standard procedure of resolving disputes over test results
before surgery.

Wassel wrote that when Bonati's opinion of a magnetic resonance imaging  test
differed from a radiologist's in a case he reviewed, Bonati did not get a  third
opinion. Instead, he performed another test, and interpreted the results
himself. Bonati said such conflicts almost always ended in surgery.

"You cannot really be objective," said Dr. M. Kathryn Garrett, chairwoman  of
the probation committee. "I don't think you should be the one to interpret  that
test and decide if surgery needs to be done."

Bonati said from now on he will ask for a third opinion.

The probation committee also questioned Bonati about the surgeon who is
supervising Bonati's work in his Orlando office. That surgeon, Dr. Richard
Smith, is supposed to be an expert witness in Bonati's defense against charges
regulators filed last year.

Board members asked how a paid consultant can be objective about Bonati's  work.
Smith was ordered to appear at the next meeting of the full Board of  Medicine,
Feb. 10 in Tampa.

In March, Bonati will have an administrative hearing on the 1994 charges.  The
state accused Bonati of mistreating nine patients, exploiting seven for  money
by performing unnecessary surgery and performing experimental surgery on  seven.

Bonati has said the charges are baseless, resulting from the Times  pressuring
state regulators.

In 1992, Bonati filed a $ 300-million defamation lawsuit against the Times
after the newspaper printed a story that described Bonati's negotiations to  buy
a St. Petersburg hospital and complaints that he had operated on patients  who
did not need surgery.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TAMPA TODAY

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Alfred Bonati

                            Times Publishing Company


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                              May 13, 2016 Friday

US Navy cmdr. to be tried for spying for China, Taiwan

LENGTH: 384  words


Lieutenant Commander Edward Lin allegedly committed a string of offenses
including espionage, mishandling classified information and failing to follow
lawful orders.

An American Navy officer will be tried on espionage charges, including passing
US military secrets to China and Taiwan, an official says.

Lieutenant Commander Edward Lin will face a general court-martial and is to
appear at an arraignment in Norfolk, Virginia, on May 17, said Navy spokesman
Lt. Cmdr. Tim Hawkins on Friday.

"On May 10, the convening authority, Admiral Phil Davidson, commander U.S. Fleet
Forces Command, referred charges against Lt. Commander Edward C.L. Lin to a
general court martial," said Hawkins.

His charges include espionage, attempted espionage, making false official
statements, mishandling classified information, communicating defense
information, and failing to follow lawful orders.

A redacted Navy charge sheet accused the suspect twice of communicating secret
information and three times of attempting to do so to a representative of a
foreign government "with intent or reason to believe it would be used to the
advantage of a foreign nation."

Lin has also been charged with adultery and using a prostitute, but Hawkins
said, those charges "were dismissed without prejudice, meaning further punitive
or administrative action may be taken."

The Taiwan-born man committed most of the crimes while he was assigned to the
headquarters for the Navy's Patrol and Reconnaissance Group, which oversees
intelligence collection activities.

Lin, 39, served as a flight officer in one of the Navy's most secretive units,
Special Projects Patrol Squadron Two (VPU-2), which flies reconnaissance
aircraft capable of intercepting signals and electronic communications.

Lin's defense lawyer Larry Youngner has said his client was entrapped in a
"nefarious scheme" by government officials.

Hi arrest followed his dealings with an FBI informant, who posed as an operative
for a foreign country.

Lin became a US citizen in 1998 and joined the Navy the following year. He was
chosen for Officer Candidate School in 2002.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/77/146317776269.jpg

Lieutenant Commander Edward Lin allegedly committed a string of offenses
including espionage, mishandling classified information and failing to follow
lawful orders.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 6, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Judge Withdraws From Nuclear Secrets Trial

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 21; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, June 5


In the second unusual shift in a major national security case in recent weeks,
the federal judge who was to oversee the trial of a scientist accused of
mishandling nuclear weapons secrets has suddenly announced that he was excusing
himself from the case to assume senior status.

The judge, John Edwards Conway of Federal District Court in Albuquerque, was
scheduled to preside over the trial of Wen Ho Lee, a Los Alamos National
Laboratory physicist who is accused of having illegally downloaded a mountain of
highly sensitive nuclear secrets with the intention of passing them to a foreign
power.

Mr. Conway, 66, had earlier set Wednesday as the date for arguments on a defense
motion to suppress the warrant the government had obtained to search Mr. Lee's
home last year.

He had also scheduled for today a pivotal hearing on the defense motion that all
the classified information Mr. Lee is accused of downloading be admissible in
open court.

Mr. Lee has vigorously denied the charges and has maintained that nearly all the
data he downloaded was already publicly available.

Mr. Conway said in a statement that he had decided to take what is known as
senior status, a kind of semiretirement that allows him to reduce his case load
and that he had chosen to drop out of the Lee case. An experienced judge, Mr.
Conway was nominated to the bench in 1986.

"I've been there and done that," Mr. Conway said of his decision.

The trial was scheduled for Nov. 6, but that date has also been canceled and the
new date will be up to the new judge. The case has now been assigned to Judge
James A. Parker, also of Federal District Court in Albuquerque.

After presiding over a series of bail hearings in January when Mr. Lee was
denied bail because of the government's contentions that he posed a grave threat
to national security, Judge Parker is familiar with the case.

The change in judges follows by several weeks the government's unexpected
announcement that it was replacing the lead prosecutor in the case. Bob Gorence,
an assistant United States attorney in Albuquerque, had been in charge, but he
was replaced, without explanation, with George A. Stamboulidis, an experienced
organized-crime prosecutor from Long Island.

"We intend to move as quickly as possible for an expedited trial and hope to
exonerate Mr. Lee," said Mark Holscher, one of Mr. Lee's lawyers.

The United States attorney's office in Albuquerque said simply that the
announcement "speaks for itself."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 7, 2000, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about a federal judge's
withdrawal from the coming trial of Wen Ho Lee, the scientist accused of
mishandling nuclear weapons secrets, misstated the date of a hearing on defense
motions for admission of classified information. It is next Monday; the hearing
was not held yesterday.


                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

San Jose police officer fired for mishandling sex cases gets her badge back

BYLINE: By Sean Webby and Mark Gomez Staff writers

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 815 words


A San Jose police officer who was fired last year for mishandling dozens of sex
assault cases was reinstated Tuesday with full back pay after an arbitrator
ruled the department failed to meet a legal deadline for taking action on her
case.

Under state law, no punitive action can be taken against a law enforcement
officer in California if an investigation isn't completed within a year after an
official discovers the alleged misconduct.

Matty Hrncir, 34, is the third police officer fired in the past two years to be
reinstated to the force.

The Police Department received an anonymous letter in January 2009 alleging
Hrncir engaged in serious misconduct. Then-Assistant Chief Dan Katz ordered a
criminal investigation of Hrncir on Oct. 27, 2009. The district attorney
declined to file charges. She was fired Sept. 9, 2010, after an internal police
investigation by then-Chief Rob Davis.

But arbitrator William F. Reeves ruled the disciplinary action was "time-barred"
under state law, meaning her firing came after the one-year deadline to act.

When reached Wednesday afternoon, police Chief Chris Moore said he had not read
the arbitrator's report. Once he does, he said, he will consult with the City
Attorney's Office on the best way to proceed.

Asked what Hrncir's assignment would be, he said he could not immediately say.

"Matty has been vilified and her reputation trashed," said Terry Bowman,
Hrncir's attorney. "She is anxious to return to work and earn back the good
reputation she once enjoyed."

A year ago, Sgt. Will Manion and Officer Patrick D'Arrigo won back their badges.
They were dismissed in 2009 after being accused of trying to cover up a former
officer's drunken-driving crash. In that case, an arbitrator ruled that
termination was too severe a punishment for failing to properly investigate the
crash.

Last month D'Arrigo was charged with having unlawful sex with two teenage boys
and providing them with alcohol. D'Arrigo is on administrative leave and his
criminal case is still pending.

Hrncir was hired by the department in 2000 after spending two years with the
Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office. The 30-page report from Reeves indicates
she consistently received positive job evaluations from her supervisors.

In January 2008, Sgt. Jim Ureta became her supervisor in the sex crimes unit.
Ureta, according to the report, noted Hrncir had a high number of open cases,
47. He stopped giving her cases in an attempt to reduce the backlog.

During a review of her cases, Ureta noted she had not interviewed a couple of
victims, the report says.

Hrncir complained about Ureta to a superior, saying he was micromanaging her.

About a month later, she was transferred to a different assignment as a daytime
detective, considered a plum assignment. She left behind several folders of
personal items and documents that were later found on another officer's desk. A
sergeant who examined the folders found 100 documents related to 33 criminal
cases, some dating to 2007.

Ureta in June 2008 discovered numerous investigative errors and discrepancies in
Hrncir's files and Jan. 5, 2009, gave her a negative recommendation for a new
job in intelligence.

Fewer than two weeks later, a 3 ½-page anonymous letter was sent to police
headquarters, alleging "shocking ineptitude and apathy" in the sex crimes unit.
It alleged Hrncir and another officer repeatedly failed to follow up obvious
leads, "appear to have intentionally failed to disclose crucial" evidence to
prosecutors and defense attorneys, misquoted witnesses and victims, and
minimized crimes in reports.

As a result, charges could not be filed in some cases because the statute of
limitations had passed, the letter alleged.

It is unknown if disciplinary action was taken against the other officer.

Davis initiated an internal investigation that examined nearly 200 sex crime
cases Hrncir investigated between March 2006 and February 2008. Thirty-six were
reinvestigated, resulting in charges in seven cases, and an investigator
recommended two allegations be sent to superiors as possible violations of
departmental procedures and conduct unbecoming of an officer.

Among the incidents, Hrncir failed to report that the mother of a sexual assault
victim said she had confronted the suspect, who admitted to her he had done the
same thing to two other children. Hrncir did not mention the other reported
assaults in her written report and failed to report the mother's allegations to
Child Protective Services as required by law.

In arguments before Reeves, the city said Hrncir's poor conduct was so serious
and widespread that it warranted the most severe discipline.

Bowman replied Hrncir had an excellent record, lacked training and was given an
excessive workload, and that any misconduct was unintentional.

Contact Sean Webby at swebby@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5003. Contact Mark Gomez
at mgomez@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5869.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

San Jose police officer fired for mishandling sex cases gets her badge back

BYLINE: By Sean Webby and Mark Gomez Staff writers

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 815 words


A San Jose police officer who was fired last year for mishandling dozens of sex
assault cases was reinstated Tuesday with full back pay after an arbitrator
ruled the department failed to meet a legal deadline for taking action on her
case.

Under state law, no punitive action can be taken against a law enforcement
officer in California if an investigation isn't completed within a year after an
official discovers the alleged misconduct.

Matty Hrncir, 34, is the third police officer fired in the past two years to be
reinstated to the force.

The Police Department received an anonymous letter in January 2009 alleging
Hrncir engaged in serious misconduct. Then-Assistant Chief Dan Katz ordered a
criminal investigation of Hrncir on Oct. 27, 2009. The district attorney
declined to file charges. She was fired Sept. 9, 2010, after an internal police
investigation by then-Chief Rob Davis.

But arbitrator William F. Reeves ruled the disciplinary action was "time-barred"
under state law, meaning her firing came after the one-year deadline to act.

When reached Wednesday afternoon, police Chief Chris Moore said he had not read
the arbitrator's report. Once he does, he said, he will consult with the City
Attorney's Office on the best way to proceed.

Asked what Hrncir's assignment would be, he said he could not immediately say.

"Matty has been vilified and her reputation trashed," said Terry Bowman,
Hrncir's attorney. "She is anxious to return to work and earn back the good
reputation she once enjoyed."

A year ago, Sgt. Will Manion and Officer Patrick D'Arrigo won back their badges.
They were dismissed in 2009 after being accused of trying to cover up a former
officer's drunken-driving crash. In that case, an arbitrator ruled that
termination was too severe a punishment for failing to properly investigate the
crash.

Last month D'Arrigo was charged with having unlawful sex with two teenage boys
and providing them with alcohol. D'Arrigo is on administrative leave and his
criminal case is still pending.

Hrncir was hired by the department in 2000 after spending two years with the
Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office. The 30-page report from Reeves indicates
she consistently received positive job evaluations from her supervisors.

In January 2008, Sgt. Jim Ureta became her supervisor in the sex crimes unit.
Ureta, according to the report, noted Hrncir had a high number of open cases,
47. He stopped giving her cases in an attempt to reduce the backlog.

During a review of her cases, Ureta noted she had not interviewed a couple of
victims, the report says.

Hrncir complained about Ureta to a superior, saying he was micromanaging her.

About a month later, she was transferred to a different assignment as a daytime
detective, considered a plum assignment. She left behind several folders of
personal items and documents that were later found on another officer's desk. A
sergeant who examined the folders found 100 documents related to 33 criminal
cases, some dating to 2007.

Ureta in June 2008 discovered numerous investigative errors and discrepancies in
Hrncir's files and Jan. 5, 2009, gave her a negative recommendation for a new
job in intelligence.

Fewer than two weeks later, a 3 ½-page anonymous letter was sent to police
headquarters, alleging "shocking ineptitude and apathy" in the sex crimes unit.
It alleged Hrncir and another officer repeatedly failed to follow up obvious
leads, "appear to have intentionally failed to disclose crucial" evidence to
prosecutors and defense attorneys, misquoted witnesses and victims, and
minimized crimes in reports.

As a result, charges could not be filed in some cases because the statute of
limitations had passed, the letter alleged.

It is unknown if disciplinary action was taken against the other officer.

Davis initiated an internal investigation that examined nearly 200 sex crime
cases Hrncir investigated between March 2006 and February 2008. Thirty-six were
reinvestigated, resulting in charges in seven cases, and an investigator
recommended two allegations be sent to superiors as possible violations of
departmental procedures and conduct unbecoming of an officer.

Among the incidents, Hrncir failed to report that the mother of a sexual assault
victim said she had confronted the suspect, who admitted to her he had done the
same thing to two other children. Hrncir did not mention the other reported
assaults in her written report and failed to report the mother's allegations to
Child Protective Services as required by law.

In arguments before Reeves, the city said Hrncir's poor conduct was so serious
and widespread that it warranted the most severe discipline.

Bowman replied Hrncir had an excellent record, lacked training and was given an
excessive workload, and that any misconduct was unintentional.

Contact Sean Webby at swebby@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5003. Contact Mark Gomez
at mgomez@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5869.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Fired HPD officer in homicide scandal seeks job back

LENGTH: 558  words


An appeal by fired Houston homicide Sgt. Ryan Chandler began this morning, as
the ex-officer attempts to convince a city arbitrator to return him to the force
after he was accused of mishandling more than a dozen murder investigations.


Houston Police Department began looking into the homicide division in October
after Chandler transferred to another unit, and his supervisor could not locate
a number of case files assigned to him. The search revealed a number of
deficiencies in the division, including lax controls over case files, sloppy
evidence handling, ineffective supervision and a broken computer tracking system
that allowed cases to linger due to a lack of investigation.
Chandler, 38, told HPD investigators he was overworked and burdened with a heavy
caseload. A review of the homicide division showed that in all but one of almost
two dozen cases that were not properly investigated, the victim was either an
African-American or Hispanic living mostly in poor sections of the city.
Chief Charles McClelland fired Chandler and disciplined seven other homicide
officers on April 4, saying Chandler lied and misled supervisors, was lazy and
took credit for the work of other detectives. Chandler's disciplinary letter
said the detective failed to show up at a crime scene, failed to interview
witnesses, misrepresented his progress in several cases to supervisors, and
waited years to add his investigatory notes to case files.
Chandler caused a "rift in the relationship" between the city police and
residents they served, an officer said Tuesday morning during the arbitration
hearing. Lt. Bradley Morefield told an independent arbitrator if Chandler got
his job back after mishandling so many cases the rift would widen into a chasm.

Chandler's union defense attorney contends that while the fired detective made
mistakes, he said HPD was overlooking "systemic" problems in the homicide
division. "His supervisors were asleep at the switch," said attorney Bob
Armbruster.
Other homicide division officers are expected to testify how they were called in
to work on a number of cases assigned to Chandler. HPD has the burden of proof
in upholding Chandler's firing during what is scheduled to be a two-day hearing
before an independent hearing examiner.
The arbitrator, attorney Lynne Gomez of Bellaire, is not expected to immediately
issue an opinion on Chandler's firing.
Houston attorney Scott Siscoe, a former HPD lieutenant and prosecutor, said
officers who appeal to an independent arbitrator to review their discipline are
often able to get the punishment reduced, or even overturned.  "I think the
officer's feeling is if they weren't treated right, they've got a chance at that
arbitration hearing - that it's a fair process," said Siscoe, who is not
involved in the case.
Since McClelland took office in early 2010, the HPD officers he has disciplined
have been successful in getting their punishments lessened more than half of the
time.
Officers who appealed to the Civil Service Commission had their punishments
reduced or overturned 59 percent of the time from January 2010 to June 2014,
while 53 percent of HPD officers whose discipline was reviewed by an independent
arbitrator won a reduction or had their cases overturned, according to HPD
statistics released to the Houston Chronicle.
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Clinton shouldn't face charges over emails, FBI director says

BYLINE: By Chris Casteel Washington Bureau ccasteel@oklahoman.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1013 words


WASHINGTON -&nbsp;The head of the FBI said Tuesday he would not recommend
criminal charges against former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for her
"extremely careless" handling of classified information in emails routed through
her private servers.Making an unusually detailed statement about a
just-concluded investigation, FBI Director James Comey said Clinton sent or
received 110 emails with classified information outside of the government
computer system and that eight of those included top secret information.The
FBI's investigation found no direct evidence that Clinton's private domain was
hacked, but Comey said it was "possible that hostile actors gained access" to
her email account.Comey took no questions after reading a statement describing
the investigation of tens of thousands of emails and the decision not to
recommend that Justice Department prosecutors pursue criminal charges."Although
we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended
to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is
evidence that they were&nbsp;&nbsp;

extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified
information," Comey said.The Justice Department will make the final
determination on prosecution -&nbsp;for either felony or misdemeanor charges -
but Comey said criminal charges would not be appropriate."Although there is
evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of
classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would
bring such a case," he said.Comey's announcement came just hours before Clinton,
the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, made a joint campaign
appearance in North Carolina with President Barack Obama.Neither Clinton nor
Obama addressed Comey's remarks.Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said, "We are
pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined that no
further action by the department is appropriate. As the secretary has long said,
it was a mistake to use her personal email and she would not do it again. We are
glad that this matter is now resolved."&nbsp;Clinton contradictionsThe FBI
chief's recommendation may keep Clinton out of court this fall, but his sharp
and fact-based criticism of her server habits is sure to be part of the
political debate. He flatly contradicted the defense Clinton has used for
several months -&nbsp;that she "never received nor sent any material that was
marked classified."Comey said "seven email chains concern matters that were
classified at the Top Secret/Special Access Program level when they were sent
and received."These chains involved Secretary Clinton both sending emails about
those matters and receiving emails from others about the same matters."There is
evidence to support a conclusion that any reasonable person in Secretary
Clinton's position, or in the position of those government employees with whom
she was corresponding about these matters, should have known that an
unclassified system was no place for that conversation."Comey said that Clinton
and her aides shouldn't have been discussing classified subject matter on an
unclassified system, whether or not the emails were specifically marked as
classified.Republicans weigh inDonald Trump, the presumptive Republican
presidential nominee, sent a tweet saying, "The system is rigged. General
Petraeus got in trouble for far less. Very very unfair! As usual, bad
judgment."And U.S. House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said, "Declining to
prosecute Secretary Clinton for recklessly mishandling and transmitting national
security information will set a terrible precedent. The findings of this
investigation also make clear that Secretary Clinton misled the American people
when she was confronted with her criminal actions."Trump's reference was to
former CIA Director David Petraeus, who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge
last year for mishandling classified information. In that case, Petraeus
knowingly gave classified information to his mistress, who was writing a book
about him.James Melendres, who led the Petraeus investigation for the Justice
Department, said on MSNBC on Tuesday that Clinton's case differed because it
appeared there was no evidence of "willfulness" on her part. Based on Comey's
statement, he said, not recommending prosecution "was the right conclusion."In
his statement, Comey said the Clinton case wasn't similar to previous cases of
mishandling or removing classified information.He said, "All the cases
prosecuted involved some combination of: clearly intentional and willful
mishandling of classified information; or vast quantities of materials exposed
in such a way as to support an inference of intentional misconduct; or
indications of disloyalty to the United States; or efforts to obstruct
justice."We do not see those things here."&nbsp;'No outside influence'Comey
contradicted another of Clinton's defenses - that she had provided all of her
emails that "could possibly be work related" for the investigation.Comey said
Clinton provided about 30,000 emails. However, he said, the FBI discovered
several thousand more work-related emails during the course of the
investigation, in a variety of ways. He said there was no evidence she had
deleted any of them to try to conceal their content.Comey acknowledged the
unusual nature of his remarks about an FBI investigation and said no one in the
government knew beforehand what he was going to announce. He said the American
people deserve the details "in a case of intense public interest."He said, "I
know there will be intense public debate in the wake of this recommendation, as
there was throughout this investigation. What I can assure the American people
is that this investigation was done competently, honestly and independently. No
outside influence of any kind was brought to bear."Comey is a Republican who was
nominated as a U.S. attorney in New York and as a top Justice Department
official by former President George W. Bush. Obama nominated him as director of
the FBI in 2013.&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Airbase staff lost dead servicemen's remains

BYLINE: Ben Farmer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 325 words


STAFF at a United States Air Force base have been found guilty of "gross
mismanagement" after losing body parts of two servicemen killed in Afghanistan
and mishandling the remains of another.

An investigation into the mortuary at Dover Air Force base in Delaware, which
receives and identifies America's overseas war dead, found parts from two bodies
were lost.

Another body had part of a protruding bone cut off, without the family's
permission, to ensure that it could fit in a dress uniform for the funeral.

The mortuary's commander and two civilian officials were disciplined but not
sacked, said Gen Norton Schwartz, the air force chief of staff.

The general said he took overall responsibility for the mistakes.

"There is nothing more sacred ... than treating our fallen with reverence,
dignity and respect," he said. "This is tough stuff."

A separate report from the Office of Special Counsel (OSC), an independent
government investigative agency, criticised the air force for its "failure to
acknowledge culpability".

The OSC said the air force had waited too long to notify the families concerned
and had tried to retaliate against three mortuary staff who first raised
concerns of lax procedures.

The air force investigation found parts of an ankle from an airman killed in an
F15 fighter crash were missing in April 2009 from a labelled plastic bag that
had a slit in the side.

In the other incident, in July 2009, tissue from a soldier killed in Afghanistan
was also found missing from its bag. Neither remains were found.

Since 2003, the mortuary has received the remains of more than 6,300 dead
troops, mostly from Iraq and Afghanistan.

Officials said that they did not suspect foul play, criminal acts or deliberate
mishandling of the missing body pieces.

Leon Panetta, the US Defence Secretary, said he supported the air force's
findings. However, he said he had asked for a separate review to be led by the
former surgeon general, Dr Richard Carmona.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 28, 2007 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Senators Cite F.B.I. Failures As Chief Promises Change

BYLINE: By SCOTT SHANE

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 668 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 27


Director Robert S. Mueller III of the F.B.I. told a Senate committee Tuesday
that he was moving swiftly to fix the problems exposed in the latest report on
the bureau's failures, most prominently the mishandling of demands for records
under the USA Patriot Act.

''We are committed to demonstrating to this committee, to the Congress and to
the American people that we will correct the deficiencies,'' Mr. Mueller told
the Senate Judiciary Committee, affirming earlier statements.

But several senators expressed skepticism. The committee's chairman, Senator
Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, reviewed the litany of problems at the
Federal Bureau of Investigation and wondered aloud whether they could be
repaired. Mr. Leahy mentioned difficulties in building the F.B.I.'s
case-tracking computer system and the agency's failure to keep track of laptops
and weapons.

''It seems to me the F.B.I. is again at a crossroads,'' he said. He noted that
some members of Congress and security experts continued to raise the question of
whether the bureau's domestic intelligence functions should be taken away and
given to a new agency modeled on Britain's MI5.

The Justice Department's inspector general, Glenn A. Fine, reported this month
on the bureau's mishandling of national security letters, which investigators
use to obtain telephone, e-mail, financial and travel records from private
companies without going to a court for approval. Mr. Fine also found that the
bureau had issued more than 700 so-called exigent letters, seeking information
by claiming an emergency when often none existed.

Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania, the top Republican on the committee, told
Mr. Mueller, ''There's another headline virtually on a daily basis.'' Mr.
Specter referred to a pattern of inaccurate information provided by F.B.I.
agents in applications to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, which The
Washington Post reported on Tuesday, as well as to the national security
letters.

Mr. Specter said that though the inspector general did not find evidence of
intentional misconduct in the handling of the letters, ''Where you have that
pattern of reckless indifference at a minimum, that rises to the level of what
constitutes intentional misconduct.''

Mr. Mueller offered a long list of steps being taken to assess the extent of the
problems with national security letters and to ensure that they would be issued
from now on only in strict compliance with the rules. He said the letters were a
critical tool in fighting terrorism, because they permitted investigators to
check out contacts of suspected militants swiftly, an assertion several senators
endorsed.

But he also said the bureau needed money to create internal monitoring so that
it no longer relied on outside investigators to uncover problems.

''We need to put into place the auditing capabilities that would show and point
out the deficiencies such as we found in this inspector general's report,'' Mr.
Mueller said.

Several senators asked Mr. Mueller about reasons for the Justice Department's
dismissal of eight United States attorneys, which has prompted calls for the
resignation of Attorney General Alberto R. Gonzales. Mr. Mueller, a former
federal prosecutor himself, tried to avoid offering any view of the firings,
saying, ''I certainly was not consulted.''

Mr. Leahy also mentioned a new warning this week from the Justice Department
inspector general that a program of the Departments of Justice, Homeland
Security and Treasury to develop a single wireless communications system was
''at high risk of failure'' after six years and $195 million in spending. The
program, the Integrated Wireless Network, was planned to cost $5 billion through
2021 and to link 81,000 federal agents.

But the report said that Justice Department money had been spent primarily on
maintaining ''antiquated'' systems, and that the plan to pursue an integrated
system had ''fractured'' as departments pursued their own communications plans.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Director Robert S. Mueller III of the F.B.I. told the Senate
Judiciary Committee yesterday that the agency would correct its deficiencies.
(Photo by Doug Mills/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      December 1, 2016 Thursday 00:00 EST

Secretary of State David Petraeus? Supporters Make Their Case

BYLINE: MARK LANDLER and JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 892 words



HIGHLIGHT: Backers of the former C.I.A. director are urging President-elect
Donald J. Trump to overlook his past legal problems and put him in charge at the
State Department.


WASHINGTON - As President-elect Donald J. Trump continues his search for a
secretary of state - a conspicuously public effort, in which the fortunes of the
candidates rise and fall like characters in a political potboiler - allies of
one of those candidates, David H. Petraeus, are mounting a vigorous lobbying
campaign on his behalf.

Two influential Republican national security figures - Senators John McCain of
Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina - spoke out publicly in favor of
Mr. Petraeus this week, declaring that he was well qualified and saying his
confirmation would not be hindered by his having pleaded guilty to mishandling
classified material and being forced to resign as director of the C.I.A.

"He's one of the most talented and capable leaders I have ever known," Mr.
McCain, who is chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in one of
the most animated exchanges he has had with reporters since he was re-elected
last month.

As for the scandal involving the leaking of classified material - in which Mr.
Petraeus resigned after the disclosure that he had given a confidential diary to
his biographer and mistress, Paula Broadwell - Mr. McCain said, "I think people
make mistakes in life and you move on."

Among the major questions is whether Mr. Petraeus would be able to regain his
security clearance; experts say Mr. Trump would be able to override any
objections to that through his executive privilege.

Mr. Petraeus has long captured Mr. Trump's imagination, but he comes with the
baggage from not only his own scandal but also from having been C.I.A. director
during the attack on the diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya.

Mr. Graham, who also serves on the Armed Services Committee, said Mr. Petraeus
would be "an extraordinary pick." He described him as "one of the most uniquely
qualified" of the people on Mr. Trump's list, noting that he was the best known
of all of them overseas, after his C.I.A. stint and his military career; in
which he was the top commander in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Some Democrats signaled they would keep an open mind. Senator Dianne Feinstein
of California, who will be the ranking minority member of the Judiciary
Committee, said she had "great respect for his mind." She described his
mishandling of classified material as "the one question that comes up," but did
not suggest it would prevent his confirmation.

But Democrats would be likely to use a Petraeus nomination as a way to portray
Mr. Trump as a hypocrite. He hammered Hillary Clinton throughout the campaign
for her use of a personal email address and computer server, saying that she
should be jailed, even after the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said her
misconduct had been less serious than that of Mr. Petraeus.

Democrats are also likely to object to the prevalence of retired generals in
jobs that normally go to civilians, particularly after Mr. Trump named Gen.
James N. Mattis as defense secretary.

Mr. Trump met with Mr. Petraeus on Monday, declaring on Twitter afterward that
he had been "very impressed!" A person close to the transition said Mr. Petraeus
was also being considered for the post of director of national intelligence - a
logical choice, given his tenure at the C.I.A., but one that lacks the glamour
and profile of secretary of state.

During their meeting, a person briefed on the conversation said, Mr. Petraeus
spoke with Mr. Trump about his guilty plea, to a misdemeanor, for mishandling
classified material and how it might affect his odds of getting confirmed.

The contest for secretary of state has become the most protracted and closely
watched of Mr. Trump's transition. People briefed on the transition say the
president-elect is now considering three candidates in addition to Mr. Petraeus:
Mitt Romney, the former Republican presidential nominee; Rudolph W. Giuliani,
the former mayor of New York City; and Senator Bob Corker, the Tennessee
Republican who is chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee.

Gen. John F. Kelly, a retired Marine general, has also been in the mix and met
again with Mr. Trump on Wednesday, though in recent days, his name has been
mentioned more for secretary of homeland security.

On Tuesday evening, Mr. Trump had a very public dinner with Mr. Romney at
Jean-Georges in Manhattan, the second time they met since the election. But the
deal was far from sealed. Aides to Mr. Trump said on Wednesday that their boss
would take his time making the choice.

Some of Mr. Trump's closest aides - including Kellyanne Conway, who managed his
campaign - have argued vehemently against naming Mr. Romney, saying his repeated
denunciations of Mr. Trump during the campaign ought to rule him out.

Mr. Giuliani, a fierce loyalist of Mr. Trump's, emerged as the early favorite
for secretary of state. He has made no secret of his desire for the job. But his
extensive record of business dealings with foreign governments could cause him
trouble in a confirmation hearing. In recent days, people involved in the
process said, his prospects have dimmed.

Maggie Haberman contributed reporting from New York.

David H. Petraeus at Trump Tower this week. Senators John McCain and Lindsey
Graham favor his potential nomination. SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES

Related Articles


     ·    Petraeus Reaches Plea Deal Over Giving Classified Data to His Lover
     ·    Petraeus Confident as He Leaves Afghanistan


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Andover Man Pleads Guilty To Mishandling Chemicals

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Arkansas has issued
the following press release:

The owner of a plastics recycling company in El Dorado pleaded guilty Monday to
mishandling waste chemicals and agreed to pay more than $118,000 in restitution
to the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom.

Brian J. Riley, 41, Andover, Kan., owner of Integrated Plastic Solutions, LLC.,
pleaded guilty to one count of negligent exposure to a hazardous air pollutant.
In his plea, he admitted the company stored hazardous wastes at its facility in
the form of paints, solvents and other chemicals. The paints and solvents
contained ethyl benzene, which is classified as a hazardous air pollutant. After
becoming aware that the Kansas Department of Health and Environment was
investigating the company's waste handling practices, Riley allowed some paints
and solvents to be dumped on the IPS grounds, releasing ethyl benzene and
exposing employees to the risk of flash fire and explosion.

Sentencing is set for March 30. He faces a maximum penalty of a year in federal
prison and a fine up to $100,000. Grissom commended the Environmental Protection
Agency and Assistant U.S. Attorney Alan Metzger for their work on the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Andover Man Pleads Guilty To Mishandling Chemicals

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Arkansas has issued
the following press release:

The owner of a plastics recycling company in El Dorado pleaded guilty Monday to
mishandling waste chemicals and agreed to pay more than $118,000 in restitution
to the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom.

Brian J. Riley, 41, Andover, Kan., owner of Integrated Plastic Solutions, LLC.,
pleaded guilty to one count of negligent exposure to a hazardous air pollutant.
In his plea, he admitted the company stored hazardous wastes at its facility in
the form of paints, solvents and other chemicals. The paints and solvents
contained ethyl benzene, which is classified as a hazardous air pollutant. After
becoming aware that the Kansas Department of Health and Environment was
investigating the company's waste handling practices, Riley allowed some paints
and solvents to be dumped on the IPS grounds, releasing ethyl benzene and
exposing employees to the risk of flash fire and explosion.

Sentencing is set for March 30. He faces a maximum penalty of a year in federal
prison and a fine up to $100,000. Grissom commended the Environmental Protection
Agency and Assistant U.S. Attorney Alan Metzger for their work on the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 19, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

PUBLIC LIVES;
Headstrong Rebel Who Became Her Father's Defender

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 931 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE


BY her own admission, Alberta Lee was a contentious handful as a teenager and a
willful, self-absorbed young woman whose lack of direction concerned her
conservative immigrant parents.

"I was the spoiled brat of the family," Ms. Lee, 26, stated bluntly. "I had a
hard time getting on my feet."

She finds it easy sharing such reflections because in the past 18 months she has
left that needy girl light-years behind. She speaks proudly of the sense of
purpose that has transformed her into a confident woman, then notes bitterly
that the man whose own life-changing experiences forced her to grow has not been
able to share the experience. That is because the man, her father, is being held
in a federal prison.

Ms. Lee is the daughter of Wen Ho Lee, the scientist formerly with Los Alamos
National Laboratory who is charged with mishandling some of the country's most
sensitive nuclear weapons secrets. A small, reed-thin man tucked into a plain
gray suit, Mr. Lee has sat in a federal courtroom here much of this past week
seeking, for the third time since his arrest in December, to be released on
bail. He is represented by a team of lawyers and one lioness who now gives
speeches, raises funds for her father's defense, exhorts his lawyers, meets with
civil rights groups and cajoles or browbeats reporters.

Ms. Lee, who says she still cannot hold back the tears when she visits her
father, says she is determined to do more than just see him exonerated. Because
she and his supporters believe he has been singled out by the government because
he is Chinese-American, she wants to use his case to fight against
discrimination.

Her determination has astounded those who know her.

"There's a positive side to all this, how my sister sort of matured," said her
brother, Chung Lee, 27, a soft-spoken medical student. "I never would have
imagined she could have done this. It's amazing, really."

Victor Hwang, the managing attorney of the Asian Law Caucus in San Francisco, a
civil rights group that filed a brief supporting Dr. Lee's assertion that he is
a victim of racial discrimination, said Ms. Lee has "been one of the most
interesting people to work with. She's the first person I've seen who has had
this kind of growth. She's still in shock and denial, like, 'How can this
happen?' But then she goes back and works very hard."

Ms. Lee described herself as a somewhat rebellious, emotional young woman while
growing up in Los Alamos, sometimes more than her conservative father could
handle. She recalled how once, when a friend showed up with torn jeans, her
father was aghast and offered to patch them up right then and there. "That's how
conservative he is," Ms. Lee said. "It also shows how, you know, clueless he
is."

But while her father was in many ways a man of tradition who spoke Mandarin at
home, Ms. Lee never had strong feelings about her Chinese heritage. She attended
the University of California at Los Angeles, where she took a few courses on
Asian-American history, but said they made little impression. "I just felt that
the problems with discrimination didn't apply to me," she said.

It was only when her father became entangled in the criminal investigation that
she began to see her ethnicity in a different way.

She was working as a technical writer with a computer company in North Carolina,
in late 1998, living with her boyfriend, now her fiance, when she started
getting worried phone calls from her father and brother. Her father was being
investigated, she was told. Suddenly she felt herself once again in the
uncomfortably familiar role of family drama queen. She urged her father to get a
lawyer, but was ignored.

"My dad and I told her, 'Just chill out,' " said her brother, Chung. "I'd just
be telling her she was overreacting."

Ms. Lee found the experience doubly painful. "Maybe that's the theme of this
whole story, that I had to fight my whole life for someone to listen to me in my
family, even on this," she said. "I don't mean to sound superbitter, but I feel
that way."

ONCE her father's name surfaced, after officials said they suspected that he had
given nuclear secrets to China, she found that not only were people listening,
but that they eagerly sought her out. She gave her first speech on her father's
birthday, last December, just a few weeks after he was arrested. Her real coming
of age, she said, occurred a few months later, when she was asked to address a
group of Asian-Americans at Harvard.

"That was really when I realized you could make an impression on a crowd," she
recalled. "I really felt like, 'Now, I have a voice, I have a purpose.' I
realized I wasn't just speaking for my father. I was speaking for
Asian-Americans, too."

So now she is booked for speaking engagements through October, while still
holding a job as a technical writer in San Francisco, and helping support some
family members.

"Honestly, I don't think she was viewed within the family as someone they would
really listen to before this," said Brian Sun, the family's lawyer. "But Wen Ho
tells me now how proud he is. He just asks me to make sure she doesn't overdo
her involvement. He wants her to have her own life."

As ever, Ms. Lee has her own ideas and is talking about becoming a civil rights
lawyer.

"She really believes her father's fate rests with her," Mr. Hwang said. "She
feels tremendous pressure. The main flaw I find in her is she hasn't developed
much selectivity in who she will deal with. She won't let any opportunity go by
without making the effort. I'm afraid she's going to burn herself out."


http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Alberta Lee

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Alberta Lee, daughter of the scientist charged with mishandling
nuclear secrets. (Steve Northup for The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 8, 2013 Friday

Lawyers: West Valley City followed the law releasing cop records

BYLINE: By Janelle Stecklein â | â the Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 674 words


Despite allegations to the contrary, West Valley City did not violate officers'
rights in releasing internal affairs statements linked to the investigation into
its beleaguered Neighborhood Narcotics Unit, one law professor says.

In fact, by doing so, the city likely fulfilled its obligation under the law
rather than violating the Garrity v. New Jersey ruling by the U.S. Supreme
Court, said R. Michael Cassidy, a professor of law at Boston College.

"The city did what it had to do," he said. "And they were right to turn it over
to prosecutors. As a government lawyer, you can't withhold exculpatory
information."

Because prosecutors can't withhold information that could possibly exonerate
another person, Cassidy said the city was obligated to turn those reports over
so that prosecutors could review them for Brady-Giglio issues -- or issues that
could impact an officer's credibility.

Lindsay Jarvis, who is representing former West Valley City Detective Shaun
Cowley in his termination appeal, has alleged that the city exhibited a "failure
to understand Garrity, issues related to conflict and the dissemination of
privileged information."

Jarvis declined to comment when reached by The Tribune.

Cowley, a former West Valley City Neighborhood Narcotics Unit detective, is
appealing his September termination from the department on allegations of
mishandling evidence and misappropriation of money. In an unrelated matter, he's
also alleged to have fired the fatal shot that killed 21-year-old Danielle
Willard during a drug investigation more than a year ago in what Salt Lake
County District Attorney Sim Gill determined was an "unjustified" shooting.

The Garrity ruling simply means that statements made by officers under Garrity
protection can't be used against them in criminal cases, Cassidy said.

"It's not a prohibition of sharing. It's a prohibition of charging," he said.
"They can't be used against you in any criminal prosecution that comes against
you."

Garrity statements can be turned over to law enforcement personnel and district
attorneys when necessary as long as they're not used in a criminal case, he
said.

Jarvis alleges in her appeal that within days of receiving those statements,
Gill's office contacted the Salt Lake City Police Department to ask for an
independent investigation.

Gill denies that allegation -- pointing out that West Valley City leaders have
said that they initially called for the probe by Salt Lake City.

"We became aware of potential criminal issues," Gill said. "It was obvious they
couldn't investigate them, so we started to work with the Salt Lake City Police
Department."

But if one officer made incriminating statements against another, those
statements could be used -- if prosecutors were able to get the second officer
to testify against the first, Cassidy said.

The FBI has not confirmed it is investigating the Neighborhood Narcotics Unit,
which has battled allegations of corruption and mishandling evidence.

But West Valley City confirmed it did release the Garrity statements, and Gill
confirmed his office received them.

West Valley City Attorney Eric Bunderson said the release of such records is
routine in cases "where you have big issues, systemic allegations."

"We certainly would acknowledge we released those," Bunderson said. "[Gill]
requested them so he could evaluate the Brady-Giglio material."

He would not comment on whether the city potentially violated officers' rights
in the release of the records because of the litigation pending filed regarding
Cowley's termination.

"We have fulfilled our obligation under Brady and Giglio to [provide] potential
impeachment material," he said.

And while Gill confirmed his office reviewed the statements, he said the Garrity
statements obviously will not be used in any criminal cases that could
potentially be filed.

"When and if we file those charges, we will make very sure those are
independently supported allegations," Gill said. "[Any criminal charges] will
stand on their own. They have to."

jstecklein@sltrib.com

Twitter @sltribjanelle

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            October 9, 2007 Tuesday

New county group to address Sequoia, Diebold issues

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, Staff Writer

SECTION: SPECIAL PROJECTS

LENGTH: 625 words


With voting systems and election integrity hot-button issues statewide, Alameda
County will form a committee to help navigate through some of the democratic
process's rough waters.

The county's Board of Supervisors unanimously approved the formation of the
county's Election Advisory Committee Tuesday. The committee will comprise nine
members, with each supervisor appointing one member, and four groups -- the
League of Women Voters, Alameda County Civil Grand Jury, Alameda County
Taxpayers Association and the City Clerks Association of California -- each
appointing one at-large member.

According to county Registrar Dave Macdonald, the purpose of the committee is to
ensure communication among his office, the board and voters. The committee will
discuss issues such as instant runoff voting and poll-worker recruitment, and
serve as a conduit to communicate election-related concerns in the community.
The group also will be in charge of setting up public sessions with the
registrar to discuss the latest developments with election law, equipment and
procedures used in the county.

"For years we've had an informal committee that has met and talked about these
issues," Macdonald said. "This just makes that process more formal."

Macdonald said the informal committee has offered advice in county election
issues, including his office's decision last year to purchase the new Sequoia
voting system.

That decision, along with other election issues, has created a swirl of
controversy around the registrar's office. The county's supervisors agreed to
purchase the new Sequoia system after having problems with its Diebold machines
purchased in 2001. Those problems included once assigning votes to the wrong
candidate. Diebold eventually agreed in 2004 to pay the state and Alameda County
$2.6 million to settle a lawsuit claiming Diebold made false claims when it sold
its equipment to the county.

Then, last October, three Alameda County voters filed a lawsuit against the
county and the registrar's office, seeking to block the county's use of its new
Sequoia voting system, claiming the county had not performed independent, expert
security vulnerability testing on the equipment.

Finally, last month, an Alameda County Superior Court judge nullified the
results of a hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by
Alameda County election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a
citizen-sponsored medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a
re-vote in 2008.

In her decision, Judge Winifred Smith said Alameda County officials have engaged
in "a pattern of withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence"
necessary to conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the
judge found "to be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the
Diebold voting machines.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

Statewide, the issue of election integrity took the forefront again in August
when Secretary of State Debra Bowen attached new security conditions to voting
systems used in California. Bowen's decision -- including insistence on a 100
percent manual recount -- came after her office studied three types of voting
systems and concluded both Diebold and Sequoia machines were susceptible to
hacking.

Although many county registrar offices questioned the necessity for tests --
thought by some to be unrealistic because of the access given to people trying
to break into the system -- Bowen had promised a "top to bottom review" of
California voting systems.

Contact Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 6, 1994 Thursday

LENGTH: 1279 words


Large primary field aided incumbent chairman Byline: MAX O. DICKENS SR., White
Shield The results of the primary election for tribal chairman on the Fort
Berthold Indian Reservation is puzzling, but after one thinks about it, its not
surprising at all. With 12 candidates running for chairman in the primary
election, the voter pool was obviously strained and fragmented; giving
explanation as to why the incumbent candidate was able to make it into the
run-off election, which will be held in November. These results, initially seem
to indicate a thriving support base for Chairman Wilbur Wilkinson. To the
contrary, considering the number of votes that each candidate generated, the
incumbent definitely has his work cut out for him in this election. In
retrospect, over the past four years there have been many expressed
dissatisfactions with the Wilkinson administration, such as, the $20,000
bonuses, $12,000 depreciation formula payment, recall efforts that were never
rightfully responded to as outlined in the tribal constitution, monies being
unaccounted for (in excess of $6 million), proposed creation of a minifund
without the people's input or involvement, lawsuit filed by Ms.

Pliga Bordeaux (ordering the chairman and several councilmen to repay the bonus
they wrongfully accepted), etc., etc. Resultingly, the outcome of the primary
election seems to further support this reservationwide dissatisfaction
phenomena. Consequently, people of Fort Berthold, we as concerned citizens and
enrolled members of the Three Affiliated Tribes must continue to express this
dissatisfaction and follow through with our civic duty on election day and vote
for change; we must create confidence and optimism in our tribal government
rather than continued blanket dissatisfaction. Lastly, remember your vote is
change, if you decide not to vote you are telling this administration it is all
right to take money at will and allowing them to do whatever they want,
regardless how (we) the people think and/or feel about it. So people, get out
and support the candidate you feel will work for the people's best interest and
work toward creating opportunities for positive change here on the Fort Berthold
Indian Reservation.

Fund mishandling Byline: JAN SHELVER, Devils Lake Earl Pomeroy has been running
campaign ads asking us to re-elect him so he can clean up the mess in
Washington. But, every time I see those TV ads I want to tell Congressman
Pomeroy to come back home and explain why he didn't clean up the life/health
insurance guaranty fund mess while he was North Dakota's insurance commissioner;
which negatively affects every man, woman and child in North Dakota. I believe
that when North Dakotans find out that due to his mishandling of the guaranty
fund, Earl Pomeroy and his brother, Glenn, have cost them an average of a
million dollars a year during the 10 years they have been commissioner, both
Pomeroys will be lucky if we don't tar and feather them. I have documentation
showing that the Pomeroy's incompetence caused $10.6 million to be siphoned out
of the state's general fund since 1983 going directly into the pockets of
buy-out insurance companies and bypassing disadvantaged North Dakota
policyholders. But, his ads don't mention a word about that. Nor do his ads
point out that the people who have been harmed most by Pomeroy's mishandling of
the fund are the senior citizens that both brothers brag about helping. Because
this story is so complicated, please do an in-depth story about how the
life/health guaranty fund operates and investigate my claim that it has been
draining our state's general fund. Perhaps then, people will understand why our
governors haven't been able to balance the state's budget lately. (The writer
was a candidate for insurance commissioner in the last state general election --
Editor)

Unfounded attacks Byline: CORI WINKLER, Bismarck In his campaign for labor
commissioner, Gary Holm has taken North Dakota politics to a new low. Now he's
brought medical records and the private lives of state employees into his
gutter-style campaign. In a press conference Friday, Holm made unfounded attacks
on Craig Hagen's hiring practices. These were allegations that Holm admitted he
could not substantiate. He then focused his attention on the personal life of a
Labor Department employee who has nothing to do with the election. Apparently,
getting his name in the paper is enough motive for Holm to hold a press
conference and do or say anything. How far is he willing to go to achieve public
office? What kind of public official would he be if he was elected? We still
haven't heard where Holm stands on issues relevant to the Labor Department
except that he wants a $7-per-hour minimum wage and that he's endorsed by
organized labor. I'm sorry Mr. Holm, but I'm not willing to accept everything
you do or say simply because you are a candidate for public office. Your antics
have gone far beyond bad taste and I predict you'll be rewarded at the polls
with a thorough trouncing.

Dangerous luxury Byline: L.R. GAJEWSKI, Alexander The airwaves are saturated
with out-of-state PAC money extolling the virtues of Sen. Kent Conrad and Rep.
Earl Pomeroy in voting for what is ""good'' for North Dakota. Remember! He who
pays the fiddler calls the tune! Out-of-state interests are paying the fiddler
millions trying to convince us to return these two incumbents that consistently
voted against our interests when it really cost us both cash and freedom. Now,
let's take a look at what each of them did to us when Clinton needed a couple of
lap dogs. Clinton could not have passed the largest tax increase in history
without the vote of either Pomeroy or Conrad. Some $200 billion, with an
attendant spending increase of $2 for each $1 of new taxes, thus increasing the
national debt by a like amount. It is the aim of Clinton and his pack of liberal
(with our cash) Democrats to totally disarm all law-abiding citizens, starting
with the so-called ""Brady Bill'' as the first step. Pomeroy actually voted
against it and bragged about it later. However, when Clinton needed two votes to
take away our auto loading rifles and shotguns, Pomeroy and Conrad again bailed
Clinton out, as they did with his big tax bill. Pomeroy in the house and Conrad
in the senate. Thanks to Conrad and Pomeroy alone, the national debt will
increase by a thousand billion dollars and we have lost our right to autoloading
weapons, including .22 caliber. The bottom line is, that these two incumbent
Democrats have become a dangerous luxury that no thinking North Dakota Democrat
can afford, let alone an independent or Republican voter.

Profits beat prophets Byline: THE REV. CAROLE SHELBY, Steele As Congress debated
health care reform religious communities called for 100 percent coverage.
President Clinton has been attacked for many petty reasons, but we have to agree
that his vision on health care reform meets a Judaic-Christian ethic. We are
responsible for the 39 million uninsured people of our land. After months of
debate, private insurance people are unwilling to accept any form of
comprehensive health reform. When all the hard work of basic reform was
destroyed, the private insurers then moved to oppose any significant reform. And
so the profits have won at the expense of the prophets. When one thinks of it,
universal coverage is a mandate which is quite conservative. It's a law of
caring that comes right from the commandments or the sum of the whole law,
""Love your neighbor as yourself.'' That is rather conservative, is it not? It
appears that an ultraliberal approach would be to forget this law and do your
own individual thing!

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Yahoo punishes CEO in latest security fallout

BYLINE: Michael Liedtke; Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 670 words

ABSTRACT

Yahoo is punishing CEO Marissa Mayer and parting ways with its top lawyer for
the mishandling of two security breaches that exposed the personal information
of more than 1 billion users and already have cost the company $350 million

FULL TEXT

SAN FRANCISCO >> Yahoo is punishing CEO Marissa Mayer and parting ways with its
top lawyer for the mishandling of two security breaches that exposed the
personal information of more than 1 billion users and already have cost the
company $350 million.

Mayer won't be paid her annual bonus nor receive a potentially lucrative stock
award because a Yahoo investigation concluded her management team reacted too
slowly to one breach discovered in 2014.

Yahoo's general counsel, Ronald Bell, resigned without severance pay for his
department's lackadaisical response to the security lapses.

Alex Stamos, Yahoo's top security officer at the time of the 2014 breach, left
the company in 2015.

Although Yahoo's security team uncovered evidence that a hacker backed by an
unnamed foreign government had pried into user accounts in 2014, executives
"failed to act sufficiently" on that knowledge, according to the results of an
internal investigation disclosed Wednesday. At that time, Yahoo only notified 26
people that their accounts had been breached.

The report didn't identify the negligent executives, but it chastised the
company's legal department for not looking more deeply into the 2014 breach.
Because of that, the incident "was not properly investigated and analyzed at the
time," the report concluded.

Bell declined to comment through his spokeswoman, Marcy Simon.

Yahoo didn't disclose the 2014 breach until last September when it began
notifying at least 500 million users that their email addresses, birth dates,
answers to security questions, and other personal information may have been
stolen. Three months later, Yahoo revealed it had uncovered a separate hack in
2013 affecting about 1 billion accounts, including some that were also hit in
2014.

The breaches, the two biggest in internet history, have already exacted a major
toll.

Yahoo already lowered the sales price of its email and other digital services to
Verizon Communications from $4.83 billion to $4.48 billion to account for the
potential backlash from the breaches. That deal was reached last July, two
months before Verizon and the rest of the world learned about Yahoo's lax
security.

More than 40 lawsuits also have been filed seeking damages for the breaches. If
Yahoo's sale to Verizon is completed as expected later this year, a successor
company called Altaba Inc. will be responsible for paying those legal claims.

Yahoo's handling and disclosure of the breaches is also under investigation by
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Trade Commission. The
Sunnyvale, California, company says it has spent $16 million investigating the
breaches and covering the legal expenses so far.

In a blog post on Yahoo's Tumblr service , Mayer said she didn't learn about the
scope of the breaches until September and then tried to set things right.
"However, I am the CEO of the company and since this incident happened during my
tenure, I have agreed to forgo my annual bonus and my annual equity grant,"
Mayer wrote.

In its report, Yahoo's board said it decided to withhold a cash bonus that
otherwise would have been paid to her. Mayer is eligible to receive a bonus of
up to $2 million annually. The board said it accepted Mayer's offer to
relinquish her annual stock award, which is typically worth millions of dollars.

Mayer said she wants the board to distribute her bonus to Yahoo's entire
workforce of 8,500 employees. The board didn't say if it would do so.

Losing her bonus and annual stock award probably won't be too painful for Mayer,
who is already rich after working for more than a decade as a top executive at
Google and then as Yahoo's CEO for the past 4 1/2 years. She is also in line for
a $44 million severance package if she doesn't go to work for Verizon after the
sale closes.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2017 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      May 9, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

FBI INVESTIGATES S.F. SCHOOL FUNDS;
AN EXPENDITURES REVIEW FINDS GRANT AND BOND FUNDS UNACCOUNTED FOR

BYLINE: RON HARRIS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 778 words


SAN FRANCISCO Millions of dollars in missing grant money, shoddy bookkeeping and
poor management are at the center of an FBI investigation into San Francisco
schools focusing on the mishandling of federal grants and bond funds.

Superintendent Arlene Ackerman said Monday the district asked authorities last
week to investigate whether former employees violated laws. That request came
after a review of the San Francisco Unified School District's accounting and
expenditure practices.

The review, completed by the Andersen accounting and consulting firm, reveals
years of inadequate documentation in several areas, including $27 million in
bond money used for unauthorized projects and salaries.

The review highlights a district in disarray inherited last year by Ackerman,
hailed for her work in turning around the troubled schools in the District of
Columbia.

"In 32 years of experience, there were some practices that for me were absolute
firsts," Ackerman said. "Any time there are appearances of mishandling of funds
that should be used for our children it's, for me, inexcusable."

The review, commissioned by the city's Board of Education, focused heavily on
district practices regarding facilities and management. The findings were based
on interviews with district personnel and document reviews.

The FBI is looking at whether the district improperly requested a $48 million
federal technology grant and mishandled a $32 million energy-saving contract
awarded to North Carolina-based Strategic Resource Solutions in 1998.

The review found it was unclear when the company's computer systems were
compatible with the district's network or if the software to support such a
system met with district requirements.

Ackerman acknowledged that one troubling aspect in investigating the SRS Energy
Management System grant is that many relevant documents are missing.

The application for the $48 million technology grant failed to follow standards
and the financial implications were not investigated thoroughly, the review
found. The grant was approved for the district by the U.S. Department of
Education, but Ackerman refused to accept it.

Other reported misdeeds involved funds regularly shifted between accounts
without proper authorization, and the use of 1997 Proposition A and 1990
Proposition B funds to pay some salaries, overhead and projects unrelated to
Proposition A.

The propositions were bond issues passed by San Francisco voters to build
schools and make health and safety improvements on existing campuses.

The review also discovered that the district staff could account for only $14.9
million of the $29 million in Leroy Greene funds received since 1996. District
officials don't believe the money was stolen, only that it was so poorly
accounted for that a document trail is difficult to find.

Leroy Greene funds, named after a former state senator, are set aside to improve
schools throughout the state.

"There has been a very significant lack of documentation, partially caused by
the fact that in the facilities department they had a stand-alone bookkeeping
system that didn't integrate or reconcile with the accounting records that were
maintained in the accounting department," said Cathi Vogel, the district's chief
financial officer.

Ackerman and City Attorney Louise Renne, both cooperating fully with the FBI,
did not rule out arrests as investigations into the work of current and former
district personnel continue.

"I think that there were suspicions early on and there are several ongoing
investigations that are now in the City Attorney's Office," Ackerman said.

Dan Kelly, vice president of the Board of Education, said he's had grave
concerns about the district's fiscal responsibility for years. Many contracts
were awarded without board approval, often going to less-than-qualified bidders
for "whimsical and arbitrary reasons," Kelly said.

"I'm very saddened, but I'm not shocked or surprised. This is exactly the kind
of activity that some of us thought was going on," Kelly said.

According to the review, many of the breakdowns in management and accounting
performance came during the tenure of Bill Rojas, the superintendent Ackerman
replaced.

Rojas left San Francisco schools to serve as superintendent at the Dallas
Independent School District. But he was fired after 11 months there for failing
to maintain good relations with the school board.

Andersen recommended the district set new policies for real estate acquisitions,
clarify the existing computer network and hire qualified staff to address many
of the shortcomings listed in its review.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

Alameda supes OK election board

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 649 words


With voting systems and election integrity hot-button issues statewide, Alameda
County will form a new committee to help navigate through some of the democratic
process' rough waters.

The county's Board of Supervisors unanimously approved the formation of the
county's Election Advisory Committee on Tuesday. The committee will be made up
of nine members, with each supervisor appointing one member, and four groups --
the League of Women Voters, Alameda County Civil Grand Jury, Alameda County
Taxpayers Association and the City Clerks Association of California -- each
appointing one at-large member.

According to Dave Macdonald, the county's registrar of voters, the purpose of
such a committee is to make sure there is communication between his office, the
board and Alameda County voters. The committee will give input on issues such as
instant runoff voting and poll-worker recruitment, as well as serve as a conduit
to communicate election-related concerns in the community. The group also will
be in charge of setting up public sessions with the registrar to discuss the
latest developments with election law, equipment and procedures usedin the
county.

"For years we've had an informal committee that has met and talked about these
issues," Macdonald said. "This just makes that process more formal."

Macdonald said the informal committee has produced helpful advice in county
election issues, including his office's decision to purchase the new Sequoia
voting system last year.

That decision, along with other election questions, has created a swirl of
controversy around the county's registrar of voters office. The county's
supervisors agreed to purchase the new Sequoia system after having problems with
its Diebold machines purchased in 2001. Those problems included assigning votes
to the wrong candidate. Diebold eventually agreed in 2004 to pay the state and
Alameda County $2.6 million to settle a lawsuit alleging that it made false
claims when it sold its equipment to the county.

Then, last October, three Alameda County voters filed a lawsuit against the
county and its registrar of voters office, seeking to block the county's use of
its new Sequoia voting system, claiming the county had not performed
independent, expert security vulnerability testing on the system's equipment.

Finally, last month, an Alameda County Superior Court judge nullified the
results of a hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by
Alameda County election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a
citizen-sponsored medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a
re-vote in 2008.

In her decision, Judge Winifred Smith said Alameda County officials have engaged
in "a pattern of withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence"
necessary to conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the
judge found "to be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the
Diebold voting machines.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by election officials.

Statewide, the issue of election integrity took the forefront again in August
when Secretary of State Debra Bowen decided to attach new security conditions to
voting systems used in California. Bowen's decision to add new requirements --
including insistence on a 100 percent manual recount -- came after her office
studied three types of voting systems and concluded both Diebold and Sequoia
machines were susceptible to hacking.

Although many county registrar offices questioned the necessity for tests --
thought by some to be unrealistic because of the access given to people trying
to break into the system -- Bowen had promised a "top to bottom review" of
California voting systems.

Contact Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

Supervisors approve new election board

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 650 words


With voting systems and election integrity hot-button issues statewide, Alameda
County will form a new committee to help navigate through some of the democratic
process' rough waters.

The county's Board of Supervisors unanimously approved the formation of the
county's Election Advisory Committee on Tuesday. The committee will be made up
of nine members, with each supervisor appointing one member, and four groups --
the League of Women Voters, Alameda County Civil Grand Jury, Alameda County
Taxpayers Association and the City Clerks Association of California -- each
appointing one at-large member.

According to Dave Macdonald, the county's registrar of voters, the purpose of
such a committee is to make sure there is communication between his office, the
board and Alameda County voters. The committee will give input on issues such as
instant runoff voting and poll-worker recruitment, as well as serve as a conduit
to communicate election-related concerns in the community. The group will also
be in charge of setting up public sessions with the registrar to discuss the
latest developments with election law, equipment and procedures used in the
county.

"For years we've had an informal committee that has met and talked about these
issues," Macdonald said. "This just makes that process more formal."

Macdonald said the informal committee has produced helpful advice in county
election issues, including his office's decision to purchase thenew Sequoia
voting system last year.

That decision, along with other election questions, has created a swirl of
controversy around the county's registrar of voters office. The county's
supervisors agreed to purchase the new Sequoia system after having problems with
its Diebold machines purchased in 2001. Those problems included assigning votes
to the wrong candidate. Diebold eventually agreed in 2004 to pay the state and
Alameda County $2.6 million to settle a lawsuit alleging that it made false
claims when it sold its equipment to the county. Then, last October, three
Alameda County voters filed a lawsuit against the county and its registrar of
voters office seeking to block the county's use of its new Sequoia voting
system, claiming the county had not performed independent, expert security
vulnerability testing on the system's equipment.

Finally, last month, an Alameda County Superior Court judge nullified the
results of a hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by
Alameda County election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a
citizen-sponsored medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a
re-vote in 2008.

In her decision, Judge Winifred Smith said Alameda County officials have engaged
in "a pattern of withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence"
necessary to conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the
judge found "to be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the
Diebold voting machines.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

Statewide, the issue of election integrity took the forefront again in August
when Secretary of State Debra Bowen decided to attach new security conditions to
voting systems used in California. Bowen's decision to add new requirements --
including insistence on a 100 percent manual recount -- came after her office
studied three types of voting systems and concluded both Diebold and Sequoia
machines were susceptible to hacking.

Although many county registrar offices questioned the necessity for tests --
thought by some to be unrealistic because of the access given to people trying
to break into the system -- Bowen had promised a "top to bottom review" of
California voting systems.

Contact Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

Supes unanimously OK election board

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 637 words


With voting systems and election integrity hot-button issues statewide, Alameda
County will form a new committee to help navigate through some of the democratic
process' rough waters.

The county's Board of Supervisors unanimously approved the formation of the
county's Election Advisory Committee Tuesday. The committee will be made up of
nine members, with each supervisor appointing one member, and four groups -- the
League of Women Voters, Alameda County Civil Grand Jury, Alameda County
Taxpayers Association and the City Clerks Association of California -- each
appointing one at-large member.

According to Dave Macdonald, the county's registrar of voters, the purpose of
such a committee is to make sure there is communication between his office, the
board and Alameda County voters. The committee will give input on issues such as
instant runoff voting and poll-worker recruitment, as well as serve as a conduit
to communicate election-related concerns in the community. The group will also
be in charge of setting up public sessions with the registrar to discuss the
latest developments with election law, equipment and procedures used in the
county.

"For years we've had an informal committee that has met and talked about these
issues," Macdonald said. "This just makes that process more formal."

Macdonald said the informal committee has produced helpful advice in county
election issues, including his office's decision to purchase the new Sequoia
voting system last year.

That decision, along with other election questions, has created a swirl of
controversy around the county's registrar of voters office. The county's
supervisors agreed to purchase the new Sequoia system after having problems with
its Diebold machines purchased in 2001. Those problems included assigning votes
to the wrong candidate. Diebold eventually agreed in 2004 to pay the state and
Alameda County $2.6 million to settle a lawsuit alleging that it made false
claims when it sold its equipment to the county.

Then last October, three Alameda County voters filed a lawsuit against the
county and its registrar of voters office, seeking to block the county's use of
its new Sequoia voting system, claiming the county had not performed
independent, expert security vulnerability testing on the system's equipment.

Finally last month, an Alameda County Superior Court judge nullified the results
of a hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by Alameda
County election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a
citizen-sponsored medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a
re-vote in 2008.

In her decision, Judge Winifred Smith said Alameda County officials have engaged
in "a pattern of withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence"
necessary to conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the
judge found "to be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the
Diebold voting machines.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

Statewide, the issue of election integrity took the forefront again in August
when Secretary of State Debra Bowen decided to attach new security conditions to
voting systems used in California. Bowen's decision to add new requirements --
including insistence on a 100 percent manual recount -- came after her office
studied three types of voting systems and concluded both Diebold and Sequoia
machines were susceptible to hacking.

Although many county registrar offices questioned the necessity for tests --
thought by some to be unrealistic because of the access given to people trying
to break into the system -- Bowen had promised a "top to bottom review" of
California voting systems.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     December 9, 2003 Tuesday CITY EDITION

CHAPLAIN HAD PRISONER LIST, AGENT TESTIFIES
TESTIMONY ALSO FOCUSES ON ADULTERY ALLEGATION

BYLINE: CAROL ROSENBERGWashington Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 515 words


FORT BENNING, Ga. -- A Muslim Army chaplain accused of mishandling classified
documents was carrying a typewritten list with the names of prisoners at the
U.S. detention camp for suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and their
interrogators when he was arrested, a Customs agent testified Monday.

Customs Special Agent Sean Rafferty said he found the list in the backpack of
U.S. Army Capt. James "Youseff" Yee on Sept. 10 when Yee arrived at the
Jacksonville, Fla., Naval Air Station to begin a leave from Guantanamo, where he
had been ministering to the 660 suspected al-Qaida and Taliban prisoners held
there. The names of the detainees have never been made public.

Rafferty said he and an immigration inspector sought out Yee because of an alert
from an agent with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service. He said he passed
the list of names to Army counterintelligence agents who were waiting nearby.

Rafferty's testimony Monday was the first to link Yee to specific information
from Guantanamo, though it was not clear Monday whether the document itself was
classified.

Rafferty testified by cell phone from Jacksonville on the first day of a hearing
to determine whether Yee should face a court martial on six charges brought
against him ranging from mishandling classified documents to adultery. The
politically charged case began as an espionage investigation.

Yee's defense attorney, Eugene Fidell, bristled at restrictions that would allow
Rafferty and at least 19 other witnesses to testify by telephone.

Fidell also lambasted early reports that his client was facing espionage and
treason charges. He called the early reports "reprehensible, quite disgraceful
that this officer's reputation was tarnished in a way that can never be
repaired."

Yee was held for 76 days in a Navy brig in South Carolina as the allegations
were investigated. His detention also prompted congressional hearings on the
Pentagon's process for clearing Muslim chaplains for service. In the end,
however, the charges against Yee, a West Point graduate, were much less serious.

Much of Monday's testimony revolved around the least serious of the charges --
that Yee had sex with a fellow officer, even though he is married. Adultery is a
crime in the military.

Navy Lt. Karyn Wallace, 36, now based in San Diego, testified that while she was
posted at Guantanamo as a health and safety officer she had "maybe 20" sexual
encounters with Yee. Wallace was given immunity from prosecution in exchange for
her testimony, said Navy Lt. Cmdr. Robert Crow, one of three prosecutors on the
case.

Yee's wife, Huda, sometimes cried as Wallace testified. Afterward, she
confronted Wallace in the corridor.

"Excuse me. You happy now?" she called. "You broke up our family."

Wallace, who had earlier testified that she knew the chaplain was married,
turned and touched the wife's shoulder and said softly, "You'll have to talk to
him."

If Yee is court martialed on all six charges, he could face a maximum penalty of
13 years in prison, a dishonorable discharge and loss of pay.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

Capt. James Yee

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           October 10, 2007 Wednesday

County panel will oversee elections

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 649 words


With voting systems and election integrity hot-button issues statewide, Alameda
County will form a new committee to help navigate through some of the democratic
process' rough waters.

The county's Board of Supervisors unanimously approved the formation of the
county's Election Advisory Committee Tuesday. The committee will be made up of
nine members, with each supervisor appointing one member, and four groups -- the
League of Women Voters, Alameda County Civil Grand Jury, Alameda County
Taxpayers Association and the City Clerks Association of California -- each
appointing one at-large member.

According to Dave Macdonald, the county's registrar of voters, the purpose of
such a committee is to make sure there is communication between his office, the
board and Alameda County voters. The committee will give input on issues such as
instant runoff voting and poll-worker recruitment, as well as serve as a conduit
to communicate election-related concerns in the community. The group will also
be in charge of setting up public sessions with the registrar to discuss the
latest developments with election law, equipment and procedures used in the
county.

"For years we've had an informal committee that has met and talked about these
issues," Macdonald said. "This just makes that process more formal."

Macdonald said the informal committee has produced helpful advice in county
election issues, including his office's decision to purchase the new Sequoia
voting system last year.

That decision, along with other election questions, has created a swirl of
controversy around the county's registrar of voters office. The county's
su-pervisors agreed to purchase the new Sequoia system after having problems
with its Diebold machines purchased in 2001. Those problems included assigning
votes to the wrong candidate. Diebold eventually agreed in 2004 to pay the state
and Alameda County $2.6 million to settle a lawsuit alleging that it made false
claims when it sold its equipment to the county.

Then last October, three Alameda County voters filed a lawsuit against the
county and its registrar of voters office, seeking to block the county's use of
its new Sequoia voting system, claiming the county had not performed
independent, expert security vulnerability testing on the system's equipment.

Finally last month, an Alameda County Superior Court judge nullified the results
of a hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by Alameda
County election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a
citizen-sponsored medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a
re-vote in 2008.

In her decision, Judge Winifred Smith said Alameda County officials have engaged
in "a pattern of withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence"
necessary to conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the
judge found "to be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the
Diebold voting machines.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

Statewide, the issue of election integrity took the forefront again in August
when Secretary of State Debra Bowen decided to attach new security conditions to
voting systems used in California. Bowen's decision to add new requirements --
including insistence on a 100 percent manual recount -- came after her office
studied three types of voting systems and concluded both Diebold and Sequoia
machines were susceptible to hacking.

Although many county registrar offices questioned the necessity for tests --
thought by some to be unrealistic because of the access given to people trying
to break into the system -- Bowen had promised a "top to bottom review" of
California voting systems.

Contact Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 19, 1978, Friday, Final Edition

Lee Terms Plea Bargaining 'Soft Treatment' of Carcich

BYLINE: By Michael Weisskopf, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B7

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS


Maryland Acting Gov. Blair Lee III said yesterday the Pallottine priest who
admitted mishandling more than $2 million in charitable funds should have gone
to jail instead of receiving conditional probation as part of a plea bargaining
agreement with the state.

Lee said the agreement negotiated by State's Attorney General Francis B. (Bill)
Burch "seemed like a pretty soft treatment" for the Rev.  Guido John Carcich,
the fund-raising mastermind of the Pallottine Fathers religious order, who
pleaded guilty last week to a charge of mishandling the funds.

"I personally feel a period of confinement would not have been inappropriate,
assuming (Carcich) was found guilty," Lee said in response to questions at his
weekly press conference.  "As a layman, I have trouble understanding the whole
system of plea bargaining."

Lee's comments follow more than a week of angry public reaction to the plea
bargain, in which Carcich was placed on 18 months probation requiring him to
minister to the needs of state prisoners for a year while living in a Pallottine
parish house in Baltimore at night.

Burch conceded this week that "the public is upset" and said he fears the
controversial case will endanger his campaign for governor.  He contended in an
interview Tuesday that the Public misunderstands the case, and insisted that the
plea bargain resulted in a "more meaningful" penalty than could have been
achieved through a trial.

Lee, also running for governor in the Democratic primary with Burch and four
other candidates, said he personally likes Burch, and "if I could defend him in
that position (the Pallottine case) I would.  But I can't."00

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                      May 9, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

FBI LAUNCHES PROBE OF S.F. SCHOOL FUNDS;
* A VOLUNTARY REVIEW OF SPENDING FINDS GRANT, BOND MONEY UNACCOUNTED FOR

BYLINE: RON HARRIS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 701 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO Millions of dollars in missing grant money, shoddy bookkeeping and
poor management are at the center of an FBI investigation into San Francisco
schools focusing on the mishandling of federal grants and bond funds.

Superintendent Arlene Ackerman said Monday the district asked authorities last
week to investigate whether former employees violated laws. That request came
after a review of the San Francisco Unified School District's accounting and
expenditure practices.

The review, completed by the Andersen accounting and consulting firm, reveals
years of inadequate documentation in several areas, including $27 million in
bond money used for unauthorized projects and salaries.

The review highlights a district in disarray inherited last year by Ackerman,
who was hailed for her work in turning around the troubled schools in the
District of Columbia.

Ackerman has her work cut out for her once again.

"In 32 years of experience, there were some practices that for me were absolute
firsts," Ackerman said. "Any time there are appearances of mishandling of funds
that should be used for our children it's, for me, inexcusable."

The review, commissioned by the city's Board of Education, focused heavily on
district practices regarding facilities and management. The findings were based
on interviews with district personnel and document reviews.

The FBI is looking at whether the district improperly requested a $48 million
federal technology grant and mishandled a $32 million energy-saving contract
awarded to North Carolina-based Strategic Resource Solutions in 1998.

The review found it was unclear when the company's computer systems were
compatible with the district's network or if the software to support such a
system met with district requirements.

Ackerman acknowledged that one troubling aspect in investigating the SRS Energy
Management System grant is that many documents relating to the grant and the
contract are missing.

The application for the $48 million technology grant failed to follow standards
and the financial implications were not investigated thoroughly, the review
found. The grant was approved for the district by the U.S. Department of
Education, but Ackerman refused to accept it.

Other reported misdeeds involved funds regularly shifted between accounts
without proper authorization, and the use of 1997 Proposition A and 1990
Proposition B funds to pay some salaries, overhead and projects unrelated to
Proposition A.

The two propositions were bond issues passed by San Francisco voters to build
schools and make health and safety improvements on existing campuses.

The review also discovered that the district staff could account for only $14.9
million of the $29 million in Leroy Greene Funds received since 1996. District
officials don't believe the money was stolen, only that it was so poorly
accounted for that a document trail is difficult to find.

Leroy Greene Funds are monies set aside to improve schools throughout the state.
The fund is named after a former state senator.

"There has been a very significant lack of documentation, partially caused by
the fact that in the facilities department they had a stand-alone bookkeeping
system that didn't integrate or reconcile with the accounting records that were
maintained in the accounting department," said Cathi Vogel, the district's chief
financial officer.

Ackerman and City Attorney Louise Renne, both cooperating fully with the FBI,
did not rule out that there could be arrests as investigations into the work of
current and former district personnel continue.

"I think that there were suspicions early on and there are several ongoing
investigations that are now in the City Attorney's Office," Ackerman said.

Dan Kelly, vice president of the Board of Education, said he's had grave
concerns about the district's fiscal responsibility for years. Many contracts
were awarded without board approval, often going to less-than-qualified bidders
for "whimsical and arbitrary reasons," Kelly said. "I'm very saddened, but I'm
not shocked or surprised. This is exactly the kind of activity that some of us
thought was going on."

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 6, 2012 Friday

External audit finds Cedar Hills finances are in order

BYLINE: Benjamin Wood Deseret News

LENGTH: 285 words


CEDAR HILLS, Utah County ? An external audit into the financial management of
former mayor Eric Richardson has revealed that city finances are in order,
officials announced Friday.

In a prepared statement, city leaders announced that reviewers Squire & Company
had been hired to examine Richardson's authority over city accounts,
transactions on his city-issued credit card and a number of city financial
transactions that took place during his time as mayor. Squire & Company reported
no concerns regarding Richardson's credit card transactions and discovered four
irregularities in city transactions, two of which had been previously addressed
and corrected by city staff, officials said. "While we did not suspect
mishandling of public funds, the results of these additional procedures are
reassuring," Finance Director Rebecca Tehero said in a prepared statement. "The
report confirms that the internal controls we have in place are working and that
the annual, external audit is sufficient to identify any areas for improvement."
The audit was ordered during a Cedar Hills City Council meeting in June after
Richardson had been accused in a federal complaint of soliciting fraudulent
investments. He has since been charged with bank fraud in federal court. A
coalition of residents accused Richardson of mishandling city funds and
requested a forensic audit beyond the city's standard auditing procedures. After
the council approved an external audit, Ken Cromar, a member of that coalition,
said the parameters of the audit were too narrow and a more extensive
examination of the city's finances was needed to address concerns. Richardson
resigned from his position as mayor on June 24. ? Benjamin Wood

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      August 19, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

FBI LOOKS INTO ONE OF ITS OWN

BYLINE: DAVID JOHNSTON AND JAMES RISEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1109 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON The FBI has begun an internal investigation into one of its most
senior counterterrorism officials, who misplaced a briefcase containing highly
classified information last year.

The briefcase contained a number of sensitive documents, including a report
outlining virtually every national security operation in New York, government
officials said.

The official, John O'Neill, 49, is the special agent in charge of national
security in the FBI's New York office. The job is among the most powerful in the
FBI, and, although O'Neill is not widely known, he has overseen cases such as
the terrorist bombing of the Navy destroyer U.S.S. Cole in Yemen last year and
the bombings of American embassies in East Africa in 1998.

Serious incident

The briefcase incident was seen as potentially so serious that the Justice
Department conducted a criminal investigation. The inquiry ended in recent weeks
with a decision by the department's internal-security section not to prosecute,
law enforcement officials said.

O'Neill left his briefcase in a hotel conference room while he attended an FBI
meeting in Tampa, Fla., last summer. The briefcase was stolen, but the local
authorities recovered it and returned it to him within hours with the contents.

Jill Stillman, a spokeswoman for the Justice Department, said department
officials would not comment on the matter. Requests to discuss the matter with
O'Neill were made to bureau officials in New York and Washington. In both cases,
they said he declined to comment on the case.

After the criminal inquiry, the bureau's internal-affairs unit began its own
investigation to determine whether O'Neill had violated FBI rules against
mishandling classified information.

Officials identified one document in the briefcase as a draft of what is known
in the bureau as the annual field office report for national security operations
in New York.

The closely guarded report contained a description of every counterespionage and
counterterrorism program in New York and detailed the budget and manpower for
each operation. The document, submitted to bureau headquarters, is used as a
central planning tool each year.

FBI agents are prohibited from removing classified documents from their offices
without authorization. Violations are punishable by censure, suspension or even
dismissal, depending on their seriousness.

But the outcome of the internal inquiry is uncertain. Even if the inquiry finds
that O'Neill violated regulations, he is unlikely to be sanctioned. He has been
planning to retire and told associates in recent days that he would step down
this week. He is expected to take a job as a private security consultant.

Intense scrutiny

Several officials said O'Neill became the subject of especially intense scrutiny
partly because law enforcement officials did not want to treat the matter
lightly after the cases of John Deutch, the former director of central
intelligence, and Wen Ho Lee, the nuclear weapons scientist in the federal
laboratory in Los Alamos, N.M.

Deutch lost his security clearances and was the subject of a Justice Department
investigation for mishandling classified material after he placed classified
documents on unclassified computers in his home. Deutch was pardoned by
President Clinton in January.

Lee pleaded guilty in September 2000 to one count of mishandling classified
material just as the rest of the government's case against him collapsed.

In O'Neill's case, FBI officials were alarmed, in part, because of the
sensitivity of the documents involved, including details about the bureau's
counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations. One document contained
highly sensitive information about an FBI source.

O'Neill immediately reported the incident to his superiors. But after the Tampa
authorities recovered the briefcase, it was taken from him and the documents
inside it were fingerprinted to determine whether anyone had touched the
briefcase and whether the documents were handled by a foreign intelligence
service.

The investigation concluded that the documents in the briefcase had not been
touched and that it had probably been stolen by thieves who were thought to be
responsible for several hotel robberies in the Tampa area at the time.

Bright star at FBI

O'Neill started as an entry-level clerk at the bureau and has been an agent for
more than 25 years. Throughout his career, associates said, O'Neill has been
regarded as a dedicated, relentless and hard-charging investigator who was one
of the FBI's brightest stars.

But associates said he sometimes chafed at the restrictive rules of conduct at
the bureau and his single-mindedness had sometimes irritated colleagues, at the
CIA and at the State Department. O'Neill's aggressiveness has led to serious
frictions in the Cole bombing case, for example.

This year, the U.S. ambassador to Yemen, Barbara Bodine, blocked O'Neill from
returning to Yemen to oversee the FBI investigation of the bombing of the Cole.
O'Neill had led the initial team of agents in Yemen after the bombing last fall,
but ran afoul of Bodine over what she considered his heavy-handed style, State
Department officials said. She considered the FBI contingent too large and
objected to the agents' insistence on carrying heavy weapons, they said.

Many admirers

But O'Neill has many admirers. Barry Mawn, assistant director of the FBI in
charge of the New York office, said O'Neill was a tireless worker and had had
his "complete confidence" since Mawn took over the office last year.

"John is recognized worldwide as probably one of the best in conducting both
counterterrorism and counterintelligence operations," Mawn said.

James K. Kallstrom, the head of the New York office in the mid-1990s, said
O'Neill "has been a major force for the public safety of the United States and
the security of the United States for over two decades."

Like a number of O'Neill's friends and supporters, Kallstrom made it clear that
he thought O'Neill had been the victim of a smear campaign, perhaps because he
was being mentioned for a national security job at the White House, a job he had
apparently never sought.

"The notion that individuals in public service or anywhere else are absolutely
perfect human beings who never have a fault or lapse of memory or never make a
mistake is a standard that no one should be held to," Kallstrom said.

Mary Jo White, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, praised
O'Neill in a statement Friday as "one of the unsung heroes in our nation's
efforts to combat terrorism in the United States and around the world."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New York Times

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday

Iran, Iraq links could be key

BYLINE: JANINE ZACHARIA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 865 words



HIGHLIGHT: ANALYSIS


WASHINGTON - CBS Evening News's Friday broadcast, announcing that the FBI
believes it has "solid" evidence that a mole working in the Pentagon has been
passing classified information to Israel through intermediaries in the leading
pro-Israel lobby, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), hit like
an earthquake.

The Associated Press said the investigation could "strain US-Israeli relations
and muddy the Bush administration's Middle East policy." BBC called it "a very
serious development because Israel is one of America's closest allies." And The
New York Times and The Washington Post, among others, ran the story on their
front pages Saturday.

Yet despite the sensational reports, officials familiar with the case say that
the FBI is unlikely to charge the official in question - Larry Franklin, a mid-
level desk officer in the Pentagon who handles Iran - with espionage. The more
likely scenario is that he could be charged with a lesser count of mishandling
classified information. Israel has strongly denied the espionage accusation and
AIPAC has denied any wrongdoing.

News reports say that Franklin provided the AIPAC staffers with information
about a presidential directive on Iran that was in a draft phase, and that AIPAC
then passed it on to Israeli officials. It is not clear whether the material in
question was an actual document, or Franklin only discussed the classified
information with the AIPAC staffers.

Conversations between lobbyists and officials are routine and officials say that
sometime the line between what is classified and what is not can be murky. The
FBI will have to determine whether the Pentagon official knowingly broke the
law.

"He was irresponsible probably in mishandling classified information. That
doesn't mean he was spying for Israel," one American source said.

Nevertheless, the news report's impact is already having some damaging
consequences for the American Jewish community and perceptions of the US-Israel
relationship. First, news accounts have likened the case to Jonathan Pollard,
the American Jewish naval analyst who who is serving a life sentence for spying
for Israel in the 1980s.

That affair led to wide questioning of whether American Jews have a dual loyalty
to Israel and has had a lasting negative impact on American Jews seeking
sensitive positions in the US government. The official in question is not
Jewish.

"Pollard brought a box of documents out every day. He was paid by the Israelis.
It was run out of the [Israeli] Embassy in Washington. This is a guy who
probably mishandled information. Suddenly everyone is jumping the gun saying,
'This is like Pollard.' It is irresponsible to be saying this," a US official
said.

AIPAC was already anticipating the negative fallout. In a memo circulated via
e-mail to members regarding the investigation, AIPAC Executive Director Howard
Kohr and President Bernice Manocherian wrote: "We will not let any innuendo or
false allegation against AIPAC distract us from our central mission - supporting
America's interests in the Middle East and advocating for a strong relationship
with Israel. In the coming days and weeks, it will be critical for members like
you to continue to demonstrate your confidence as Americans, supporters of
Israel and members of AIPAC."

Perhaps even more damaging than the Pollard comparisons that are flooding news
coverage are suggestions that the incident somehow demonstrates that Israel was
able to steer US policy not only on Iran, but on Iraq, since Franklin works
under Undersecretary of Defense Douglas Feith, a strong advocate of toppling
Saddam Hussein's regime.

"The case raises another concern among investigators: Did Israel also use the
analyst to try to influence US policy on the war in Iraq? With ties to top
Pentagon officials Paul Wolfowitz and Douglas Feith, the analyst was assigned to
a unit within the Defense Department tasked with helping develop the Pentagon's
Iraq policy," CBS said.

The New York Times wrote: "The fact that the Pentagon official under
investigation works for Mr. Feith made the case politically sensitive for the
Bush administration. Before the war in Iraq, Mr. Feith created a special
intelligence unit that sought to build a case for Iraq's ties to al-Qaida, an
effort that has since been heavily criticized by American intelligence
professionals as an effort to justify the war.

"[T]he investigation is likely to give rise to questions about whether Israel
may have used the information to influence American policy in the Middle East,"
the Times added.

The desire of officials in the Pentagon to oust Saddam Hussein has been
well-documented in numerous books on the subject. Although Israel had been far
more concerned about the threat posed by Iran than by Saddam Hussein, the canard
that Israel somehow drove the White House to war with Iraq has been widely spun
here; this investigation is likely only to strengthen it. Ralph Nader, the
independent presidential candidate, recently described Israel as a puppeteer
controlling the White House and Congress. Senator Ernest Hollings (D-South
Carolina) wrote this past spring that President George W. Bush launched the war
in Iraq "to protect Israel."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                             July 20, 2015  Monday

Dating Violence Poses Unique Questions for Colleges

BYLINE: Sarah Brown

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 1483  words

ABSTRACT

Colleges are required to include such incidents in campus-safety reports.
Experts say the issue needs special attention.

FULL TEXT

"A dispute between students."

Those words, said Olivia A. Ortiz, were used by campus administrators in 2012 to
describe her allegations of abusive behavior, including several sexual assaults,
by her then-boyfriend.

It was the University of Chicago senior's first relationship, and she said she
didn't know at first that the behavior constituted dating violence.

Ms. Ortiz, who filed a Title IX complaint against the university in 2013 for
what she said was the mishandling of her sexual-assault case, said colleges
aren't talking enough about the nuances of dating violence. Students, she said,
"don't want to believe that someone so close to us can do that," while
administrators "don't want to believe that these students at prestigious
universities would do that."

She called that phenomenon a "double disbelief."

The issue is becoming more significant for colleges thanks to federal
regulations that took full effect this month. The new rules require institutions
to include incidents of dating violence, domestic violence, and stalking in the
crime reports that are mandated by the campus-safety law known as the Clery Act.
The regulations interpreted the Violence Against Women Act, which was renewed by
Congress in 2013, and also imposed new requirements for training and prevention,
among other changes.

The Education Department made the rules final last October, and July 1 marked
the deadline for colleges to meet the standards or risk penalty, though
officials told colleges a year ago they needed to make a "good-faith effort" to
comply right away.

Campus dating violence has received much less public attention than the
tremendous scrutiny colleges have faced over their handling of sexual-assault
cases. There is also less concrete data about how prevalent dating violence is.
While some of the educational needs and resources are similar for both issues,
administrators can't take sexual-assault policies and "blanket" them over dating
violence, said Alison G. Kiss, executive director of the Clery Center for
Security on Campus.

Intimate-partner abuse poses its own questions for colleges. For instance, how
should campuses enforce no-contact orders? How can investigators collect
evidence when the abusive partner's behavior is a long-term problem but can be
sudden or sporadic?

Before the Clery changes, colleges were already required under Title IX, the
federal gender-equity law, to conduct investigations into reports of dating
violence and to provide accommodations for students in abusive relationships.
The Clery provisions should help expand colleges' focus from sexual violence to
dating violence and, more broadly, gender-based violence, said Tara N. Richards,
an assistant professor of criminal justice at the University of Baltimore who
researches intimate-partner abuse.

Ms. Kiss said some institutions have had programs in place for years to support
victims of dating violence and are now making their practices more consistent.
For other campuses, it's new territory.

"A lot of schools simply aren't educating students that dating violence is a
violation of school policy," said Dana Bolger, co-director of Know Your IX, a
national student group that fights for stricter enforcement of Title IX.

Jeremy Manier, a spokesman for the University of Chicago, wrote in an email that
the university had made "substantial" changes this year in its sexual-misconduct
policy. Last year, he said, the university improved its disciplinary process and
appointed a new associate dean of students to investigate cases that involve
allegations of sexual assault, dating violence, and other conduct violations.
But Ms. Ortiz said she remained skeptical about Chicago administrators'
commitment to seeking justice for victims and to dealing with dating violence as
a specialized issue.

A Population at Risk

One of the most commonly cited statistics on sexual assault indicates that about
one in five women is sexually assaulted in college, although that study was not
designed to yield a national figure. On dating violence, the picture is even
less clear, and the incidents also tend to be underreported.

One national survey, from 2007, found that women in the 16-to-24 age group were
the population most at risk for intimate-partner violence.

In a 2011 poll on relationship abuse, which surveyed 508 men and women in
college, 43 percent of the women reported having experienced physical, sexual,
or controlling abuse from a partner, or having been harassed through technology.

The Clery requirements could help paint a more detailed picture of campus dating
violence within a few years, said Lisa Maatz, a policy adviser for the American
Association of University Women. Still, there are other limitations to the data.

Boise State University, in Idaho, has more than 22,000 students, and the
institution included dating-violence crimes on its 2014 security report. But it
listed just one incident of dating violence for 2011 and no incidents for 2012
or 2013.

Part of the reason: Most of Boise State's students live off campus, said Annie
N. Kerrick, the university's Title IX coordinator.

Ms. Kerrick said she expects to see an uptick in the number of dating-violence
and stalking reports made to campus administrators this year, once the
institution ramps up its relationship-violence education.

She has noticed wide discrepancies among colleges on how quickly and thoroughly
they adopted the Clery standards on dating violence, depending on the
backgrounds of those institutions' Title IX coordinators or Clery compliance
officials and how much support their respective colleges gave them. Those
variations could also skew the data.

"Some people are struggling," she said, "while some people from other
institutions have been doing it for years."

Similar Problems, Separate Solutions

Dating violence and sexual assault intersect in many ways, and some of the
resources colleges need to provide are similar, experts say.

For instance, a student victim of either crime is probably going to tell a
fellow student. That student might not know how to respond. So campuses need to
emphasize bystander education, said Ruth M. Glenn, executive director of the
National Coalition Against Domestic Violence.

But sexual assault and dating violence call for separate campus solutions, other
experts note. One key difference is that dating violence doesn't always
correlate with sexual violence. The behavior might involve emotional or physical
harm.

Students might be afraid to come forward because they don't want their
significant other to be punished or expelled. It might be emotionally difficult
for students to isolate themselves from an abusive boyfriend or girlfriend, even
if law enforcement has imposed a no-contact order.

Victims of dating violence also might need specific accommodations from their
colleges, such as the ability to move quickly to a new dormitory or permission
to miss class to obtain a no-contact order and free transportation to the
courthouse, Ms. Bolger, of Know Your IX, said.

Dating violence also tends to involve a continuing series of events, and the
behavior might come in cycles, whereas sexual assault is more often an isolated
incident.

For those reasons, the investigative process that campuses use when a sexual
assault is reported might not work for a relationship-violence allegation, Ms.
Kiss, of the Clery Center, said. And the sanctions for students who are found
responsible for sexual assault, which might involve writing a letter to the
victim as an apology, are often not appropriate for abusive intimate partners,
she said.

Laila Leigh, legal-services manager for Break the Cycle, a nonprofit group that
advocates for healthy relationships, said she had noticed that smaller colleges
and universities with fewer resources can have trouble applying their procedures
to dating-violence cases. "They're not sure how it's different," she said.

Collaborating with local domestic-violence centers, Ms. Maatz said, is one step
colleges can take to better support victims. Those agencies, she said, have long
been eager for colleges to come to them.

Institutions need to make sure students know the signs of dating abuse, said
Katie H. Hood, chief executive officer of the One Love Foundation, created in
memory of the University of Virginia student Yeardley Love after she was beaten
to death by her ex-boyfriend in 2010. Ms. Hood said the foundation is offering a
workshop on relationship abuse that she hopes will reach at least 250 campuses
in the coming months.

The bottom line, Ms. Bolger said, is that colleges need to take dating violence
just as seriously as they take sexual assault.

"No one teaches you," she said, "that the most dangerous situation might be
being in your dorm room with your partner, with someone you love and trust."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Olivia Ortiz filed a Title IX complaint against the U. of Chicago in
2013, accusing it of mishandling her sexual-assault case. Administrators, she
said, "don't want to believe that these students at prestigious universities"
would engage in dating violence.
Courtesy of Olivia Ortiz
Dating Violence Poses Unique Questions For Colleges 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              www.philanthropy.com

                                 July 20, 2015

Dating Violence Poses Unique Questions for Colleges

BYLINE: Sarah Brown

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 1483  words

ABSTRACT

Colleges are required to include such incidents in campus-safety reports.
Experts say the issue needs special attention.

FULL TEXT

"A dispute between students."

Those words, said Olivia A. Ortiz, were used by campus administrators in 2012 to
describe her allegations of abusive behavior, including several sexual assaults,
by her then-boyfriend.

It was the University of Chicago senior's first relationship, and she said she
didn't know at first that the behavior constituted dating violence.

Ms. Ortiz, who filed a Title IX complaint against the university in 2013 for
what she said was the mishandling of her sexual-assault case, said colleges
aren't talking enough about the nuances of dating violence. Students, she said,
"don't want to believe that someone so close to us can do that," while
administrators "don't want to believe that these students at prestigious
universities would do that."

She called that phenomenon a "double disbelief."

The issue is becoming more significant for colleges thanks to federal
regulations that took full effect this month. The new rules require institutions
to include incidents of dating violence, domestic violence, and stalking in the
crime reports that are mandated by the campus-safety law known as the Clery Act.
The regulations interpreted the Violence Against Women Act, which was renewed by
Congress in 2013, and also imposed new requirements for training and prevention,
among other changes.

The Education Department made the rules final last October, and July 1 marked
the deadline for colleges to meet the standards or risk penalty, though
officials told colleges a year ago they needed to make a "good-faith effort" to
comply right away.

Campus dating violence has received much less public attention than the
tremendous scrutiny colleges have faced over their handling of sexual-assault
cases. There is also less concrete data about how prevalent dating violence is.
While some of the educational needs and resources are similar for both issues,
administrators can't take sexual-assault policies and "blanket" them over dating
violence, said Alison G. Kiss, executive director of the Clery Center for
Security on Campus.

Intimate-partner abuse poses its own questions for colleges. For instance, how
should campuses enforce no-contact orders? How can investigators collect
evidence when the abusive partner's behavior is a long-term problem but can be
sudden or sporadic?

Before the Clery changes, colleges were already required under Title IX, the
federal gender-equity law, to conduct investigations into reports of dating
violence and to provide accommodations for students in abusive relationships.
The Clery provisions should help expand colleges' focus from sexual violence to
dating violence and, more broadly, gender-based violence, said Tara N. Richards,
an assistant professor of criminal justice at the University of Baltimore who
researches intimate-partner abuse.

Ms. Kiss said some institutions have had programs in place for years to support
victims of dating violence and are now making their practices more consistent.
For other campuses, it's new territory.

"A lot of schools simply aren't educating students that dating violence is a
violation of school policy," said Dana Bolger, co-director of Know Your IX, a
national student group that fights for stricter enforcement of Title IX.

Jeremy Manier, a spokesman for the University of Chicago, wrote in an email that
the university had made "substantial" changes this year in its sexual-misconduct
policy. Last year, he said, the university improved its disciplinary process and
appointed a new associate dean of students to investigate cases that involve
allegations of sexual assault, dating violence, and other conduct violations.
But Ms. Ortiz said she remained skeptical about Chicago administrators'
commitment to seeking justice for victims and to dealing with dating violence as
a specialized issue.

A Population at Risk

One of the most commonly cited statistics on sexual assault indicates that about
one in five women is sexually assaulted in college, although that study was not
designed to yield a national figure. On dating violence, the picture is even
less clear, and the incidents also tend to be underreported.

One national survey, from 2007, found that women in the 16-to-24 age group were
the population most at risk for intimate-partner violence.

In a 2011 poll on relationship abuse, which surveyed 508 men and women in
college, 43 percent of the women reported having experienced physical, sexual,
or controlling abuse from a partner, or having been harassed through technology.

The Clery requirements could help paint a more detailed picture of campus dating
violence within a few years, said Lisa Maatz, a policy adviser for the American
Association of University Women. Still, there are other limitations to the data.

Boise State University, in Idaho, has more than 22,000 students, and the
institution included dating-violence crimes on its 2014 security report. But it
listed just one incident of dating violence for 2011 and no incidents for 2012
or 2013.

Part of the reason: Most of Boise State's students live off campus, said Annie
N. Kerrick, the university's Title IX coordinator.

Ms. Kerrick said she expects to see an uptick in the number of dating-violence
and stalking reports made to campus administrators this year, once the
institution ramps up its relationship-violence education.

She has noticed wide discrepancies among colleges on how quickly and thoroughly
they adopted the Clery standards on dating violence, depending on the
backgrounds of those institutions' Title IX coordinators or Clery compliance
officials and how much support their respective colleges gave them. Those
variations could also skew the data.

"Some people are struggling," she said, "while some people from other
institutions have been doing it for years."

Similar Problems, Separate Solutions

Dating violence and sexual assault intersect in many ways, and some of the
resources colleges need to provide are similar, experts say.

For instance, a student victim of either crime is probably going to tell a
fellow student. That student might not know how to respond. So campuses need to
emphasize bystander education, said Ruth M. Glenn, executive director of the
National Coalition Against Domestic Violence.

But sexual assault and dating violence call for separate campus solutions, other
experts note. One key difference is that dating violence doesn't always
correlate with sexual violence. The behavior might involve emotional or physical
harm.

Students might be afraid to come forward because they don't want their
significant other to be punished or expelled. It might be emotionally difficult
for students to isolate themselves from an abusive boyfriend or girlfriend, even
if law enforcement has imposed a no-contact order.

Victims of dating violence also might need specific accommodations from their
colleges, such as the ability to move quickly to a new dormitory or permission
to miss class to obtain a no-contact order and free transportation to the
courthouse, Ms. Bolger, of Know Your IX, said.

Dating violence also tends to involve a continuing series of events, and the
behavior might come in cycles, whereas sexual assault is more often an isolated
incident.

For those reasons, the investigative process that campuses use when a sexual
assault is reported might not work for a relationship-violence allegation, Ms.
Kiss, of the Clery Center, said. And the sanctions for students who are found
responsible for sexual assault, which might involve writing a letter to the
victim as an apology, are often not appropriate for abusive intimate partners,
she said.

Laila Leigh, legal-services manager for Break the Cycle, a nonprofit group that
advocates for healthy relationships, said she had noticed that smaller colleges
and universities with fewer resources can have trouble applying their procedures
to dating-violence cases. "They're not sure how it's different," she said.

Collaborating with local domestic-violence centers, Ms. Maatz said, is one step
colleges can take to better support victims. Those agencies, she said, have long
been eager for colleges to come to them.

Institutions need to make sure students know the signs of dating abuse, said
Katie H. Hood, chief executive officer of the One Love Foundation, created in
memory of the University of Virginia student Yeardley Love after she was beaten
to death by her ex-boyfriend in 2010. Ms. Hood said the foundation is offering a
workshop on relationship abuse that she hopes will reach at least 250 campuses
in the coming months.

The bottom line, Ms. Bolger said, is that colleges need to take dating violence
just as seriously as they take sexual assault.

"No one teaches you," she said, "that the most dangerous situation might be
being in your dorm room with your partner, with someone you love and trust."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Olivia Ortiz filed a Title IX complaint against the U. of Chicago in
2013, accusing it of mishandling her sexual-assault case. Administrators, she
said, "don't want to believe that these students at prestigious universities"
would engage in dating violence.
Courtesy of Olivia Ortiz
Dating Violence Poses Unique Questions For Colleges 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                November 6, 2006

Verdicts & Settlements November 6, 2006: Mother gets $400,000 judgment over
embalming of son's body

BYLINE: North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 611  words


Type of action: Mishandling of corpse; negligence; emotional distress

Injuries alleged: Pain and suffering; emotional distress; punitive damages

Name of case: Alexandra Klinger v. SCI North Carolina Funeral Services, SCI
Funeral Services, Service Corporation International

Court/county: New Hanover Superior Court

Case no.: 05 CvS 1725

Tried before: Jury

Name of judge: Jay D. Hockenbury

Special damages: n/a

Verdict/settlement: Verdict

Amount: $100,000 compensatory; $500,000.00 punitive (reduced to $300,000 per
statute); $22,496 in costs

Date obtained: Judgment entered on July 26, 2006; orders denying defendants'
motion for new trial and motion for JNOV entered on October 6, 2006; order
allowing certain costs entered on October 6, 2006

Demand: n/a

Offer: n/a

Experts: n/a

Insurer: n/a

Plaintiff's attorneys: Robert R. Marcus, Drew Brown, Crystal Bowman, Smith Moore
LLP, Greensboro

Person submitting: Rob Marcus

Description: This case involved the alleged mishandling of a corpse by a funeral
home. Ms. Klinger is the mother of Israel Klinger, who died from cancer on March
7, 2002 at the age of 30. Israel died unmarried and without children. His
next-of-kin at the time of his death was his parents.

Ms. Klinger is a devout follower of the Jewish faith. Israel was a follower of
the Christian Orthodox faith. The Jewish and Orthodox faiths have similar
mandates for the handling of remains upon death.

In particular, it is improper to embalm a body, remove hair, or otherwise alter
the body in any respect. Such acts on the body are deemed desecration. It is
further required that someone stay with the body or "sit Shiva" until burial.
Finally, under the Orthodox faith, a body must be buried within three days.

Prior to his death, Israel granted his fiance a standard form durable power of
attorney as well as a health care power of attorney. His fiance thereafter
executed a "pre-need funeral contract" with the defendants.

The pre-need contract listed the charges for several services and labor to be
performed to Israel's remains following his death. However, the pre-need
contract failed to include, among other things, the religious preference for the
funeral, the place of burial, or the time frame for completing the funeral and
burial.

Moreover, the pre-need contract is unclear as to whether the body was to be
embalmed, according to the plaintiff. Although it lists the charge for
embalming, it includes no description or explanation of the process, despite the
fact that the form itself requires that such an explanation be given if
embalming is to be carried out.

A few weeks after the pre-need contract was executed, Israel passed away. His
body was thereafter taken by defendants.

Defendants then sought and received oral instructions from the fiance to embalm
Israel's body. The defendants did not make any attempt to contact Israel's
next-of-kin, according to plaintiff's counsel.

Ms. Klinger contended that she called defendants and requested that they return
her son's body to her, but her requests were ignored. Defendants told her that
they would only take direction from the fiancÃ©, she claimed.

The defendants embalmed the body of Israel Klinger and released his body to the
fiance for a Baptist funeral, against the wishes of the family, the plaintiff
alleged.

As a result of defendants' conduct, Ms. Klinger contended at trial that she
suffered and is suffering severe and disabling emotional distress.

The trial lasted two weeks. Jurors found for the plaintiff on the negligent
mishandling claim. The jury returned a verdict of $100,000 in compensatory
damages and $500,000 in punitive damages. Pursuant to statute, punitive damages
were reduced to $300,000.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             August 10, 2009 Monday

BYLINE: By Erica R. Hendry

SECTION: FACULTY; News

LENGTH: 366  words

ABSTRACT

A forensics professor at Florida Gulf Coast University is accused of mishandling
students' money as well as a mannequin.

FULL TEXT

David Lounsbury's problems at Florida Gulf Coast University began last fall when
two female students accused him of sexually groping a lifelike mannequin in
front of a class. Last month the associate professor of criminal forensics was
fired, but for allegedly mishandling money, not mannequins.

The students complained that Mr. Lounsbury had lifted a female mannequin's skirt
and groped its breasts and genitalia. They also alleged that he had told the
class that a person could have "realistic intercourse" with a mannequin if its
body had been warmed with a heating pad.

Mr. Lounsbury was suspended from his job in January after university
investigators concluded that he had made "inappropriate, sexually related
comments and engaged in inappropriate behaviors that appear devoid of
educational purposes or content," Provost Ronald Toll wrote in a letter to him.

Mr. Lounsbury disputed the groping accusation in an interview with the Naples
Daily News. He said he was teaching how evidence is gathered from victims'
genitalia, which he said was relevant to the death-investigation course.

The university was going to allow Mr. Lounsbury back this fall until it
determined that he had mishandled money that students had paid for a
certification he administered through the university's Institute of Forensic
Excellence.

Mr. Lounsbury was fired after acknowledging that he had told some students to
make their checks payable to him instead of the university. He received $15,210
from students over a five-year period, but he reportedly said in a memorandum to
Mr. Toll that he was recouping money he had spent out of his own pocket for the
forensics program.

Bob McKee, Mr. Lounsbury's lawyer, says his client has filed grievances with the
university for the accusations about the mannequin and the money. Mr. Lounsbury
said in an e-mail message that he hoped for a resolution by October.

Meanwhile, Mr. Lounsbury may have other ways of making his problems disappear.
As a sideline to his academic career, he performs magic tricks in the Naples
area as "Dr. Chimera."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 23, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Former C.I.A. Director Left Secrets Open to Theft, Agency Investigator Says

BYLINE: By STEVEN LEE MYERS

SECTION: Section A; Page 19; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 905 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 22


Investigators scouring home computers used by John M. Deutch, the former
director of central intelligence, found 42 secret documents and fragments of 32
others and could not rule out the possibility that some of the information may
have been stolen by hackers, according to a report by the agency's inspector
general released today.

Mr. Deutch's mishandling of the information, much of it in the form of letters
and memorandums to President Clinton, left highly classified programs and secret
code words vulnerable to theft, either through telephone modems or a burglary of
his homes in Maryland or Massachusetts, the report found.

"Whether any of the information was stolen or compromised remains unknown," the
report concluded.

The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence released the report, an unclassified
version of a longer report given to Congress last year, as it questioned Mr.
Deutch about his mishandling of classified information.

At the end of today's hearing, Mr. Deutch appeared briefly before reporters and
for the first time responded publicly to the flurry of controversy over his
security lapses and the agency's slow response to them. He read from a written
statement and then refused to answer questions.

"The director of central intelligence is not above the rules, and indeed the
director of central intelligence should be an example of respect for security,"
said Mr. Deutch, who was the subject of a criminal investigation over the
security lapses that ended with a decision by the Justice Department not to
prosecute him. "I very much regret my errors."

The committee's questioning of Mr. Deutch went on behind closed doors, but the
inspector general's report offered a highly critical version of events that led
to the discovery of the security lapses and the agency's investigation into
them.

The committee's chairman, Senator Richard C. Shelby, said the committee would
very likely call Mr. Deutch to testify again on behavior he characterized as
"inexplicable." The senator, an Alabama Republican, said the committee would
also call senior officials from the agency to find out why an investigation was
not handled more promptly.

"We're deeply, deeply troubled," Mr. Shelby said.

Much of the information included in the report has already been publicized in
news accounts. The report offered new detail, however, on Mr. Deutch's actions
and the agency's response after it learned in December 1996 that Mr. Deutch had
kept significant amounts of classified information on government computers he
used at home.

Even Mr. Deutch's explanations for wanting to continue using the computers after
stepping down as director -- that he had personal financial records on them --
constituted a violation of rules prohibiting personal use of government
property.

According to the report, Mr. Deutch had been briefed on the risks of keeping
secrets on computers not specially encrypted and protected against espionage,
but brushed the warnings aside.

"Despite this knowledge, Deutch processed a large volume of highly classified
information on these unclassified computers, taking no steps to restrict access
to the information and thereby placing national security information at risk,"
the report said.

The report said he used five government computers in all, four of them with
modems that were not protected. Mr. Deutch heightened the security risk by using
the same computers for surfing the Internet, banking online and for sending
e-mail messages. He even used e-mail addresses with private services that could
have signaled his identity.

His "online identity" at the C.I.A. was "johnd@odci.gov," the report said.

Investigators determined that several of the Web sites Mr. Deutch visited left
markers on his computers -- known as "cookies" -- that allow companies to track
computer usage.

The inspector general's report did not specify what classified information was
found, but the investigation found that the computers' hard drives showed that
Mr. Deutch routinely drafted memorandums using or referring to the classified
documents, which among other things described official trips that the director
took. There was also a spread sheet evidently showing the budget of a classified
program from 1995 through 2001.

The report also revealed that agency records showed that Mr. Deutch "had
problems before becoming director with regard to the handling of classified
information." The report did not detail those problems, but Mr. Deutch
previously served as under secretary and deputy secretary of defense before
moving to the C.I.A.

The report accused two senior agency officials -- the former executive director,
Nora Slatkin, and the former general counsel, Michael O'Neill -- of acting in a
way that "had the effect of delaying a prompt and thorough investigation of this
matter."

The report also rebuked Mr. Deutch's successor as director of central
intelligence, George J. Tenet, saying he "should have involved himself more
forcefully to ensure a proper resolution of the matter."

The report suggested that the delays avoided the possibility of an investigation
under the independent counsel statute, which expired last year. The report noted
a similar case from 1996 involving a senior C.I.A. official who routinely wrote
classified documents on his home computer and a laptop and was later suspended,
demoted and given a two-year letter of reprimand.




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

NASD Orders Firm to Pay $4.3 Million To Schools in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana

                           January 22, 2002, Tuesday

By Lynn Hume

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



The National Association of Securities Dealers fined Hartford, Conn.-based Tower
Square Securities, Inc. $200,000 and ordered it to pay $4.3 million in
restitution to the Jefferson Parish, La., Public School System for losses
stemming from the alleged mishandling of the school system's deferred
compensation retirement plan.

The NASD also has filed complaints against Kevin B. Dermody, a former Tower
representative who persuaded the school system into hiring him as the retirement
fund's investment manager, and Randall J. Veselik, Dermody's business partner.
The complaints seek unspecified sanctions.

"We are pleased that the school system is to receive full restitution in this
case," Mary L. Schapiro, the president of the NASD's regulatory arm, said
yesterday. "The mishandling of investment portfolios is serious misconduct and
deserves meaningful and prompt sanctions."

According to the NASD, the school system's retirement plan was funded with
variable annuities prior to July 2000. Participants were allowed to direct their
individual deferred compensation amounts into one or more investment portfolios
or sub-accounts within the annuities.

But on July 26, Dermody became the school system's investment manager. He
proposed to liquidate the variable annuities held by the plan and to invest the
proceeds in mutual funds and other investments that would "mirror" the
performance of mutual fund selections made by individual plan participants.
Dermody claimed the plan's investment earnings would grow enough to be able to
offset any monetary penalties or charges resulting from the liquidation.

At Dermody's direction, the plan liquidated its holdings of $10.6 million in
variable annuities, incurring monetary penalties, or "surrender charges," of
more than $670,000. The proceeds were put into an account with Tower Square and
were used to buy insurance contracts and other instruments, including a
variable-life insurance contract issued by an insurance company affiliated with
Tower Square and unregistered securities issued by Hilltopper Enterprises, a
company set up by Dermody and Veselik.

Dermody made a total of about $845,000 in commissions on sales of the insurance
and securities, about $617,000 of which he received from Tower Square. However,
most of the funds invested with Hilltopper were lost through speculative
trading. And in late June, an independent audit of the school system's plan
revealed that liabilities to plan participants exceeded assets by more than $2.2
million.

The NASD charged Dermody lied to the school system. He claimed to have extensive
expertise in such investments and said that he was registered as an investment
adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. But Dermody had never served
as the investment manager of a deferred compensation plan and was never
registered as an investment adviser.

Neither Dermodynor Veselik responded to the NASD's requests for information or
testimony. The NASD charged that Tower Square failed to supervise Dermody.

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 519 words

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           March 24, 1993, Wednesday

INSIDE TALK - CRAIG DUNLAP A FLA. PORT AUTHORITY BY ANY OTHER NAME IS STILL A
PORT AUTHORITY

BYLINE: Craig Dunlap

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 795 words


The media are raking over the coals a certain governing body in Broward County,
Fla., for its alleged mishandling of a major construction project.

The familiar litany of allegations include misleading the public as to the
project's true cost, interfering with its staff, ignoring its own procurement
code, and handing out contracts to politically connected companies that lost ut
in the bidding process but were significant campaign contributors.

If it's Broward County, then it must be the Port Everglades Authority, right?

Wrong. The entity in question is the Broward County Commission, the same group
that will take control of Port Everglades in November 1994 when the port
authority is abolished at the request of county voters.

Fed up with a new port tax levy, the good-ol'-boy political network and
perceptions of improper handling of finances, county residents last year voted
to turn control of the port over to the county commission.

However, as is evident from the county commission's alleged mishandling of its
public safety complex construction project, many of the actions for which the
port authority was chastised are merely South Florida politics in action,
whether they take place in Fort Lauderdale, Miami or West Palm Beach.

Although a fear of jumping from the frying pan into the fire would be
understandable, a number of port users still believe the port should be better
off under county control.

But there are a number of "ifs" involved. The foremost question, port users say,
is whether the county commission will keep in place the majority of the staff
that, throughout the years of political meddling and occasional outright
incompetence on the commission, managed to keep the port growing and prosperous.

And without a strong county manager to serve as a buffer between the county
commission and the staff, the port might as well remain under port authority
control, they say.

In other words, port users are hoping the Broward County Commission has the
foresight to allow the port to operate as politically unfettered as does Dade
County's Port of Miami. One might hesitate to allow some Dade County
commissioners to operate heavy machinery, but they haven't overly meddled in the
affairs of the seaport over the years.

WHO WILL REALLY CONTROL PORT EVERGLADES?  Although the 1992 voter referendum
transfers control of Port Everglades to the county, a difficult battle for
control looms.

Eighty percent of the port is within the boundaries of the city of Hollywood.
The remainder is divided between Fort Lauderdale and Dania.

After the port referendum was approved, the state General Assembly passed a bill
preserving the cities' "home rule" rights to levy taxes, issue building permits,
rule on zoning matters and provide such services as fire, police and utilities.

Hollywood city officials claim they only want to provide the above services to
the port - for a fee, of course - and they have no desire to dictate port
policies.

However, a concern is that if a municipality objects to a certain project, such
as a stark 150-foot-tall container crane located within its jurisdiction, the
city could scuttle the project.

A year of tough county-city negotiations are on tap.

CRUISE LABOR BILL PUTS ILA IN TOUGH POSITION Florida's cruise port officials
fear a successful effort to ban subsidized foreign-flag cruise ships from U.S.
ports could drive the cruise lines that dominate the Caribbean waters to
offshore home ports.

They're also concerned that the same result could come from another legislative
effort that would bring foreign seafarers under U.S. labor laws.

With the Democrats now controlling both the White House and Congress, support
for the cruise labor bill is mounting, "taking on a life of its own," said
Carmen Lunetta, Miami port director.

Mr. Lunetta said he recently talked with John Bowers, who, as president of the
International Longshoremen's Association, is caught between a rock and a hard
place.

One the one hand, Mr. Bowers wants to show solidarity with the international
maritime unions. On the other, Mr. Lunetta said he told Mr. Bowers, if the
cruise lines abandon their U.S. home ports, that "will cost (the ILA) a lot of
jobs, a lot of hours" now worked handling passengers' baggage and ship supplies.

WE'LL JUST HAVE SOME WARM MILK On another cruise issue, industry consultant Jay
Lewis said one factor pointing toward healthy cruise growth prospects is that
the Baby Boomers are advancing into the prime cruise age span.

Rather than spending a week skiing or shooting the rapids, the graying boomers
are beginning to opt for more "sedentary vacations," such as cruising, Mr. Lewis
said.

Hmmph. I would have stood up to object, but my knees locked up.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH COLUMN

EDITOR-NOTE: INSIDE TALK - Craig Dunlap

                  Copyright 1993 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            September 4, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

State's claim to aid poor kids is hollow

BYLINE:  Frank Cerabino

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 787 words


Florida cares dearly about children.

OK, well, not actually the breathing, living and walking-around children.
They're pretty inconvenient.

I'm talking about the real unborn children. OK, well, to be more precise, the
remains of the aborted unborn children after their mothers agreed to donate them
for medical research.

We here in Florida are very, very concerned about those first-trimester-aborted,
discarded-organ-and-tissue children.

And we'll go to any length to make sure that their remains go in the trash
­rather than be donated by abortion- performing organizations like Planned
Parenthood for medical research.

Because we love children so much.

We're so concerned, that our Gov. Rick Scott dispatched investigators into the
state's 16 Planned Parenthood offices to show just how committed we are to stop
the practice of voluntary donations of discarded fetal tissue for medical
research.

Even though this doesn't actually go on in any of Florida's Planned Parenthood
offices.

But it was the symbolism that counts. The governor wanted to show that we
Floridians won't stand for some organization that allows women to exercise their
legal right to have an abortion, because we love children so much here in
Florida.

When this symbolic investigation was completed, the state Agency for Health Care
Administration wrote a proposed news release of its findings that said "there is
no evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains at any of the 16 clinics we
investigated across the state."

No evidence of mishandling of "fetal remains"? This was way too factual, and off
message.

So the governor's office removed the findings of its own regulators from the
news release.

Naturally. We love children too much to stand for unhelpful information that
might correct politically useful misguided hysteria.

Meanwhile, back in the world of actual Florida children, there have been some
new developments.

Two weeks ago, a letter written by 14 ­medical directors and assistant directors
throughout the state complained that new screening rules used by Florida's
Children's Medical Services are purging some of the state's most medically needy
children from the state's Medicaid managed care program.

The medical directors wrote that "vast ­changes" in the state's Medicaid
Management Assistance plan "have resulted in a significant decrease in access to
care for these vulnerable children."

Doctors have complained, for example, that newborn babies with HIV-positive
mothers are in need of immediate treatment, yet they are being refused admission
into Florida's managed care program because the state is trying to "screen
currently eligible children out of CMS," according to the Miami Herald.

Florida's Department of Health disputes the doctors' contention that Florida is
providing substandard care for the state's poor children, or trying to deny them
needed coverage.

"These children deserve our best, and the department is ­working to make sure
they get that," Health Department spokesperson Mara Burger wrote.

But Florida's Medicaid program is nationally one of the most poorly funded, and
it's constantly under attack by Florida's business-only leadership.

So needy and ­disabled kids with actual living tissue and functioning body
organs are having their futures put in jeopardy by a state that has a surplus of
money, due to rising real estate values, but would rather use that money as
welfare payments to financially healthy corporations.

About 6,000 ­medically needy children already have been purged from the state
program that causes pediatricians and other doctors to opt out because of
artificially stingy reimbursement rates, the Miami Herald wrote.

In December, a ruling by U.S. Circuit Judge Adalberto Jordan cataloged the
damage that ­Florida's woefully underfunded Medicaid program has done toward its
actual living children:

One-third of Florida's needy children don't have access to preventative medical
care; 79 percent of those kids get no dental services; and an "unacceptable
percentage of infants" don't get a single well-child visit in the first 18
months of their lives.

While the number of poor children with medical problems grows, the state's
underfunding of health care makes it harder for them to find the poorly
compensated doctors willing to treat them, the judge found.

"Children on Medicaid have to travel to other areas of the state and/or wait for
several months to obtain care," the judge wrote.

But like I said, these aren't the children that Florida really cares about.

When it comes to children, we're all about the culture of life.

Just not the life that happens to children once they are born.

fcerabino@pbpost.com

want more cerabino?

Read Frank Cerabino's recent columns online at mypalmbeachpost.com/cerabino

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 29, 2011 Saturday

State Supreme Court upholds board's decision to suspend attorney

BYLINE: The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


Oct. 29--A local attorney who drew attention in 2010 when he threatened to sue
Luzerne County's child-welfare agency has been suspended from practicing law for
four years after he effectively ignored several of his clients, according to
court documents.

The state Supreme Court, upholding a state disciplinary board's recommendation,
found that James D. Hayward Jr. "neglected five separate legal matters" ranging
from a Carbon County couple's land dispute, a foreclosure case and a
landlord-tenant dispute.

In the cases, Hayward was often difficult to reach and one couple resorted to
slipping notes under that attorney's office door.

Hayward also accepted $1,500 from a client for various legal matters, completed
little to no work and never refunded the money, according to court documents.

The Disciplinary Board of the state Supreme Court found aggravating
circumstances in Hayward's case, such as his failure to participate in hearings
regarding the matters. Hayward had also been previously suspended for one year
and a day for mishandling a bankruptcy case.

The four-year suspension handed down earlier this week will run consecutively to
the prior, one-year suspension. Hayward has also been suspended from U.S.
Bankruptcy Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania for five years after
mishandling nine cases, according to court documents.

Hayward, a former Wilkes-Barre firefighter and city administrator, declined to
comment Friday.

In the summer of 2010, Hayward launched a campaign against Luzerne County
Children and Youth Services, organizing a rally near his office and threatening
a federal lawsuit on behalf of parents who said the agency unfairly stripped
their parental rights. Hayward never filed the lawsuit.

___ (c)2011 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111029-YC-State-Supreme-Court-upholds-board-s-decision-to-suspend-attorney-102
9-20111029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2011 The Citizens' Voice


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Journal of Commerce

                            January 23, 2006 Monday

The other cargo-security threat

BYLINE: BY ROBERT F. CATON

SECTION: COLUMNS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 805  words


Terrorism continues to be the major transportation security concern. Even prior
to Sept. 11, cargo theft was low on law enforcement's list of priorities. Today,
one wonders whether theft is getting any attention at all. Statistics indicate
that cargo theft is rising annually. Insurers estimate that more than $40
billion of merchandise has been stolen in North America alone.

Cargo theft can be the most complicated of crimes to investigate, especially
because it doesn't fall in the mainstream of investigative responsibilities.
When dealing with the supply chain, handling a simple theft can fall over
several jurisdictional boundaries, making it difficult for any one agency to
take ownership of the investigation.

A Unisys study nearly 15 years ago indicated that an average air-cargo shipment
is handled 16 to 32 times from the shipper to the consignee. Consider a shipment
that starts in Toronto, is trucked through New York to JFK Airport and
ultimately is delivered in London. If, upon arrival at the consignee's
warehouse, the cargo is found to be pilfered, where does the investigation
begin? Which law-enforcement agency will investigate?

In this example, the freight has traveled through the following jurisdictions:
Toronto Police, Canadian Customs, U.S. Customs, New York State Police, New York
City Police, JFK Airport Police, FBI, British Customs and finally Scotland Yard.

Because of that complexity, I refer to current law-enforcement philosophy as a
"red-handed" crime - meaning someone must be caught in the act, within a given
jurisdiction, before a law-enforcement entity will dedicate resources to the
crime. This poses a significant security risk if cargo theft continues without
proper investigation.

Agencies such as the Department of Transportation or Transportation Security
Administration can't coordinate jurisdictional issues because they are not
law-enforcement entities. In most cases where criminal activity is expected,
they must contact another law-enforcement agency to act on their suspicions.

An example: An FAA dangerous-goods inspector does not have the authority to hold
up a shipment that may not be in regulatory compliance, yet will fine the
carrier $25,000 if the cargo, which is later found to be noncompliant, is
shipped. The TSA is limited in its ability to hold a suspect shipment and may
need the assistance of Customs and Border Protection, which can hold, retrieve
or seize a shipment.

The main security concern is focused on terrorism and possible criminal activity
that impacts human life, leaving little room for attention to cargo theft. This
is a serious flaw, considering a shipment's vulnerability to terrorism.

Law-enforcement agencies and prosecutors are hard-pressed for time to
investigate and prosecute reported thefts. Many believe carriers and warehouse
operators are reporting only a fraction of the volume of thefts actually
occurring.

Technology could help investigators. By forming a simple reporting method and
creating a database to retrieve and sort information, it is conceivable that an
automated system could help detect theft patterns.

Carriers and warehouse operators typically encounter various scenarios:

-- When less than a full complement of a shipment arrives at a warehouse, it
could mean the cargo was mishandled at the origin point. Therefore,
correspondence between multiple locations is necessary before cargo loss is
reported as a theft to authorities.

-- A full shipment that has arrived at a warehouse and subsequently found to be
short either is identified as a "no-locate" and a warehouse search is conducted,
or considered an unintentional mis-delivery, and a non-theft investigation takes
place.

Carriers and warehouse operators consider these scenarios before acknowledging
theft has occurred. Police tend to believe that 80 percent of what is deemed
lost to mishandling actually has been stolen. Carriers and warehouse operators
believe that only 40 percent of mishandling results in cargo theft. In any case,
carriers and warehouse operators only report these cargo irregularities when
mishandling events are ruled out.

Therefore, it could be days or weeks before cargo-handling irregularities are
reported as theft. Delayed reporting further hinders investigators' ability to
solve theft.

A simple database and a structured reporting method along with a group of
knowledgeable and experienced cargo-theft investigators are needed. As an
industry, we can no longer sit idly by knowing that cargo theft could lead to
more significant security risks. We must create our own cargo-theft reporting
network to protect the industry against criminal activity that poses a greater
risk to cargo security.

Robert F. Caton is president of Cargo Shipping Transportation Analysts in New
York. He can be contacted at (631) 862-1259 or at RFCaton@csta-intl.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: EDJ


                   Copyright 2006 Commonwealth Business Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                             April 20, 2007, Friday

Bar Court Rebukes Lawyer for Mishandling Capital Appeal

BYLINE:  By a MetNews Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 696 words


A Sacramento attorney should be reproved and placed on probation for one year
for failing to complete an appellate brief in connection with a capital appeal,
the State Bar Court Review Department said yesterday.

The three-judge panel recommended that the state Supreme Court impose the
penalty on Thomas L. Riordan for his mishandling of the appeal of Richard
Turner, a convicted murderer sentenced to death in San Bernardino Superior Court
in 1988.

Riordan was appointed to represent Turner in 1991. He was

The State Bar investigated Riordan after the high court held him in contempt and
removed him from the case in 2001 for failing to file the opening brief despite
being granted eight extensions of time in which to do so. Following a hearing,
State Bar Court Judge Joann M. Remke-now the presiding judge-recommended
reproval, but no penalty beyond that.

State Bar counsel sought review, seeking an actual 60-day suspension. The Review
Department, however, concluded that a six-month stayed suspension and one year
of probation would be an adequate penalty.

The Review Department explained that Riordan, despite only minimal criminal law
experience, none of it in capital cases, applied for appointment at the urging
of a partner in the firm with which he was then affiliated. Several months after
Riordan took on the case, the high court appointed Santa Barbara criminal law
specialist Robert Sanger as his co-counsel.

The appellate record was certified in July 1999 and the opening brief was due in
August of that year. In August of the following year, the high court granted a
seventh extension but said no further extensions were contemplated, and when
counsel asked for an eighth extension, the court ordered the brief filed by Dec.
12, 2000 and declared: "No further extensions of time will be granted."

The brief was not filed by that date, and a ninth extension was requested. The
high court denied the request, and on Feb. 21, 2001, with the brief still
unfiled, Riordan moved to withdraw and have Sanger continue as sole counsel; the
high court denied the request, ordered that the brief be filed by July 31, 2001,
and warned Riordan and Sanger that they faced contempt or other sanctions if the
brief was not filed on that date.

The brief was not filed by that date, and an OSC was issued on Aug. 15. In
November, the court removed Riordan from the case; it subsequently found him in
contempt and ordered him to repay more than $ 42,000 in interim fees and to pay
a fine of $ 1,000.

Riordan's then-firm paid the money, but asked him to seek employment elsewhere.
He is now with another Sacramento firm.

Sanger finished the brief and filed it in May 2002. The conviction and death
sentence were affirmed in 2004.

In an opinion by Judge Madge Watai, the Review Department found that Riordan
failed to perform competently, failed to comply with court orders, and committed
a further violation by waiting more than three years to notify the State Bar of
the sanctions imposed by the Supreme Court.

The Review Department rejected Riordan's contention that he was not culpable
because he drafted a proposed brief, although he did not file it because Sanger
and the assisting attorney at the California Appellate Project both deemed it
inadequate. The judge cited the attorney's time records, which showed that he
did little work on the appeal in 2000 or 2001; if he was in over his head, the
judge reasoned, Riordan should have moved to withdraw earlier.

"Given the length of time respondent was involved in the appeal, it is simply
inexplicable that he could not or did not either obtain adequate assistance or
take timely steps to withdraw, particularly in a case involving the death
penalty where diligent representation was of paramount importance," Watai said.

The judge also rejected the argument that it was unnecessary for Riordan to
self-report the sanctions because they had been reported by the clerk of the
Supreme Court. The State Bar Act, she explained, imposes an independent duty on
counsel to report contempt orders and sanctions.

Riordan could not be reached for comment yesterday evening.



LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2007 Metropolitan News Company


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 11, 2014, Sunday

TITLE IX COMPLIANCE;
Colleges schooled on ending `rape culture'

BYLINE: Mackenzie Mays, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1358 words


FAIRMONT - With a national push for better Title IX compliance and more and more
schools facing consequences for mishandling sexual-harassment cases on campus,
officials from West Virginia's colleges came together for the first time last
week to learn how to protect students from harm - and themselves from lawsuits.

Amy Niedzalkoski, an attorney who works for the U.S. Department of Education's
Office for Civil Rights and specializes in Title IX - a law that forbids gender
discrimination at schools that receive federal funding - spoke to dozens of
state college representatives in Fairmont last week in light of recent
high-profile cases at schools across the country that have been scrutinized for
turning a blind eye to a "rape culture on campus.

The Office for Civil Rights is in charge of investigating any potential
mishandling of a school's own investigation and has the right to terminate
federal funding at that school if there's evidence of a Title IX violation.

As part of the White House's "Not Alone campaign, ongoing federal investigations
of possible Title IX violations are public for the first time, as of last week.
Two of West Virginia's colleges, Bethany and the School of Osteopathic Medicine,
are on the list.

Niedzalkoski's main advice for administrators on how to handle sexual-assault
allegations was "document, document, document.

"A lot of times, a case is going to depend on documentation. We want to see
you're trying to do everything you could do and you're trying to work around
whatever obstacle you have, Niedzalkoski said. "We say that a school is on the
hook once they know or should have known about the harassing conduct. It's not
enough to turn a blind eye. If something turns up in your school newspaper about
a gang rape at a party, you're on notice, even if the alleged victims don't come
forward.

Between 20 percent and 25 percent of women are victims of rape or attempted rape
during their time in college, according to the Campus Sexual Assault Study Final
Report. About 6 percent of men experience an attempted or completed sexual
assault while in college.

While Niedzalkoski urged the importance of the law and the consequences of
"deliberate indifference from a school's staff, she acknowledged the
difficulties of complying, calling many aspects of the law "tricky.

Sometimes, a victim of sexual assault doesn't want the school's help. While it's
the school's job to spread the word about students being "mandatory reporters of
an assault, it's hard to get them to tell a friend's secret. There's also fear
from administrators of possible Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
violations.

"Confidentiality is probably, single-handedly, the most complicated issue I've
seen colleges wrestle with, Niedzalkoski said.

And what about when a sexual assault happens off campus?

"Sometimes, there's confusion and frustration about the off-campus piece. We get
that the problem is an assault that happened off campus, but all the
repercussions are coming onto your campus, like the further harassment of a
victim who can't focus on her studies or is afraid on campus, Niedzalkoski said.
"It's now become your problem. It doesn't matter that it happened off campus.

Schools should make their policies on sexual harassment as detailed as possible
and easy to find on their school website, Niedzalkoski said.

It's also important to spread the word about not only the consequences of
sexually assaulting someone on campus, but about the protection a school can
provide a victim - like offering amnesty for underage drinking if it relates to
a case.

At least 50 percent of sexual assaults of college students involve the use of
alcohol or drugs by the perpetrator, the victim or both, according to a study on
sexual assault conducted in 2007.

"We're not saying that drinking on campus is not an important problem. However,
being drunk doesn't give someone permission to assault you, and we want to see
it made very clear, in policies, that a student who reports that she was
sexually assaulted while she was intoxicated is not going to be penalized
because she was intoxicated, she said. "You want to encourage people to come
forward. You don't want to have this chilling effect where a very serious civil
rights violation is happening because they're afraid of an underage-drinking
citation.

The constant flow of hands raised at the Title IX conference, hosted by the West
Virginia Foundation for Rape Information and Services, was telling, said Lisa
Martin, director of student conduct at Marshall University.

"Everybody is on pins and needles. I think everybody's interpretation of what's
out there is different. You could ask 20 different people and they'd have 20
different answers, Martin said. "That's why people are panicking. They don't
know what to do.

Martin said that while the national push to highlight sexual assault on campus
is encouraging, you can't accomplish much without funding.

"It's stressful because, when they realized drinking was a problem, they poured
money into the drinking campaign, she said. "But they haven't poured any money
into this. So if you're doing an investigation and you have another job on
campus, the investigation takes up a lot of your time. You need more people and
resources so you can get everything done.

Leah Tolliver, coordinator of Marshall University's Women's Center, has worked
as an advocate for sexual-assault victims for more than a decade, and said the
most important thing a school can do is create a strong policy about the issue
and promote it as much as possible.

"Somebody is victimized and they don't receive the help they need, so they don't
come back the next semester. But who stays? The offender. It behooves
universities to really be able to be proactive and educate our students -
encouraging them to speak out when they see the red flags that lead to these
types of things, she said. "We have a responsibility to make sure our students
speak out against it and also provide training for administration - but it's not
always easy.

Tolliver said another important aspect is the content of an
anti-sexual-harassment campaign.

"We can't have this approach that is, What are you doing to make sure that you
don't get raped?' This reduce your vulnerability' method isn't just offensive,
it's ineffective. It does not work, because you don't have any control over
other people's actions - you only have control over your own actions. You can do
all the right things and still be a victim, she said. "So now we're looking at
the bystander approach. How do we, as a society, in our campus environment, take
responsibility?

Dawn Rae Smith, a campus police officer at Concord University, said students
living on their own for the first time in a campus environment creates "a
perfect storm.

"College campuses house a unique dynamic. As a law enforcement officer operating
within that dynamic, my hope is, by addressing the issue of sexual violence with
universities, we can create a healthy campus climate and educate to prevent
future assaults, Smith said. "A theme I see is students may not know what a
healthy relationship looks like, or they struggle with defining boundaries. As
the nation learns together, we need to look at the problem of sexual violence on
campuses as a whole. What mindset can we change or deprogram? Students need to
know they have a voice.

Smith said the national push already is making a difference, but in order for
there to be big change, there needs to be big involvement.

"The national spotlight is starting some great conversations on college
campuses. [Neither] Law enforcement nor universities can predict the actions of
an individual who chooses to commit a crime. What we, as law enforcement, can do
is promote safety and educate the campus community on prevention tips and what
to do if someone becomes affected by a sexual assault, she said. "Awareness is a
starting point. It is going to take effort to ensure compliance with the
president's vision, and that effort will have to come from the campus, law
enforcement and community working together as a team.

Reach Mackenzie Mays at mackenzie.mays@wvgazette.com or at 304-348-4814.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 29, 2011 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Looking for Answers In a Player's Death

BYLINE: By JAMES CARD

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 811 words


MEMPHIS -- A year after the body of the veteran N.B.A. player Lorenzen Wright
was discovered in a wooded area in this city's southeast suburbs, family and
friends gathered Thursday for a candlelight vigil outside the FedEx Forum to
draw attention to the still-unsolved killing.

Wright, a 34-year-old father of six who played high school, college and
professional basketball here, died of multiple gunshot wounds. His badly
decomposed body was found July 28, 2010, 10 days after he was last seen alive.

Since the murder, the police have not made any arrests, named any suspects or
persons of interest, or revealed to the public the existence of any noteworthy
evidence. A search warrant was served at the home of Wright's former wife to
look for firearms and a cellphone, but none were found.

''There are no additional updates,'' said Sgt. Karen Rudolph, a spokeswoman for
the Memphis Police Department.

Atop the Rock 'n' Soul Museum next door, an electronic billboard displayed
Wright's image. Approximately 200 people wearing Grizzlies T-shirts and No. 42
jerseys gathered around Wright's family members, who held framed portraits of
him. They announced a new scholarship in his name for at-risk children.

''He was just as great off the court as he was on the court,'' Memphis Mayor A.
C. Wharton Jr. said. ''In the memory of Lorenzen Wright, the family came
together, not to curse the darkness but to let us light a candle.''

James Harvey, the commissioner for Shelby County, asked for more donations to
raise reward money for the case. A microphone was passed around, and people
recounted how Wright had touched their lives. People bowed their heads for a
moment of silent prayer as the sound of blues music rolled off Beale Street.
People touched their candles wick to wick, recited the 23rd Psalm and joined
together in singing a hymn.

Although the criminal case has not moved forward, Wright's family last week
filed two civil lawsuits accusing the authorities of mishandling the
investigation.

Herb Wright and Deborah Marion, Wright's parents, are suing Shelby County in
Tennessee and the cities of Germantown and Collierville for $2 million in
damages, citing gross negligence, wrongful death, mishandling a human corpse,
emotional distress, pain and suffering, and the violation of civil rights
guaranteed by the 14th Amendment -- the last because Wright, they claim, was
denied access to police services.

Citing similar reasons, Sherra Wright, Wright's ex-wife, is suing those cities,
their police departments and three 911 dispatchers for $2 million in damages and
an another $1.8 million on behalf of the couple's six children.

On July 19, 2010, after Wright called 911 on his cellphone, dispatchers in
Germantown heard a man cursing, followed by a number of gunshots. The line went
dead. The dispatchers called back but got no answer. According to depositions
given by the 911 employees on duty, the dispatchers were unable to pinpoint the
location on the Automatic Location Indicator screen, only that the call was made
from outside the Germantown jurisdiction. They did not inform a supervisor of
the call until the 27th, five days after Wright's mother reported him missing.

The last person to see Wright alive was his former wife, on July 18. In an
affidavit from July 27, Sherra Wright stated he left her rented home with cash
and drugs and that she heard him say on the phone that he was going to ''flip
something for $110,000.'' He left in a car with an unidentified driver.

Wright's 6-foot-11 body had been reduced to 57 pounds when it was found in an
isolated patch of woods bordered by big-box stores and strip malls, a private
golf club, suburban homes and an unfinished subdivision.

The autopsy report concluded the cause of death was multiple gunshot wounds.
There were two shots to Wright's head, two bullets in his chest and bullet
fragments in his right forearm. ''Additional gunshot wounds cannot be
excluded,'' the report noted. The bullets were fired from small- and
medium-caliber firearms.

''I think there is no connection between the people that killed Lorenzen Wright
and Memphis,'' said Buddy Chapman, director of Crimestoppers and a former
Memphis police director. ''I think the killers came here from somewhere else. I
think they came here to send a message.''

In a 13-year professional career with five teams, including the Memphis
Grizzlies, Wright earned an estimated $55 million. But he had financial
problems. In January 2010, his $1.3 million home in Atlanta was repossessed, as
was a home near Memphis. He was also in arrears on his $26,000-per-month alimony
and child-support obligations.

A year after Wright's death, at the spot where his body was found, plastic
flowers and four stuffed animals lay rotted by rain and bleached by the sun.
Atop a fencepost hung a toy dog, a teddy bear and a tinsel pompom with the
Grizzlies' team colors.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:  Jareba Vassar spoke at a candlelight vigil in memory of the
N.B.A. veteran Lorenzen Wright. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ROLLIN A. RIGGS FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      FEBRUARY 8, 2000 Tuesday SF EDITION

EX-CIA CHIEF DECLINES TO TESTIFY ON MISHANDLING OF SECRETS

BYLINE: Jonathan S. Landay, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Former CIA Director John Deutch declined yesterday to testify this week before
the Senate Intelligence Committee on his mishandling of classified materials.

The panel has asked Deutch to testify in a closed session tomorrow about why he
stored memos to President Clinton, details of covert operations, and other
classified documents on unsecured home computers when he headed the CIA from
1995 to 1996.

The computers were used to access the Internet, raising concerns that the data
they contained could have been stolen by skilled hackers.

Deutch's lawyer cited time constraints in turning down the invitation to
testify, a committee staffer said.

Asked whether the committee, which can vote to subpoena witnesses, would force
Deutch to appear, the staffer replied: "The committee is considering all of its
options." He would not elaborate.

As Deutch was leaving his post at the end of 1996, CIA security officers
discovered about 75 files, totaling some 250 pages of classified materials, on
three unclassified computers that the agency lent him for use at home.

The case was referred last April to the Justice Department, which declined to
prosecute him. In August, CIA Director George Tenet revoked Deutch's security
clearances.

At that time, the Pentagon also revoked clearances that had allowed Deutch
access to top-secret military intelligence. Deutch served in two senior Defense
Department posts before joining the CIA and is now a professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

But defense officials let Deutch keep an industrial security clearance, letting
him continue serving as a paid consultant on defense contracts with MIT and
several defense firms, including Raytheon Corp.

Such clearances are held by thousands of people, mostly defense contractors, and
provide access to information on defense technologies.

Yesterday, Defense Secretary William S. Cohen said Pentagon officials were
reviewing Deutch's industrial security clearance.

Cohen said more evidence was required to warrant lifting an industrial clearance
than a clearance that provides access to military intelligence.

Cohen also said Pentagon legal officials would review Deutch's handling of
classified materials while he served as deputy secretary of defense from 1994
until May 1995.

The Pentagon has "no information" that Deutch compromised any defense secrets,
Cohen said. But he said he was stumped by Deutch's mishandling of the materials
found on his computers.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 11, 1999, Saturday,

FBI arrests lab physicist in spy probe;
 Wen Ho Lee could face life in prison if guilty of mishandling files, but he is
not charged with giving secrets to anyone.

BYLINE: DAVID A. VISE The Washington Post

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 634 words


Nuclear physicist Wen Ho Lee, a central figure in the government's espionage
investigation at Los Alamos National Laboratory, was arrested Friday in New
Mexico. He was charged with 59 counts of mishandling classified information and
violating secrecy provisions of the Atomic Energy Act. Some of the counts carry
a maximum sentence of life in prison.

FBI agents arrested Lee at his modest ranch-style home outside Los Alamos and
took him to Albuquerque, where he was arraigned before a U.S. magistrate and
ordered held without bail until a detention hearing on Monday.

His arrest came after a federal grand jury handed up a sweeping indictment that
charged Lee with downloading vast quantities of highly sensitive information
related to the design, construction and testing of nuclear weapons from a
classified computing network at Los Alamos to his unsecure office computer and
to 10 portable tapes, seven of which are missing.

In the indictment, Lee is charged with counts that carry life sentences for
violating the Atomic Energy Act and a provision in the espionage statutes that
carries a 10-year prison term for gross negligence in the handling of classified
defense information. However, the indictment does not allege that Lee passed
secret information to China or any other foreign government.

"The case is being prosecuted because Wen Ho Lee has denied the United States
its exclusive dominion and control over some of this nation's most sensitive
nuclear secrets," John J. Kelly, the U.S. attorney in Albuquerque, told a news
conference.

"Although he has not been charged with communicating classified information to a
foreign power, the mishandling of classified information alleged in the
indictment has resulted in serious damage to important national interests,"
Kelly said.

Mark Holscher, Lee's attorney at the Los Angeles firm of O'Melveny & Myers,
denounced the indictment as "a horrible injustice" and said that the government
is "blatantly overreaching and wholly unjustified" in seeking to have Lee held
without bail, since Lee has already surrended his passport.

"He has been under 24-hour, seven-day-a-week surveillance since March 1999, even
though the government has fully acknowledged that it has no evidence that he
engaged in any espionage activities," Holscher said.

In a separate letter faxed to Kelly four hours prior to the indictment, Holscher
said Lee is ready to take a polygraph examination to establish his innocence and
will immediately provide prosecutors with "credible and verifiable" information
showing that "at no time did he mishandle those tapes in question and to confirm
that he did not provide those tapes to any third party."

Lee's indictment, approved by Attorney General Janet Reno, comes after months of
political furor over suspected Chinese espionage at the nation's nuclear weapons
labs.

The FBI committed massive resources to its probe of Lee's activities at Los
Alamos, even as officials acknowledged a lack of evidence that he passed secret
information to any foreign power.

The FBI said Lee's indictment was based on work by more than 60 agents and
computer specialists who conducted over 1,000 interviews and searched more than
a million computer files. Another 200 FBI agents have been involved in watching
Lee 24 hours a day since April, U.S. officials said.

Lee, a 59-year-old U.S. citizen who was born in Taiwan, was fired in March for
mishandling classified information and failing to report contacts with Chinese
scientists after working for almost 20 years in the top-secret X Division at Los
Alamos, which designed America's most advanced nuclear warhead, the W-88.

At the time, authorities identified Lee as the prime suspect in a three-year
probe into China's apparent theft of nuclear secrets.


LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             June 16, 2005 Thursday
                                National Edition

U.S. marshals prepared to arrest Dr. Death: Australia wants him to return to
face possible murder charges

BYLINE: National Post news services

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 647  words


U.S. marshals are ready to arrest fugitive surgeon Dr. Jayant Patel after
Australian officials sought the help of the U.S. media to track down the man
nicknamed "Dr. Death," who has been linked to the deaths of 87 Australian
patients and could face murder charges.

Dr. Patel, a U.S. citizen who was trained in India and has already been barred
from surgery in two U.S. states, is reportedly in Portland, Ore. He left
Australia in March after being linked to the deaths at the regional Bundaberg
Base Hospital in Queensland state in 2003 and 2004.

Last Friday, an official inquiry into the deaths, headed by lawyer Tony Morris,
recommended he face murder, negligence and fraud charges. Government officials
have said they would seek his extradition.

Peter Beattie, the Queensland Premier, said on Tuesday he had sent two
government officials to Portland to conduct a media blitz with newspapers, radio
and TV stations in the city.

"If we send a clear message, then we believe we'll put appropriate pressure on
him to return to Queensland," Mr. Beattie said at Los Angeles International
Airport as he detailed his plan to flush out the doctor.

"Extradition of an American citizen here in the United States is incredibly
difficult. We know that but are prepared to go down that road."

The two officials will also meet Dr. Patel's lawyer and deliver a formal summons
for him to return to Australia. If he refuses, Australian arrest warrants would
be channelled to marshals through the U.S. Justice Department and Dr. Patel
could be arrested quickly, the Brisbane Courier-Mail reported today.

Mr. Beattie said he knew that extradition of Americans was difficult after the
Sept. 11, 2001, attacks but he hoped U.S. publicity would convince Dr. Patel to
return to answer the charges.

"Part of the government's strategy is to spread the message that Patel should
not be allowed to work as a doctor anywhere until he returns to Queensland to
account for his conduct in Bundaberg," said Mr. Beattie, who is in the United
States on a trade mission.

Queensland authorities are prepared to pay the doctor's airfare and
accommodation if he returns voluntarily, although Mr. Beattie said he would not
give him immunity in return for his testimony.

Rod Welford, the state's Attorney-General, has said Dr. Patel was "interested"
in giving his own account of the scandal and had indicated this through his
Portland-based lawyer.

Dr. Patel began working at the Bundaberg hospital in 2003 after a 20-year career
of botched operations and surgical malpractice claims that saw him barred from
performing surgery in New York state and Oregon. He failed to disclose his
checkered record when applying for the job in Australia.

An investigation into numerous suspicious deaths at Bundaberg was launched in
March after a nurse sounded the alarm over Dr. Patel's alleged mishandling of
surgeries.

The inquiry later received information linking him to as many as 87 patient
deaths.

In hearings in the Queensland capital, Brisbane, last month, nurses testified
that Dr. Patel's mishandling of cases was well known at Bundaberg and that staff
even hid patients so he could not harm them.

Patients have detailed a number of botched procedures by Dr. Patel, including an
elderly man who had a syringe left in his stomach, a woman whose urethra was
accidentally severed and a 28-year-old man left impotent after the surgeon
operated on him.

An interim report presented to the Queensland state government on Friday by Mr.
Morris recommended that the 55-year-old surgeon be charged with murder or
manslaughter for the death of James Phillips, who had terminal cancer.

Mr. Phillips died five days after having part of his oesophagus removed by Dr.
Patel. Several other doctors at the hospital had refused to perform the surgery,
saying it had no chance of success and would increase the patient's suffering,
according to investigators.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 7, 1991, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CITY AGENCIES MISHANDLED MONEY, STUDY SAYS

BYLINE: Robert L. Koenig and Jo Mannies Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 548 words


The city's Land Reutilization Authority and related agencies ''improperly
handled'' $251,000, including $190,438 that was deposited at least 20 months
late, a federal report says.  The study by the General Accounting Office, the
investigative arm of Congress, was done at the request of Rep. William L. Clay,
D-St. Louis, and was obtained Tuesday by the Post-Dispatch.  The report,
examining records from 1985-89, confirms some conclusions of a state audit
released last year as well as those of a public accounting firm and of city
auditors.  The seven-page GAO report also comes on the heels of an audit by the
U.S.  Department of Housing and Urban Development that called on City Hall to
repay $50,415 in federal block-grant money.  HUD auditors said that money had
been misused by the same city agencies to pay employees real estate commissions
for selling property that the city had bought using block grants between 1986
and 1988.  The city's development director, J. Christopher Grace, said,
''Whatever problem s existed at LRA were corrected more than two years ago. LRA
has run smoothly ever since the staff was merged with five other
quasi-independent city development agencies to form the St. Louis Development
Corp.'' The LRA and the others were set up by state law. Grace became
development director in July 1989.  ''The LRA commission became aware of these
problems more than three years ago and acted quickly to correct them,'' Grace
added.  ''We're pleased that the GAO found no problems with the agencies since
1989.'' In the GAO study, federal investigators examined LRA and Operation
Impact - a non-profit quasi-governmental agency. Both the LRA and Impact
acquire, sell and develop properties obtained through foreclosure or donation -
as did LRA Real Estate, a private company set up by the agencies in 1986 that is
now defunct.  The GAO found that, from 1985-89, the ''lack of cash receipt and
reconciliation controls'' at the LRA and related agencies ''allowed several
instances of untimely and misplaced deposits.'' The $251,000 in receipts that
the GAO said were ''improperly handled'' included: $190,438 in receipts that
were recorded in the LRA's accounting records ''for the period January-November
1987, but were not deposited until July 1989.'' $61,122 in checks, received from
August 1987 to June 1989, that ''were not recorded or deposited until after Aug.
17, 1989.'' The GAO said that that money included $50,033 for LRA, $9,270 for
Operation Impact, and $1,819 for LRA Real Estate.  Michele L. Bogdanovich, a
staff aide to Clay in Washington, said Tuesday that Clay was concerned about the
GAO study but had no immediate comment.  Sources said the GAO was expected to
report separately on a related question involving the St. Louis Housing
Authority and City Hall.  Bogdanovich said that ''because the organizational
structure of the LRA and the other agencies was so convoluted, the GAO had
problems determining whether certain situations presented conflicts of
interest.'' She said the GAO posed those questions of potential conflict to HUD
auditors, who found problems in their further investigation. She said the HUD
inspector general's office was ''looking further'' into related questions about
the LRA's use of federal block grant money.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 28, 1990, THURSDAY, THREE STAR Edition

REOPEN CONTRA AFFAIR

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 1107 words


The investigation into the Iran-Contra affair should be reopened. The matter has
been mishandled.  President Bush, when working as vice president to former
President Ronald Reagan, was totally involved in attempting to get the hostages
released.  And from the information I recently heard on a TV talk show, the
dates that Bush was working to have the hostages released made the timing of a
release date too coincidental to Reagan's inauguration.  The program also
pointed out that while a certain degree of secrecy is needed when such
negotiations are being discussed, the secrecy of bargaining to get Reagan all
the credit on the day of his inauguration certainly implies that both Reagan and
Bush were in this together.  The fact that weapons were sold to the Contras to
encourage a war that was voted down by Congress has been blamed on everyone in
the middle of the transaction, when the responsibility should be placed at the
top. If Reagan and Bush were the principals in originating this deal, why then
were they not held accountable for the results?  I encourage my legislators to
make every effort to help get the Iran-Contra investigation reopened.  John W.
Van Horn St. Peters HEADLINE: A Class Act Former Police Commissioner John Frank
is to be commended for his assistance in obtaining probation for former police
officer Anthony D. Daniele on his kidnapping charge.  I have served with Frank
on the Police Pension Board, and he is a man of principle. I consider it a
privilege to know such a man. My congratulations to Judge Brendan Ryan on his
compassion and understanding regarding Daniele.  In the case of extortion, for
which Daniele is serving a prison sentence, it is my opinion and that of many
others that Daniele was a victim of circumstances and is not guilty of these
accusations.  I met Daniele in October 1984 and served with him on the Police
Pension Board until his resignation. During this time, Daniele had the
policemen's welfare at heart, and at no time was he guilty of any improprieties.
Daniele is not a vicious man as St. Louis Circuit Attorney George Peach has
presented him to be. He deserves every consideration possible. Daniele is not,
nor would he ever be, a threat to our society.  Mario J. Vegessi Trustee Police
Pension Retirement System St. Louis HEADLINE: Concern For Addicts This is in
response to the June 15 Commentary article by Jerry Clinton, president of Grey
Eagle Distributing, regarding drug use in the work place.  Clinton made numerous
references to Joseph S. Cannavo Jr., a local arbitrator.  On behalf of Cannavo,
I would like to say that I have known him for several years. I cannot think of
too many people who have shown as much concern with problems arising from the
use of drugs in the community as he has.  I know that Cannavo has joined his son
in visiting schools and encouraging young people to celebrate sober. He has
sponsored and chaperoned substance-free parties for teen-agers. Presently, he is
engaged in a battle to secure legal custody of an 11-year-old child whose life
was shattered by an addicted parent.  Clinton obviously does not realize that
recovery is an ongoing process and that his employee will be recovering for the
rest of his life. He also doesn't realize that denial is a major factor in
addiction.  I understand that the employee whose reinstatement so outraged
Clinton has worked for him for 13 years. The employee also served his country on
two tours of duty in Vietnam, where his addiction began due to the traumas of
that war.  Does Clinton want to be known as the community leader who put such a
man on the street when alternatives were available?  Jack Risco St. Louis
HEADLINE: Directions, Please In his June 24 letter, C.J. Niehoff states that he
was waved into a sobriety checkpoint as he ''exited Interstate 55 in Fenton.''
If Neihoff exited I-55 and ended up in Fenton - about five miles away and across
the Meramec River from that particular interstate - he ought to have been pulled
over.  Jim Dustin St. Charles

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 2, 2012 Monday

Fireworks sales booming in Spartanburg County, ahead of July Fourth holiday

BYLINE: Dustin Wyatt, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 838 words


July 02--Owners selling brighter, louder blasts; urge safety on Fourth of July

Shelves inside firework stores are lined with artillery shells, Roman candles,
missiles and firecrackers, awaiting customers who are looking to bring in the
Fourth of July with a bang.

But to firework retailers in Spartanburg, the business is experiencing a boom of
its own.

"The firework market has been pretty steady," said Paul Abbott, co-owner of
Abbott Farms, with five stores throughout the Upstate. "I think it's actually
been improving. We are selling more now than we were five years ago."

Georgia and North Carolina have a short fuse on the types of fireworks that are
allowed to be shot or sold, both only allowing non-aerial fireworks.

Daryl Brock, co-owner of Poor Paul's Fireworks, said his Cowpens store attracts
travelers from other states as they drive along Interstate 85.

"Fireworks are illegal or limited in a lot of other states," said Brock, who
also owns a store on Asheville Highway with other members of his family. "South
Carolina is one of the most lenient states on fireworks."

There are 42 firework stands or shops in Spartanburg County and 1,410 in the
state, according to the S.C. Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation.

Recession proof

Brock said the economy or the recession doesn't affect firework sales.

"The only thing that affects sales is the weather, and we have been really busy
the past week," he said. "It looks like it's going to be a good Fourth."

Abbott says the explosion of interest could be due to increased patriotism among
residents or improvements to fireworks during the past few years.

"We have seen some really good fireworks that are far beyond what we might would
have had 5 or 10 years ago," he said. "There's larger, more powerful explosions
with more color. The artillery shells in particular have gone from a 1-inch ball
up to a 4-inch canister, and those are really powerful and really colorful."

But does bigger and more powerful mean more dangerous?

Brock says the bigger fireworks are actually safer than the ones people can hold
in their hands.

He says the most dangerous firework, in his opinion, is the sparkler.

According to the Department of Health and Environmental Control, sparklers burn
at temperatures of about 2,000 degrees, which is hot enough to ignite clothing,
cause serious burns and melt some metals.

"It's like giving your kid a torch," Brock said. "I sell them, but that's what I
tell people."

Abbott says most accidents arise from people mishandling the fireworks.

"The danger is always in mishandling. Whether it's a sparkler or a large
artillery, if you don't follow the directions then they can be dangerous," he
said. "I always tell my customers that fireworks aren't toys. You have to
respect them; if you follow the directions and take all of the precautions, then
you're going to have a really good show and have a really good time."

Firework safety

Owens Goff, assistant director of DHEC's Bureau of Community Health and Chronic
Disease Prevention, said that even though more people are buying and shooting
fireworks, South Carolina is actually seeing less fireworks-related accidents
now in comparison to previous years.

In 2010,the state reported 182 non-fatal accidents related to fireworks.
Spartanburg only reported six, according the most recent data by DHEC. Of these
six, 67 percent were younger than 18.

"Parents should never allow children to play with or ignite fireworks, and
adults should always supervise fireworks activities," Goff said in a statement.
"Everyone should only use fireworks as intended, and follow any and all product
instructions. We should not let careless, improper or illegal use of fireworks
ruin our celebrations."

Firework laws

If you live outside city limits, you can shoot fireworks without risk of penalty
or a fine.

Lt. Tony Ivey with Spartanburg Public Safety said safety is the golden rule.

"Anyone who uses fireworks to harm another person or their property could face
charges under the current laws regarding assault and battery, and malicious
damage to property," he said.

If you live inside city limits, city ordinances say it is illegal to shoot or
sell fireworks, or have them in your possession. People who fail to oblige by
this law can meet a fine of up to $262.

For people in the county who wish to shoot fireworks, they are encouraged to
clean up the aftermath when they are done.

"We would certainly encourage everyone to be a good neighbor and pick up their
trash after they are finished shooting fireworks," Ivey said. "Also, part of
being a good neighbor would include not shooting fireworks in the early hours of
the morning. We would like to once again stress safety when shooting fireworks.
Far too many people are injured by fireworks during the holidays when fireworks
are used. We want everyone to have a happy and safe Fourth of July!"

___ (c)2012 the Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) Visit the
Spartanburg Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, S.C.) at www.GoUpstate.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120702-SG-Fireworks-sales-booming-in-Spartanburg-County-ahead-of-July-Fourth-h
oliday-0702-20120702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2012 Herald-Journal


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday

State lab scandal affects local case // Convicted drug dealer could be freed

BYLINE: Scott J. Croteau

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 814 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - The alleged mishandling of drug cases by a former state lab chemist
could lead to the release of a man convicted in a marijuana trafficking case in
Worcester County.

The case stemmed from an October 2007 bust in which Fitchburg police and the
U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration tracked a package from outside the area.
Authorities discovered 300 pounds of pot and arrested three men. The district
attorney's office confirmed the names of the three men.

The lawyer for one of the men convicted in the case was told late last week that
the evidence was suspect because of the lab scandal. Holden-based lawyer William
S. Smith filed a motion yesterday in Worcester Superior Court asking that his
client's sentence be stayed and asking that his client, Matti E. Thomasian, be
released on personal recognizance.

"Then the question is whether he can be retried," Mr. Smith said. The lawyer
said he believed his client cannot be retried.

Mr. Smith said his client is tentatively scheduled to go before one of the
special sessions created by the trial courts on Oct. 22. Mr. Thomasian is still
in prison.

The drugs seized in the case have been destroyed, leaving nothing for
authorities to retest. Even if the drugs were still available for testing the
alleged actions of Ms. Dookhan would put the validity of the testing into
question, Mr. Smith said.

Annie Dookhan, 34, of Franklin, is accused of falsifying drug test results and
tampering with samples she was supposed to test. The chemist, who worked at
Hinton State Lab in Jamaica Plain for nine years, reportedly tested more than
60,000 drug samples involving 34,000 defendants.

The lab has been shut down.

Ms. Dookhan allegedly told state police investigators she used "dry labbing" in
analyzing samples. That means she identified some drugs by sight, rather than by
chemical testing. She also allegedly told investigators that she purposely
contaminated samples.

"It makes the validity of the certification almost certainly invalid," Mr. Smith
said. "The real question is who, if anybody, can be retried. I would suggest
no."

Ms. Dookhan reportedly had supervisory roles at the lab as well, Mr. Smith said.
That adds to the questions about samples tested at the lab, the lawyer said.

On Dec. 2, 2010, a Worcester Superior Court judge sentenced Mr. Thomasian to 3
years to 3 years and a day in prison for marijuana trafficking.

While not discussing the particular defendant, District Attorney Joseph D. Early
Jr. said one of the men involved in the alleged tainted cases was scheduled to
be released in December 2013.

Mr. Thomasian, now 37, listed a Fitchburg address when he was arrested. He was
sentenced to an additional six months in jail on a charge of conspiracy to
violate drug laws. The sentence was to be served concurrently.

The October 2007 pot bust came after Fitchburg police and the U.S. Drug
Enforcement Administration began tracking a package from outside the area. A
shipping company was alerted to a suspicious package.

Eventually, the DEA, state police and officials from the North Worcester County
Drug Task Force arrested three men at Pace Energy Service Station in Fitchburg.

Defense lawyer Vincent F. Ricciardi Jr., who represented one of the three men,
Raul Barajas, said he was notified more than a week ago that one of his cases
might involve Ms. Dookhan. He was formally notified this week that it was the
case.

Mr. Barajas, now 31, listed a Fitchburg address at the time of his April 2010
sentencing in Worcester Superior Court. He was charged with marijuana
trafficking.

Mr. Barajas pleaded guilty to a lesser charge, marijuana possession with intent
to distribute, and sentenced to a year in jail. He was given credit for time
served and there was an immigration detainer in the case.

"Locating my client is probably going to be the hardest part of my job," Mr.
Ricciardi said. Mr. Barajas was originally from Mexico, but Mr. Ricciardi does
not know if his client was deported.

In an interview this week, Mr. Early said there was a stipulation in the
marijuana case where the defendants agreed to the kind of drugs they were
peddling. It is unclear if those admissions were made based on certifications
provided by Ms. Dookhan.

"There was some additional information in the grand jury minutes that may have
an effect on it (the case) as well," Mr. Ricciardi said. "There was testimony
that not all of it (the marijuana) was weighed and tested."

The testimony came from either a state police trooper or a DEA agent, not Ms.
Dookhan, he said.

For now, Mr. Ricciardi is discussing the case with the district attorney's
office and will consider what path to take.

The third man arrested in the pot bust, Edgar E. Espinoza, now 30, is still
wanted on a default warrant out of Worcester Superior Court. He listed a
Leominster address at the time of his arrest and has never been in Superior
Court to face the drug charges.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - The alleged mishandling of drug cases by a former state lab
chemist could lead to the release of a man convicted in a marijuana trafficking
case in Worcester County. The case stemmed from an October 2007 bust in which
Fitchburg police and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration tracked a package
from outside the area. Authorities discovered 300 pounds of pot and arrested
three men. The district attorney's office confirmed the names of the three men.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            August 1, 2012 Wednesday

UBS JOINS QUEUE TO SUE OVER FACEBOOK

BYLINE: BY PETER CAMPBELL

LENGTH: 577 words


Executives at Facebook may have thought they had seen the last of the fallout
from the tech leviathan's disastrous listing in May. If so, they can think
again.

Since floating, shares have crashed, accusations of incompetence have been rife
and the lawsuits have flowed in.

Legal complaints have also been filed against the company's banks and the New
York-based technology exchange, the Nasdaq.

The latest to join the ever-growing queue is banking giant UBS, which claims
that problems with the launch cost it £227.1m.

It has become the most recent victim of the botched float, which will be written
into the history books as a prime example of how not to handle a large company
listing.

When the Facebook stock went live, a glitch in Nasdaq's computers meant that
requests to trade millions of shares were delayed.

The share price dropped, but the technology failure meant investors who were
unable to sell the stock were left sitting on large losses.

UBS claims its treatment was even worse, accusing the Nasdaq of gross
mishandling'. When it placed orders on behalf of clients to buy the stock, it
did not receive the standard confirmation notice from the exchange due to
multiple operational failures by Nasdaq'. To make sure the order had been
placed, it was forced to re-send the same requests.

Once Nasdaq's technology problems were resolved, the bank found itself lumbered
with far more stock than it had requested - and far larger losses.

We will take appropriate legal action against Nasdaq to address its gross
mishandling of the offering and its substantial failures to perform its duties,'
the bank said.

We intend to pursue compensation for the full extent of our losses.'

Nasdaq is expected to contest the claims.

UBS blamed the Facebook botch for plunging its investment bank into an £85m loss
in the past three months, compared to a pre-tax profit of £477m the previous
year.

The Swiss bank has not had a blemish-free year itself. It was embroiled in a
scandal after trader Kweku Adoboli allegedly lost £1.5bn while at the bank. He
is facing legal action. But UBS's threats will send shivers down the spines of
executives at the Nasdaq, which has set aside a £25m war chest to meet
compensation claims. While other banks have been hit by the affair, none has
publicly demanded such high payouts.

The value of UBS shares in Facebook is £10.5m. The same holding at the time of
the float would have been worth around £17m.

Large institutions Invesco and BlackRock both invested in the stock. Invesco's
holding, valued at £54.6m, would have been worth £89m on the day of the listing.
BlackRock's stake, worth £23.6m today, would have been £38.8m.

It is not known whether either firm held shares since the first day and incurred
substantial losses. No one from either was available for comment last night.
Sceptics who avoided the stock were vindicated when shares fell in the weeks
following the float.

Many questioned how Facebook would make money from customers who use the website
on smartphones, which do not have adverts.

In the hours leading up to the float, analysts at Morgan Stanley and a host of
other banks are understood to have pencilled in last minute downgrades to their
forecasts for the company's revenues.

Its problem is finding ways to convert huge numbers of site users into a revenue
stream. CEO and co-founder Mark Zuckerberg has seen his stake reduce from
£12.4bn to £7.5bn at last night's price. Shares are down 42pc since floating.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2012 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           September 4, 1987, Friday

BANK STOCKHOLDER GETS NOD TO SUE

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 187 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


A federal appeals court has decided that a stockholder can sue seven high-
ranking Bank of America officers in connection with the mishandling of about $
22.8 million in Texas and California mortgages.

A three-judge panel on Wednesday revived the suit brought by Ned Schwartz of
incinnati.

The judges said his letter of March 8, 1985 to the directors of the BankAmerica
Corp., demanding that they "take legal action," amounted to proper legal
notification by a shareholder.

The letter demanded that the "action" against those responsible be taken within
10 days.

Mr. Schwartz' suit seeks the $ 95 million he claims it cost the bank to make
right the mishandling of the mortgages by bank officials acting as escrow and
trustee officers.

The bank fired some lower level officials and sued others in state court to
recover money. However, Mr. Schwartz' suit seeks to recover from their
superiors, claiming they should have known what their subordinates were doing.

Of the seven, only A.W. Clausen, the chief executive officer, and Robert Frick,
head of the world banking division, are now with the bank.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Goodlatte & Gowdy Lead Letter Signed by 200 Members Pressing
Director Comey About Clinton Investigation

LENGTH: 1513 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee has issued
the following press release:



 House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) and Representative
Trey Gowdy (R-S.C) today led a letter signed by 200 House Republicans -
including all Republican members of the House Judiciary Committee - demanding
answers from FBI Director James Comey regarding the many questions surrounding
his announcement that he does not recommend federal prosecution against former
Secretary Hillary Clinton for mishandling classified information through private
email servers.





 Last week, Director Comey noted that there was no precedent to charge Secretary
Clinton for her actions. Chairman Goodlatte and the other signatories note in a
letter to Director Comey that there is precedent for prosecution, citing a case
where a Marine was found guilty of "gross negligence" in his mishandling of
classified material.



 Further, the members of Congress call on Director Comey to answer a number of
questions hovering over the FBI's mystifying conclusion regarding its
investigation and how his definition of Secretary Clinton's actions, "extreme
carelessness," is not synonymous with "gross negligence." The members also seek
to know whether those who engage in similar conduct to Secretary Clinton and
apply for employment with the U.S. government would be granted a security
clearance.



 Below is the text of the letter. The signed copy can be found here.



     July 11, 2016



     Honorable James B. Comey

     Director

     Federal Bureau of Investigation

     935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW

     Washington, D.C. 20535



     Dear Director Comey:



     We write with regard to the FBI's decision to not recommend Secretary
Clinton's case for prosecution for failure to safeguard classified national
security information.  Secretary Clinton clearly placed our nation's secrets in
peril and your decision to not refer the case for prosecution has created a
cloud over our nation's justice system.  No one is above the law and the
American people deserve a more robust explanation for your decision to not
recommend criminal charges against the former Secretary.



     You stated Tuesday at your press conference, "In looking back at our
investigations into mishandling or removal of classified information, we cannot
find a case that would support bringing criminal charges on these facts."  It
did not take long, however, for us to perform a simple legal search to find a
case where a Marine was found guilty and sentenced to confinement, forfeiture of
pay for three years, and a reduction to the lowest enlisted grade, for failing
to report that he mistakenly took classified documents from his workplace after
he cleaned out his desk.  While this particular Marine, out of fear, failed to
disclose that he had thrown these documents into his gym bag, even though the
court found that he was planning on destroying them once he arrived at his new
duty station, his conviction under 18 U.S.C. ] 793(f) for "gross negligence" was
upheld by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.   The court's
reasoning is illustrative:



     The purpose of the federal espionage statute is to protect classified
documents from any unauthorized procedures such as "remov[al] from its proper
place of custody" regardless of the means of removal, and it was appellant's
gross negligence that was the proximate cause of the classified document's
removal. We stated in United States v. McGuinness that "it is clear that
Congress intended to create a hierarchy of offenses against national security,
ranging from 'classic spying' to merely losing classified materials through
gross negligence."



     The military court's reasoning went directly to the point on the Marine's
culpability - "gross negligence that was the proximate cause of the classified
document's removal."  The Espionage Act was passed by Congress with the
understanding that various standards of culpability can be attributed to one who
has failed to protect national security secrets.  Even though the Marine in the
foregoing case did not intend to harm national security, the retention of
classified documents in an unsecure manner was sufficient to establish "gross
negligence."



     Following your press conference, former Attorney General Michael Mukasey
said, "I was particularly distressed to hear that he [Director Comey] said there
was no intention to violate the law when the laws involved don't require an
intention to violate the law."  You seem to have picked a new standard out of
thin air - "extreme carelessness" - to describe the actions of Secretary Clinton
and her staff.  We do not understand the need to have cited any lack of intent
on the part of Secretary Clinton when the law sets forth a felony violation for
something less than intentional conduct - "gross negligence."



     On Tuesday, the FBI assumed the role of prosecutor and not simply
investigator and took the unprecedented act of proclaiming that no reasonable
prosecutor would bring such a case.  Based on the perception that a decision has
been made by the FBI that has seemingly ignored facts that the FBI itself found
in its own investigation, we have additional questions that are aimed at
ensuring that the cloud which now hovers over our justice system is at least
minimally pierced:



         As a former prosecutor, please explain your understanding of the legal
difference between actions performed with "gross negligence" and those done
"extremely carelessly."  How did you determine that "extreme carelessness" did
not equate to "gross negligence?"

         You said that no reasonable prosecutor would decide to prosecute the
Clinton case on the evidence found by FBI agents during the Bureau's
investigation over the past year.  We have multiple former prosecutors in
Congress, and it is not far-fetched for many of us to envision a successful
prosecution of someone for doing far less than that which was committed by
Secretary Clinton.  Is your statement not an indictment and prejudgment against
any Assistant United States Attorney who is now tasked with reviewing the
evidence you presented Tuesday?  In your judgment, does it not follow that you
would think that a prosecutor who moved forward with the instant prosecution of
Secretary Clinton would be "unreasonable?"

         Are you aware of any internal opinions by FBI agents or management who
were intimately aware of the Clinton investigation which differed from your
eventual decision to not recommend the case for prosecution?

         You mentioned that Top Secret Special Access Programs (SAPs) were
included in emails sent and received by Secretary Clinton.  SAP material is some
of the most highly classified and controlled material of the U.S. Government.
If an agency of the U.S. Government were to encounter similar information from a
foreign adversary, it would be extremely valuable data for us to exploit.  Did
the FBI assess how SAP information, due to its controlled nature, ever made it
onto unclassified systems that were not air-gapped or physically blocked from
outside Internet access?  Is it not "gross negligence" to permit such SAP data
to leave the confines of the most protective and secure governmental enclaves?
Or even "intentional" conduct that allowed that to happen?

         You mentioned that this investigation stemmed from a referral from the
Inspector General of the Intelligence Community to determine whether classified
information had been transmitted on an unclassified personal system.  Following
your investigation, it is clear that Secretary Clinton transmitted classified
information on an unclassified system.  Secretary Clinton on multiple occasions
has said that she did not send or receive classified information or information
marked as classified.  In light of your decision to also not refer a false
statements charge under 18 U.S.C. ] 1001 for prosecution, we can only presume
that Secretary Clinton admitted during her interview with your agents that she,
in fact, sent and received emails containing classified information.  Please
confirm.

         Are you aware of whether any deleted emails which the FBI was able to
forensically recover from Secretary Clinton's servers pertained to the Clinton
Foundation?

         You stated Tuesday, "Given that combination of factors, we assess it is
possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's personal
e-mail account."  Is the FBI's Counterintelligence Division still involved in
determining the level of damage related to possible exploitation of Secretary
Clinton's or her associates' email accounts and other communications?

          If the FBI performed a background check on an applicant for employment
with the FBI or elsewhere in the U.S. Government, and that applicant engaged in
conduct committed by Secretary Clinton, would a security clearance ever be
granted to that person?



     We look forward to your prompt response.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              May 27, 2005 Friday

Pentagon Analyst In Israel Spy Case Is Called a 'Patriot'

BYLINE: By ELI LAKE, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1084 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A Pentagon analyst charged with mishandling classified information at first
cooperated with an FBI probe of two lobbyists for the American Israel Public
Affairs Committee when he allowed the bureau to surveil a meeting with Aipac
lobbyist Keith Weissman in July 2004.

Plato Cacheris, the lawyer for the Pentagon Iran analyst Lawrence Franklin, told
The New York Sun yesterday that the FBI persuaded his client to set up a meeting
with Mr. Weissman on July 9, 2004, before being threatened with jail time. "They
appealed to his sense of patriotism, and he cooperated," Mr. Cacheris said in an
interview.

The charges against the two lobbyists, Mr. Weissman and Steven Rosen, will hang
on their July 9, 2004, meeting with Mr. Franklin when he allegedly shared
information verbally with Mr. Weissman - while under FBI surveillance - that
American soldiers and Israeli agents in northern Iraq were under threat from
Iranian Revolutionary Guard units. Mr. Rosen, after receiving the information
from his colleague, Mr. Weissman, then allegedly shared it with the Israeli
Embassy and the Washington Post. Sources familiar with the FBI's case said that
the Justice Department is prepared to charge that Mr. Rosen passed the
classified information on to the embassy and the newspaper.

Until August 2004, Mr. Franklin was unaware that the FBI was prepared to charge
him with a crime, Mr. Cacheris said. It was after he voluntarily told the bureau
that he had kept 83 classified documents at his home in West Virginia and had
agreed to convey the intelligence to Mr. Weissman that the FBI said that it
would press charges and arranged for a court-appointed attorney for Mr.
Franklin. Originally, the bureau, according to Mr. Cacheris, asked Mr. Franklin
to plead guilty to espionage, specifically under section 794 of the U.S. Code
for crimes of "gathering or delivering defense information to aid a foreign
government." Notorious Soviet spy Aldridge Ames was charged under this section
of the U.S. Code, which carries a maximum penalty of execution or life in
prison.

Mr. Franklin sought Mr. Cacheris out, the lawyer said, after he was asked to
admit that he was a spy. Mr. Cacheris, who represented Mr. Ames as well as
Monica Lewinsky, agreed to take the case free of charge. "I feel the government
is overreaching in this case. I think he's a patriot and a loyal American who
intends no harm to this country," Mr. Cacheris said.

Following Mr. Cacheris's agreement to defend Mr. Franklin, the bureau offered a
deal whereby Mr. Franklin would plead guilty to the lesser charge of mishandling
classified material, or section 793 of the U.S. Code. The lesser charge carries
a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison. Mr. Cacheris said he refused the deal
and that he intends to take the case to trial. Despite turning down the offer
and ceasing to cooperate with the FBI, Mr. Franklin was charged with only
mishandling, not espionage, on Tuesday.

Mr. Cacheris likened Mr. Franklin's conduct to that of a former national
security adviser, Samuel Berger, who was recently charged with a misdemeanor for
stealing documents from the National Archives in his socks, and a former CIA
director, John Deutsch, who had taken classified material to his home. In both
these cases, Messrs. Berger and Deutsch were charged with misdemeanors. "We
don't think Mr. Franklin's conduct was any more egregious," Mr. Cacheris said.

Mr. Cacheris told the Sun yesterday that he believed the FBI did not originally
intend to investigate Mr. Franklin. "We believe there was a pre-existing
investigation that Larry Franklin is not involved in," he said yesterday. While
Mr. Cacheris refused to discuss the details of the meetings, other sources
familiar with the case told the Sun that Mr. Franklin first approached Messrs.
Rosen and Weissman in February or March 2003 for a meeting at the Ritz Carlton
Hotel in Pentagon City, Va., with the intention of passing on threat information
regarding Iran's plans for American soldiers in Iraq.

According to one source familiar with the case, Mr. Franklin was told by an aide
to an undersecretary of defense, Douglas Feith, that the two Aipac lobbyists
could get the threat information to the National Security Council. Mr. Rosen, in
particular, has a reputation for high-level contacts with policy-makers in the
executive branch. According to sources familiar with the case, the three men at
this 2003 meeting discussed passing the threat information to National Security
Council official Elliott Abrams.

By March 2003, the Bush administration had decided to work with Iranian
sponsored opposition groups to build an interim government in Baghdad. Indeed,
the recently elected prime minister, Ibrahim Jafari, was initially a leader of
an Iranian-supported party, Dawa, and was included in the first Iraqi Governing
Council. At the same time, American envoys were holding intensive negotiations
about Iraq with the Iranians under the auspices of a U.N. multicountry group
designed to coordinate Afghanistan policy.

These developments, according to Mr. Franklin's former colleagues and other
government officials, worried the Pentagon analyst, who, in turn, attempted to
reverse what he saw as a disastrous policy decision. Mr. Franklin had, in his
work on Iran at the Pentagon in late 2001, identified what one source described
as "Iranian hunter-killer teams" in Afghanistan that were threatening American
Special Forces. By the spring of 2003, he believed American forces in Iraq would
be under a similar threat from units of Iran's Revolutionary Guard and that this
information had to get to the White House.

On June 26, 2003, Mr. Franklin held a second lunch with Messrs. Weissman and
Rosen and discussed, among other things, developments in the formation of an
Iran policy paper and new threats he had learned about in Iraq. In that meeting,
Mr. Cacheris said he provided the two lobbyists with a list of events and names
of Iranian officials that he had compiled personally elaborating the threat to
American soldiers. "No classified documents were passed," Mr. Cacheris said. "A
list of events and names on Iran and Iraq was passed in the June 2003 meeting."
Mr. Cacheris emphasized that this list was neither a classified nor official
document.

Mr. Franklin would not meet with Mr. Weissman again for more than a year, when
he would meet him in northern Virginia under FBI surveillance on July 9.A grand
jury convening in Alexandria, Va., is expected to release a formal indictment of
Mr. Franklin today.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             June 16, 2005 Thursday
                            All but Toronto Edition

U.S. marshals ready to arrest Dr. Death: Australia wants him to return to face
possible murder charges

BYLINE: National Post news services

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 708  words

DATELINE: SYDNEY


SYDNEY - U.S. marshals are ready to arrest fugitive surgeon Dr. Jayant Patel
after Australian officials sought the help of the U.S. media to track down the
man nicknamed "Dr. Death," who has been linked to the deaths of 87 Australian
patients and could face murder charges.

Dr. Patel, a U.S. citizen who was trained in India and has already been barred
from surgery in two U.S. states, is reportedly in Portland, Ore. He left
Australia in March after being linked to the deaths at the regional Bundaberg
Base Hospital in Queensland state in 2003 and 2004.

Last Friday, an official inquiry into the deaths, headed by lawyer Tony Morris,
recommended he face murder, negligence and fraud charges. Government officials
have said they would seek his extradition.

Peter Beattie, the Queensland Premier, said on Tuesday he had sent two
government officials to Portland to conduct a media blitz with newspapers, radio
and TV stations in the city.

"If we send a clear message, then we believe we'll put appropriate pressure on
him to return to Queensland," Mr. Beattie said at Los Angeles International
Airport as he detailed his plan to flush out the doctor.

"Extradition of an American citizen here in the United States is incredibly
difficult. We know that but are prepared to go down that road."

The two officials will also meet Dr. Patel's lawyer and deliver a formal summons
for him to return to Australia. If he refuses, Australian arrest warrants would
be channelled to marshals through the U.S. Justice Department and Dr. Patel
could be arrested quickly, the Brisbane Courier-Mail reported today.

Mr. Beattie said he knew that extradition of Americans was difficult after the
Sept. 11, 2001, attacks but he hoped U.S. publicity would convince Dr. Patel to
return to answer the charges.

"Part of the government's strategy is to spread the message that Patel should
not be allowed to work as a doctor anywhere until he returns to Queensland to
account for his conduct in Bundaberg," said Mr. Beattie, who is in the United
States on a trade mission.

Queensland authorities are prepared to pay the doctor's airfare and
accommodation if he returns voluntarily, though Mr. Beattie said he would not
give him immunity in return for his testimony.

Rod Welford, the state's Attorney-General, has said Dr. Patel was "interested"
in giving his own account of the scandal and had indicated this through his
Portland-based lawyer.

Dr. Patel began working at the Bundaberg hospital in 2003 after a 20-year career
of botched operations and surgical malpractice claims that saw him barred from
performing surgery in New York state and Oregon.

He failed to disclose his checkered record when applying for the job in
Australia.

An investigation into numerous suspicious deaths at Bundaberg was launched in
March after a nurse sounded the alarm over Dr. Patel's alleged mishandling of
surgeries.

The inquiry later received information linking him to as many as 87 patient
deaths.

In hearings in the Queensland capital Brisbane last month, nurses testified that
Dr. Patel's mishandling of cases was well known at Bundaberg and that staff even
hid some patients so he could not harm them.

Patients have detailed a number of botched procedures by Dr. Patel, including an
elderly man who had a syringe left in his stomach, a woman whose urethra was
accidentally severed and a 28-year-old man left impotent after the surgeon
operated on him.

An interim report presented to the Queensland state government on Friday by Mr.
Morris recommended that the 55-year-old surgeon be charged with murder or
manslaughter for the death of James Phillips, who had terminal cancer.

Mr Phillips died five days after having part of his oesophagus removed by Dr.
Patel. Several other doctors at the hospital had refused to perform the surgery,
saying it had no chance of success and would increase the patient's suffering,
according to investigators.

The report also recommended that Dr. Patel should be charged with fraud over his
application for a licence to practice in Australia that failed to mention the
negligence findings against him in the United States.

Further murder charges could follow as investigators comb over details of all 87
deaths. Hearings in the Morris inquiry resume in Bundaberg on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 24, 2012 Sunday

Charter rules too weak;
Ex-treasurer accused of mishandling funds speaks out.Boards should be held
accountable, he says.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: ByJosh Sweigart StaffWriter

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1158 words


Carl Shye pleaded guilty Thursday to federal charges of embezzling nearly
$500,000 from four charter schools, including two in Dayton. CONTRIBUTED PHOTO

A former charter school treasurer accused of wrongdoing says oversight and
financial rules for Ohio's charters must be tightened or else fiscal mayhem will
continue.

Edward Dudley and Carl Shye, former treasurers of Dayton-area charter schools,
together stand accused of mishandling $1.6 million in public funds. Between them
they served as treasurers of nearly 30 schools across the state, including five
in Dayton and one in Springfield.

Dudley says the debts held against him stem from expenditures by out-of-control
charter school board members and administrators he had no power to rein in.

Shye pleaded guilty Thursday to federal charges of embezzling nearly $500,000.

Dudley is joining a chorus of officials calling for increased oversight of
charter schools. The state has $62 million it says is owed for mishandled public
funds from all public agencies statewide; one-third of that comes from charter
school operations, a Dayton Daily News analysis found.

"Everybody in the state now thinks I'm a thief, they think I'm doing bad
things," Dudley told the Daily News in an interview last week. "The individuals
that start the charter schools have a real desire I think to educate these
children ... (but) don't understand the operation of how to run a school."

Terry Ryan, vice president of the Dayton-based charter school sponsor and
advocacy group the Thomas B. Fordham Institute, said it has broken his heart to
see so many schools collapse under problems from lack of oversight.

"The fact of the matter is that some of the highest performing urban schools in
Ohio are charters," he said. "These are schools that provide a safety valve for
kids that might otherwise not (get one)."

"There's a strong reason why we need charter schools, but to be able to maximize
their potential we need quality controls," he said.

This should start, he said, with enforcing current rules requiring charter
school treasurers to be licensed or holding sponsors accountable for failed
schools. "It has been lax enforcement," he said.

Legislation pending in the General Assembly would crack down on treasurers and
schools where books were "unauditable," or in too much disarray to be audited.
The legislation would call for suspending the treasurer, cutting off state
funding and barring the school's sponsor from opening new schools until an audit
is complete.

Of the 12 government entities listed by the state auditor's office as
unauditable, three are charter schools. The finances for one Cleveland-area
school were ruled to be unauditable for four years before it closed.

Ohio's most recent annual report on charters lists 341 across the state,
including 30 in Montgomery County. Greene County has two charter schools, Clark
County three, Butler five, Warren one and Champaign three. The number of
students in charter enrollment has steadily climbed during the past decade to
nearly 100,000 statewide.

The number of charter schools dipped slightly in the 2009-10 school year but has
climbed steadily otherwise, state records show.

much 'I'm pretty destroyed'

Shye is named in $843,635 in findings for recovery - rulings by state auditors
that money he oversaw was mishandled. He is awaiting sentencing after pleading
guilty last week in federal court to embezzling $472,579 from four charter
schools, including two in Dayton.

Dudley, a certified public accountant and licensed school treasurer living in
Gahanna, ended his tenure at the final two schools he worked for last week. He
has worked for eight across the state.

"I quit," he said. "I'm pretty much destroyed."

Dudley is listed on state records as at least partially responsible for $752,863
in mishandled state funds identified in 10 previous audits of charter school.
That includes an audit of the Carter G. Woodson Institute in Dayton that
identified $168,772 in findings. The school closed in 2010.

This includes $13,400 state audits say Dudley was overpaid and more than $10,000
that Dudley paid to his consulting firm without documentation, an action
auditors have referred to the Ohio Ethics Commission as a potential conflict of
interest.

Dudley said that when he took over for Shye as treasurer of Carter G. Woodson in
2009, Shye and the superintendent "had established a culture of loose
documentation and a lack of procedural safeguards that permeated the schools'
governing board and administration."

He said he was locked out of the school's accounts for months by the school's
superintendent, who he accused of withdrawing cash without board approval and
without documentation.

Most of the money Dud-ley owes went to someone else, but he is held jointly
responsible in his role as treasurer. "I'm left holding the bag," he said.

In an interview with the Daily News, Dudley said he is fighting most of the
findings. He said he was at the mercy of the boards he worked for, which kept
poor meeting minutes, had no idea how to manage a public agency and lost the
records after he left. "It's not like they've got lawyers or doctors (on the
board) - they've got common folks that are generally the superintendent's
friend," he said.

He said he was fired at another school after filing an ethics complaint against
the administrators who wanted to pay a developer with federal funds that were
not meant for that purpose.

Dudley supports the proposed legislation that would tighten financial controls
over charter schools.

He also said treasurers should be given more power and should report to the
schools' sponsor instead of the school board and that the boards should be
required to better document their decisions in board minutes.

Sponsors respond

Ryan, of the Ford-ham institute, said Ohio needs to do as well as other states
in screening out bad ideas. He said dozens of people approach him about opening
a charter school every year. In the past two years, they have opened only three
because most of the ideas wouldn't have worked.

Ryan said the heap of allegations of mishandled money "tells us there have been
too many charter schools that have opened up in Ohio that have not known what
they were doing when they opened and should not have been opened in the first
place. There should be more quality controls on who can open charter schools in
the state," he said. "We have made progress as a state, and there's more to be
done."

He said this should involve holding sponsors accountable.

Educational Resource Consultants of Ohio sponsored three of the four schools
Shye is accused of embezzling from as well as the Dayton charter where state
auditors made findings against both Dudley and Shye last week.

ERCO spokeswoman Jodi Billerman said a sponsor's power is limited.

"Sponsors can be held accountable when Ohio revised code allows them the
authority and provides them little more control over that process and that
fortunately is happening," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday

Rivers Casino fined $2 million

BYLINE: By Mike Riopell Political Editor mriopell@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 285 words


The owner of Rivers Casino in Des Plaines, the most-visited gambling floor in
Illinois, has been fined $2 million for mishandling promotions for its patrons
and breaking rules in hiring a firm to clean the casino, according to a
complaint by regulators.

The Illinois Gaming Board levied the fine after its investigators accused the
casino of not following proper bidding procedures in picking United Service Co.
to clean parts of the casino in 2011, then later backdating a contract signed in
2014.

In addition, the board accused the casino of promoting a $100,000 new-member
giveaway that hadn't been approved by regulators and, later, allowing someone to
enter to win a $250,000 giveaway after the promotion had already been closed.

At a public meeting, Gaming Board Chairman Don Tracy called the $2 million fine
"obviously a very significant fine."

"This was not a one-time slip-up relative particularly to the promotions," he
said.

The company says it's reviewing the complaint.

"As this is an ongoing administrative matter, we are limited in our ability to
comment. Rivers has a deep commitment to compliance and we strive to
continuously improve our culture of compliance," a statement from Rush Street
Gaming says.

"We are reviewing the IGB's concerns carefully and will continue to fully
cooperate with the Gaming Board to resolve this administrative matter."

Rivers Casino opened in 2011 and since then has been by far the state's biggest
gambling palace by both revenue and visits.

Through the first six months of the year, Rivers had grossed $215 million in
receipts from nearly 1.7 million visitors. Compare that to $93.6 million from
about 754,000 visitors at Illinois' next-biggest casino, Harrah's in Joliet.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Zars/bzars@dailyherald.com
 The Rivers Casino in Des Plaines is planning a lottery to give 100 winners
invites to its VIP opening party, planned ahead of the casino's full opening in
mid-July.

 Bill Zars/bzars@dailyherald.com
 The 44,000-square-foot gaming floor of the Des Plaines Rivers Casino opening in
July features open walkways around the centrally located Lotus Lounge. Available
games include blackjack, craps, roulette, video poker and baccarat. Bill
Zars/bzars@dailyherald.com Rivers Casino in Des Plaines has been hit with a $2
million fine.Mark Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com Rivers Casino in Des Plaines has
been hit with a $2 million fine for mishandling promotions for its patrons and
breaking rules in hiring a firm to clean the casino. Mark
Welsh/mwelsh@dailyherald.com Rivers Casino in Des Plaines has been hit with a $2
million fine for mishandling promotions for its patrons and breaking rules in
hiring a firm to clean the casino.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mishandling Rape

BYLINE: By JED RUBENFELD.

A professor of criminal law at Yale Law School and co-author of ''The Triple
Package: How Three Unlikely Traits Explain the Rise and Fall of Cultural Groups
in America.''

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2134 words


OUR strategy for dealing with rape on college campuses has failed abysmally.
Female students are raped in appalling numbers, and their rapists almost
invariably go free. Forced by the federal government, colleges have now gotten
into the business of conducting rape trials, but they are not competent to
handle this job. They are simultaneously failing to punish rapists adequately
and branding students sexual assailants when no sexual assault occurred.

We have to transform our approach to campus rape to get at the root problems,
which the new college processes ignore and arguably even exacerbate.

How many rapes occur on our campuses is disputed. The best, most carefully
controlled study was conducted for the Department of Justice in 2007; it found
that about one in 10 undergraduate women had been raped at college.

But because of low arrest and conviction rates, lack of confidentiality, and
fear they won't be believed, only a minuscule percentage of college women who
are raped -- perhaps only 5 percent or less -- report the assault to the police.
Research suggests that more than 90 percent of campus rapes are committed by a
relatively small percentage of college men -- possibly as few as 4 percent --
who rape repeatedly, averaging six victims each. Yet these serial rapists
overwhelmingly remain at large, escaping serious punishment.

Against this background, the federal government in 2011 mandated a ramped-up
sexual assault adjudication process at American colleges, presumably believing
that campuses could respond more aggressively than the criminal justice system.
So now colleges are conducting trials, often presided over by professors and
administrators who know little about law or criminal investigations. At one
college last year, the director of a campus bookstore served as a panelist. The
process is inherently unreliable and error-prone.

At Columbia University and Barnard College, more than 20 students have filed
complaints against the school for mishandling and rejecting their sexual assault
claims. But at Vassar College, Duke University, The University of Michigan and
elsewhere, male students who claim innocence have sued because they were found
guilty. Mistaken findings of guilt are a real possibility because the federal
government is forcing schools to use a lowered evidentiary standard -- the
''more likely than not'' standard, which is much less exacting than criminal
law's ''proof beyond a reasonable doubt'' requirement -- at their rape trials.
At Harvard, 28 law professors recently condemned the university's new sexual
assault procedures for lacking ''the most basic elements of fairness and due
process'' and for being ''overwhelmingly stacked against the accused.''

Is the answer, then, as conservatives argue, deregulation -- getting the
government off the universities' backs? Is it, as the Harvard law professors
suggest, strengthening procedural protections for the accused?

Neither strategy would get to the true problems: rapists going unpunished, the
heady mixture of sex and alcohol on college campuses, and the ways in which
colleges are expanding the concept of sexual assault to change its basic
meaning.

Consider the illogical message many schools are sending their students about
drinking and having sex: that intercourse with someone ''under the influence''
of alcohol is always rape. Typical is this warning on a joint Hampshire, Mount
Holyoke and Smith website: ''Agreement given while under the influence of
alcohol or other drugs is not considered consent''; ''if you have not consented
to sexual intercourse, it is rape.''

Now consider that one large survey showed that around 40 percent of
undergraduates, both men and women, had sex while under the influence of
alcohol. Are all these students rape victims? And what if both parties were
under the influence? Asked this question, a Duke University dean answered,
''Assuming it is a male and female, it is the responsibility in the case of the
male to gain consent.'' This answer shows more ideology than logic.

In fact, sex with someone under the influence is not automatically rape. That
misleading statement misrepresents both the law and universities' official
policies. The general rule is that sex with someone incapacitated by alcohol or
other drugs is rape. There is -- or at least used to be -- a big difference.
Incapacitation typically means you no longer know what's happening around you or
can't manage basic physical activity like walking or standing.

So where is this misleading statement coming from? It's part of the revolution
in sexual attitudes and college sex codes that has taken place over the last 50
years. Not long ago, nonmarital sex on college campuses was flatly suppressed.
Sex could be punished with suspension or expulsion. This regime kept
universities out of the business of adjudicating rape charges. Rape was a matter
for the police, not the university.

Beginning in the late 1960s however, sex on campus increasingly came to be
permitted. Only nonconsensual sex was prohibited. The problem then became how to
define consent.

According to an idealized concept of sexual autonomy, which has substantial
traction on college campuses today, sex is truly and freely chosen only when an
individual unambiguously desires it under conditions free of coercive pressures,
intoxication and power imbalances. In the most extreme version of this view,
many acts of seemingly consensual sex are actually rape. Catherine A. MacKinnon
took this position in 1983 when she argued that rape and ordinary sexual
intercourse were ''difficult to distinguish'' under conditions of ''male
dominance.''

Today's college sex policies are nowhere near so extreme, but they are motivated
by a similar ideal of sexual autonomy. You see this ideal in play when
universities tell their female students that if they say yes under the influence
of alcohol, it's still rape. You see it in Duke's 2009 regulations, under which
sex could be deemed coercive if there were ''power differentials'' between the
students, ''real or perceived.'' You also see it in the new ''affirmative''
sexual consent standards, like the one recently mandated in California, or in
Yale's new policy, according to which sexual assault includes any sexual contact
to which someone has not given ''positive,'' ''specific'' and ''unambiguous''
consent.

Under this definition, a person who voluntarily gets undressed, gets into bed
and has sex with someone, without clearly communicating either yes or no, can
later say -- correctly -- that he or she was raped. This is not a law school
hypothetical. The unambiguous consent standard requires this conclusion.

Sexual assault may not be perfectly defined even in the law, but that term has
always implied involuntary sexual activity. The redefinition of consent changes
that. It encourages people to think of themselves as sexual assault victims when
there was no assault. People can and frequently do have fully voluntary sex
without communicating unambiguously; under the new consent standards, that can
be deemed rape if one party later feels aggrieved. It will take only one such
case to make the news, with a sympathetic defendant, and years of hard work
building sexual assault protections for women on campus will be undermined.

Understanding this effort to redefine sexual assault is crucial from a policy
standpoint. The new affirmative consent standards are in part an effort to
change the culture of sexual relations on campus. ''Talking with sexual partners
about desires and limits may seem awkward,'' counsels Yale's official sexual
misconduct policy, ''but serves as the basis for positive sexual experiences
shaped by mutual willingness and respect.'' If positive sexual experiences are
the goal, perhaps schools should continue what they're doing. An unambiguous
consent standard will be unenforceable, but enforceability need not be the
criterion when the goal is cultural change. Sending the right message may be
more important. Nor should schools raise the burden of proof or adopt other due
process protections. Those apply when people are accused of crimes -- and the
new definitions of consent are divorced from criminality.

But if schools are genuinely interested in preventing sexual assault, they need
to overhaul how they think about assault and what they do about it. Prevention,
rather than adjudication, should be a college's priority.

That means, first of all, we need to stop being so foolish about alcohol on
campus. A vast majority of college women's rape claims involve alcohol. Not long
ago, 18-year-olds in many states could drink legally. College-sponsored events
could openly involve a keg, with security officers on hand to ensure that things
didn't get out of hand. Since 1984, when the federal government compelled states
to adopt a drinking age of 21, college alcohol policies have been a mockery.
Prohibition has driven alcohol into private spaces and house parties, with
schools largely turning a blind eye. When those spaces and parties are
male-dominated, it's a recipe for sexual predation. Such predation has been
documented: Attending fraternity parties makes women measurably more likely to
be sexually assaulted.

If colleges are serious about reducing rapes, they need to break the links among
alcohol, all-male clubs and campus party life. Ideally, we should lower the
drinking age so that staff or security personnel could be present at parties.

In any event, schools need to forcibly channel the alcohol party scene out of
all-male clubs and teach students ''bystander'' prevention -- how to intervene
when one person appears to be taking sexual advantage of another's extreme
intoxication. At the same time, students need to be told clearly that if they
are voluntarily under the influence (but not incapacitated), they remain
responsible for their sexual choices.

Moreover, sexual assault on campus should mean what it means in the outside
world and in courts of law. Otherwise, the concept of sexual assault is
trivialized, casting doubt on students courageous enough to report an assault.

The college hearing process could then be integrated with law enforcement. The
new university procedures offer college rape victims an appealing alternative to
filing a complaint with the police. According to a recent New York Times
article, a ''great majority'' of college students now choose to report incidents
of assault to their school, not the police, because of anonymity and other
perceived advantages.

But the danger is obvious. University proceedings may be exacerbating the
fundamental problem: the fact that almost no college rapists are criminally
punished -- which they will never be if the crimes are never reported to the
police. Nationwide, the Department of Justice states that about 35 percent of
rapes and sexual assaults were reported to the police in 2013. That's not
enough, but it's a lot better than the 5 percent reported by college women.

Rape on campus is substantially enabled by the fact that rapists almost always
get away with their crimes. College punishments -- sensitivity training, a
one-semester suspension -- are slaps on the wrist. Even expulsion is radically
deficient. It leaves serial rapists free to rape elsewhere, while their crimes
are kept private under confidentiality rules. If college rape trials become a
substitute for criminal prosecution, they will paradoxically help rapists avoid
the punishment they deserve and require in order for rape to be deterred.

But colleges can't just leave sexual assault victims to the criminal justice
system, in part because most victims are so reluctant to report assaults to the
police. That is why integrating college rape hearings with law enforcement is
critical. New training for the police and prosecutors is essential, too. Special
law enforcement liaison officers who know how to respectfully receive and
vigorously act on sexual assault complaints should be present in every college
town. They should be at every college sexual assault hearing. The rights of the
accused have to be protected, but whenever there is evidence of a rape on a
college campus, the police need to know.

Everything possible should be done to encourage victims to participate in a
criminal investigation; if students make a formal complaint of rape to their
school, the college should provide them with a lawyer to go with them to the
police, help them report the crime and ensure they are treated properly.
Meanwhile, the hearing process should be put in the hands of trained
investigatory personnel and people with criminal law experience.

Along with returning the definition of sexual assault on campus to its legal
meaning, these changes could better protect the accused and help identify and
punish rapists.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/16/opinion/sunday/mishandling-rape.html

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWINGS (DRAWINGS BY KELLY BLAIR) (SR1
SR4)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mishandling Rape

BYLINE: By JED RUBENFELD.

A professor of criminal law at Yale Law School and co-author of ''The Triple
Package: How Three Unlikely Traits Explain the Rise and Fall of Cultural Groups
in America.''

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2125 words


OUR strategy for dealing with rape on college campuses has failed abysmally.
Female students are raped in appalling numbers, and their rapists almost
invariably go free. Forced by the federal government, colleges have now gotten
into the business of conducting rape trials, but they are not competent to
handle this job. They are simultaneously failing to punish rapists adequately
and branding students sexual assailants when no sexual assault occurred.

We have to transform our approach to campus rape to get at the root problems,
which the new college processes ignore and arguably even exacerbate.

How many rapes occur on our campuses is disputed. The best, most carefully
controlled study was conducted for the Department of Justice in 2007; it found
that about one in 10 undergraduate women had been raped at college.

But because of low arrest and conviction rates, lack of confidentiality, and
fear they won't be believed, only a minuscule percentage of college women who
are raped -- perhaps only 5 percent or less -- report the assault to the police.
Research suggests that more than 90 percent of campus rapes are committed by a
relatively small percentage of college men -- possibly as few as 4 percent --
who rape repeatedly, averaging six victims each. Yet these serial rapists
overwhelmingly remain at large, escaping serious punishment.

Against this background, the federal government in 2011 mandated a ramped-up
sexual assault adjudication process at American colleges, presumably believing
that campuses could respond more aggressively than the criminal justice system.
So now colleges are conducting trials, often presided over by professors and
administrators who know little about law or criminal investigations. At one
college last year, the director of a campus bookstore served as a panelist. The
process is inherently unreliable and error-prone.

At Columbia University and Barnard College, more than 20 students have filed
complaints against the school for mishandling and rejecting their sexual assault
claims. But at Vassar College, Duke University, The University of Michigan and
elsewhere, male students who claim innocence have sued because they were found
guilty. Mistaken findings of guilt are a real possibility because the federal
government is forcing schools to use a lowered evidentiary standard -- the
''more likely than not'' standard, which is much less exacting than criminal
law's ''proof beyond a reasonable doubt'' requirement -- at their rape trials.
At Harvard, 28 law professors recently condemned the university's new sexual
assault procedures for lacking ''the most basic elements of fairness and due
process'' and for being ''overwhelmingly stacked against the accused.''

Is the answer, then, as conservatives argue, deregulation -- getting the
government off the universities' backs? Is it, as the Harvard law professors
suggest, strengthening procedural protections for the accused?

Neither strategy would get to the true problems: rapists going unpunished, the
heady mixture of sex and alcohol on college campuses, and the ways in which
colleges are expanding the concept of sexual assault to change its basic
meaning.

Consider the illogical message many schools are sending their students about
drinking and having sex: that intercourse with someone ''under the influence''
of alcohol is always rape. Typical is this warning on a joint Hampshire, Mount
Holyoke and Smith website: ''Agreement given while under the influence of
alcohol or other drugs is not considered consent''; ''if you have not consented
to sexual intercourse, it is rape.''

Now consider that one large survey showed that around 40 percent of
undergraduates, both men and women, had sex while under the influence of
alcohol. Are all these students rape victims? And what if both parties were
under the influence? Asked this question, a Duke University dean answered,
''Assuming it is a male and female, it is the responsibility in the case of the
male to gain consent.'' This answer shows more ideology than logic.

In fact, sex with someone under the influence is not automatically rape. That
misleading statement misrepresents both the law and universities' official
policies. The general rule is that sex with someone incapacitated by alcohol or
other drugs is rape. There is -- or at least used to be -- a big difference.
Incapacitation typically means you no longer know what's happening around you or
can't manage basic physical activity like walking or standing.

So where is this misleading statement coming from? It's part of the revolution
in sexual attitudes and college sex codes that has taken place over the last 50
years. Not long ago, nonmarital sex on college campuses was flatly suppressed.
Sex could be punished with suspension or expulsion. This regime kept
universities out of the business of adjudicating rape charges. Rape was a matter
for the police, not the university.

Beginning in the late 1960s however, sex on campus increasingly came to be
permitted. Only nonconsensual sex was prohibited. The problem then became how to
define consent.

According to an idealized concept of sexual autonomy, which has substantial
traction on college campuses today, sex is truly and freely chosen only when an
individual unambiguously desires it under conditions free of coercive pressures,
intoxication and power imbalances. In the most extreme version of this view,
many acts of seemingly consensual sex are actually rape. Catharine A. MacKinnon
took this position in 1983 when she argued that rape and ordinary sexual
intercourse were ''difficult to distinguish'' under conditions of ''male
dominance.''

Today's college sex policies are nowhere near so extreme, but they are motivated
by a similar ideal of sexual autonomy. You see this ideal in play when
universities tell their female students that if they say yes under the influence
of alcohol, it's still rape. You see it in Duke's 2009 regulations, under which
sex could be deemed coercive if there were ''power differentials'' between the
students, ''real or perceived.'' You also see it in the new ''affirmative''
sexual consent standards, like the one recently mandated in California, or in
Yale's new policy, according to which sexual assault includes any sexual contact
to which someone has not given ''positive,'' ''specific'' and ''unambiguous''
consent.

Under this definition, a person who voluntarily gets undressed, gets into bed
and has sex with someone, without clearly communicating either yes or no, can
later say -- correctly -- that he or she was raped. This is not a law school
hypothetical. The unambiguous consent standard requires this conclusion.

Sexual assault may not be perfectly defined even in the law, but that term has
always implied involuntary sexual activity. The redefinition of consent changes
that. It encourages people to think of themselves as sexual assault victims when
there was no assault. People can and frequently do have fully voluntary sex
without communicating unambiguously; under the new consent standards, that can
be deemed rape if one party later feels aggrieved. It will take only one such
case to make the news, with a sympathetic defendant, and years of hard work
building sexual assault protections for women on campus will be undermined.

Understanding this effort to redefine sexual assault is crucial from a policy
standpoint. The new affirmative consent standards are in part an effort to
change the culture of sexual relations on campus. ''Talking with sexual partners
about desires and limits may seem awkward,'' counsels Yale's official sexual
misconduct policy, ''but serves as the basis for positive sexual experiences
shaped by mutual willingness and respect.'' If positive sexual experiences are
the goal, perhaps schools should continue what they're doing. An unambiguous
consent standard will be unenforceable, but enforceability need not be the
criterion when the goal is cultural change. Sending the right message may be
more important. Nor should schools raise the burden of proof or adopt other due
process protections. Those apply when people are accused of crimes -- and the
new definitions of consent are divorced from criminality.

But if schools are genuinely interested in preventing sexual assault, they need
to overhaul how they think about assault and what they do about it. Prevention,
rather than adjudication, should be a college's priority.

That means, first of all, we need to stop being so foolish about alcohol on
campus. A vast majority of college women's rape claims involve alcohol. Not long
ago, 18-year-olds in many states could drink legally. College-sponsored events
could openly involve a keg, with security officers on hand to ensure that things
didn't get out of hand. Since 1984, when the federal government compelled states
to adopt a drinking age of 21, college alcohol policies have been a mockery.
Prohibition has driven alcohol into private spaces and house parties, with
schools largely turning a blind eye. When those spaces and parties are
male-dominated, it's a recipe for sexual predation. Such predation has been
documented: Attending fraternity parties makes women measurably more likely to
be sexually assaulted.

If colleges are serious about reducing rapes, they need to break the links among
alcohol, all-male clubs and campus party life. Ideally, we should lower the
drinking age so that staff or security personnel could be present at parties.

In any event, schools need to forcibly channel the alcohol party scene out of
all-male clubs and teach students ''bystander'' prevention -- how to intervene
when one person appears to be taking sexual advantage of another's extreme
intoxication. At the same time, students need to be told clearly that if they
are voluntarily under the influence (but not incapacitated), they remain
responsible for their sexual choices.

Moreover, sexual assault on campus should mean what it means in the outside
world and in courts of law. Otherwise, the concept of sexual assault is
trivialized, casting doubt on students courageous enough to report an assault.

The college hearing process could then be integrated with law enforcement. The
new university procedures offer college rape victims an appealing alternative to
filing a complaint with the police. According to a recent New York Times
article, a ''great majority'' of college students now choose to report incidents
of assault to their school, not the police, because of anonymity and other
perceived advantages.

But the danger is obvious. University proceedings may be exacerbating the
fundamental problem: the fact that almost no college rapists are criminally
punished -- which they will never be if the crimes are never reported to the
police. Nationwide, the Department of Justice states that about 35 percent of
rapes and sexual assaults were reported to the police in 2013. That's not
enough, but it's a lot better than the 5 percent reported by college women.

Rape on campus is substantially enabled by the fact that rapists almost always
get away with their crimes. College punishments -- sensitivity training, a
one-semester suspension -- are slaps on the wrist. Even expulsion is radically
deficient. It leaves serial rapists free to rape elsewhere, while their crimes
are kept private under confidentiality rules. If college rape trials become a
substitute for criminal prosecution, they will paradoxically help rapists avoid
the punishment they deserve and require in order for rape to be deterred.

But colleges can't just leave sexual assault victims to the criminal justice
system, in part because most victims are so reluctant to report assaults to the
police. That is why integrating college rape hearings with law enforcement is
critical. New training for the police and prosecutors is essential, too. Special
law enforcement liaison officers who know how to respectfully receive and
vigorously act on sexual assault complaints should be present in every college
town. They should be at every college sexual assault hearing. The rights of the
accused have to be protected, but whenever there is evidence of a rape on a
college campus, the police need to know.

Everything possible should be done to encourage victims to participate in a
criminal investigation; if students make a formal complaint of rape to their
school, the college should provide them with a lawyer to go with them to the
police, help them report the crime and ensure they are treated properly.
Meanwhile, the hearing process should be put in the hands of trained
investigatory personnel and people with criminal law experience.

Along with returning the definition of sexual assault on campus to its legal
meaning, these changes could better protect the accused and help identify and
punish rapists.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/16/opinion/sunday/mishandling-rape.html

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWINGS (DRAWINGS BY KELLY BLAIR) (SR1
 SR4)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mishandling Rape

BYLINE: By JED RUBENFELD.

A professor of criminal law at Yale Law School and co-author of ''The Triple
Package: How Three Unlikely Traits Explain the Rise and Fall of Cultural Groups
in America.''

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; OPINION; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2134 words


OUR strategy for dealing with rape on college campuses has failed abysmally.
Female students are raped in appalling numbers, and their rapists almost
invariably go free. Forced by the federal government, colleges have now gotten
into the business of conducting rape trials, but they are not competent to
handle this job. They are simultaneously failing to punish rapists adequately
and branding students sexual assailants when no sexual assault occurred.

We have to transform our approach to campus rape to get at the root problems,
which the new college processes ignore and arguably even exacerbate.

How many rapes occur on our campuses is disputed. The best, most carefully
controlled study was conducted for the Department of Justice in 2007; it found
that about one in 10 undergraduate women had been raped at college.

But because of low arrest and conviction rates, lack of confidentiality, and
fear they won't be believed, only a minuscule percentage of college women who
are raped -- perhaps only 5 percent or less -- report the assault to the police.
Research suggests that more than 90 percent of campus rapes are committed by a
relatively small percentage of college men -- possibly as few as 4 percent --
who rape repeatedly, averaging six victims each. Yet these serial rapists
overwhelmingly remain at large, escaping serious punishment.

Against this background, the federal government in 2011 mandated a ramped-up
sexual assault adjudication process at American colleges, presumably believing
that campuses could respond more aggressively than the criminal justice system.
So now colleges are conducting trials, often presided over by professors and
administrators who know little about law or criminal investigations. At one
college last year, the director of a campus bookstore served as a panelist. The
process is inherently unreliable and error-prone.

At Columbia University and Barnard College, more than 20 students have filed
complaints against the school for mishandling and rejecting their sexual assault
claims. But at Vassar College, Duke University, The University of Michigan and
elsewhere, male students who claim innocence have sued because they were found
guilty. Mistaken findings of guilt are a real possibility because the federal
government is forcing schools to use a lowered evidentiary standard -- the
''more likely than not'' standard, which is much less exacting than criminal
law's ''proof beyond a reasonable doubt'' requirement -- at their rape trials.
At Harvard, 28 law professors recently condemned the university's new sexual
assault procedures for lacking ''the most basic elements of fairness and due
process'' and for being ''overwhelmingly stacked against the accused.''

Is the answer, then, as conservatives argue, deregulation -- getting the
government off the universities' backs? Is it, as the Harvard law professors
suggest, strengthening procedural protections for the accused?

Neither strategy would get to the true problems: rapists going unpunished, the
heady mixture of sex and alcohol on college campuses, and the ways in which
colleges are expanding the concept of sexual assault to change its basic
meaning.

Consider the illogical message many schools are sending their students about
drinking and having sex: that intercourse with someone ''under the influence''
of alcohol is always rape. Typical is this warning on a joint Hampshire, Mount
Holyoke and Smith website: ''Agreement given while under the influence of
alcohol or other drugs is not considered consent''; ''if you have not consented
to sexual intercourse, it is rape.''

Now consider that one large survey showed that around 40 percent of
undergraduates, both men and women, had sex while under the influence of
alcohol. Are all these students rape victims? And what if both parties were
under the influence? Asked this question, a Duke University dean answered,
''Assuming it is a male and female, it is the responsibility in the case of the
male to gain consent.'' This answer shows more ideology than logic.

In fact, sex with someone under the influence is not automatically rape. That
misleading statement misrepresents both the law and universities' official
policies. The general rule is that sex with someone incapacitated by alcohol or
other drugs is rape. There is -- or at least used to be -- a big difference.
Incapacitation typically means you no longer know what's happening around you or
can't manage basic physical activity like walking or standing.

So where is this misleading statement coming from? It's part of the revolution
in sexual attitudes and college sex codes that has taken place over the last 50
years. Not long ago, nonmarital sex on college campuses was flatly suppressed.
Sex could be punished with suspension or expulsion. This regime kept
universities out of the business of adjudicating rape charges. Rape was a matter
for the police, not the university.

Beginning in the late 1960s however, sex on campus increasingly came to be
permitted. Only nonconsensual sex was prohibited. The problem then became how to
define consent.

According to an idealized concept of sexual autonomy, which has substantial
traction on college campuses today, sex is truly and freely chosen only when an
individual unambiguously desires it under conditions free of coercive pressures,
intoxication and power imbalances. In the most extreme version of this view,
many acts of seemingly consensual sex are actually rape. Catharine A. MacKinnon
took this position in 1983 when she argued that rape and ordinary sexual
intercourse were ''difficult to distinguish'' under conditions of ''male
dominance.''

Today's college sex policies are nowhere near so extreme, but they are motivated
by a similar ideal of sexual autonomy. You see this ideal in play when
universities tell their female students that if they say yes under the influence
of alcohol, it's still rape. You see it in Duke's 2009 regulations, under which
sex could be deemed coercive if there were ''power differentials'' between the
students, ''real or perceived.'' You also see it in the new ''affirmative''
sexual consent standards, like the one recently mandated in California, or in
Yale's new policy, according to which sexual assault includes any sexual contact
to which someone has not given ''positive,'' ''specific'' and ''unambiguous''
consent.

Under this definition, a person who voluntarily gets undressed, gets into bed
and has sex with someone, without clearly communicating either yes or no, can
later say -- correctly -- that he or she was raped. This is not a law school
hypothetical. The unambiguous consent standard requires this conclusion.

Sexual assault may not be perfectly defined even in the law, but that term has
always implied involuntary sexual activity. The redefinition of consent changes
that. It encourages people to think of themselves as sexual assault victims when
there was no assault. People can and frequently do have fully voluntary sex
without communicating unambiguously; under the new consent standards, that can
be deemed rape if one party later feels aggrieved. It will take only one such
case to make the news, with a sympathetic defendant, and years of hard work
building sexual assault protections for women on campus will be undermined.

Understanding this effort to redefine sexual assault is crucial from a policy
standpoint. The new affirmative consent standards are in part an effort to
change the culture of sexual relations on campus. ''Talking with sexual partners
about desires and limits may seem awkward,'' counsels Yale's official sexual
misconduct policy, ''but serves as the basis for positive sexual experiences
shaped by mutual willingness and respect.'' If positive sexual experiences are
the goal, perhaps schools should continue what they're doing. An unambiguous
consent standard will be unenforceable, but enforceability need not be the
criterion when the goal is cultural change. Sending the right message may be
more important. Nor should schools raise the burden of proof or adopt other due
process protections. Those apply when people are accused of crimes -- and the
new definitions of consent are divorced from criminality.

But if schools are genuinely interested in preventing sexual assault, they need
to overhaul how they think about assault and what they do about it. Prevention,
rather than adjudication, should be a college's priority.

That means, first of all, we need to stop being so foolish about alcohol on
campus. A vast majority of college women's rape claims involve alcohol. Not long
ago, 18-year-olds in many states could drink legally. College-sponsored events
could openly involve a keg, with security officers on hand to ensure that things
didn't get out of hand. Since 1984, when the federal government compelled states
to adopt a drinking age of 21, college alcohol policies have been a mockery.
Prohibition has driven alcohol into private spaces and house parties, with
schools largely turning a blind eye. When those spaces and parties are
male-dominated, it's a recipe for sexual predation. Such predation has been
documented: Attending fraternity parties makes women measurably more likely to
be sexually assaulted.

If colleges are serious about reducing rapes, they need to break the links among
alcohol, all-male clubs and campus party life. Ideally, we should lower the
drinking age so that staff or security personnel could be present at parties.

In any event, schools need to forcibly channel the alcohol party scene out of
all-male clubs and teach students ''bystander'' prevention -- how to intervene
when one person appears to be taking sexual advantage of another's extreme
intoxication. At the same time, students need to be told clearly that if they
are voluntarily under the influence (but not incapacitated), they remain
responsible for their sexual choices.

Moreover, sexual assault on campus should mean what it means in the outside
world and in courts of law. Otherwise, the concept of sexual assault is
trivialized, casting doubt on students courageous enough to report an assault.

The college hearing process could then be integrated with law enforcement. The
new university procedures offer college rape victims an appealing alternative to
filing a complaint with the police. According to a recent New York Times
article, a ''great majority'' of college students now choose to report incidents
of assault to their school, not the police, because of anonymity and other
perceived advantages.

But the danger is obvious. University proceedings may be exacerbating the
fundamental problem: the fact that almost no college rapists are criminally
punished -- which they will never be if the crimes are never reported to the
police. Nationwide, the Department of Justice states that about 35 percent of
rapes and sexual assaults were reported to the police in 2013. That's not
enough, but it's a lot better than the 5 percent reported by college women.

Rape on campus is substantially enabled by the fact that rapists almost always
get away with their crimes. College punishments -- sensitivity training, a
one-semester suspension -- are slaps on the wrist. Even expulsion is radically
deficient. It leaves serial rapists free to rape elsewhere, while their crimes
are kept private under confidentiality rules. If college rape trials become a
substitute for criminal prosecution, they will paradoxically help rapists avoid
the punishment they deserve and require in order for rape to be deterred.

But colleges can't just leave sexual assault victims to the criminal justice
system, in part because most victims are so reluctant to report assaults to the
police. That is why integrating college rape hearings with law enforcement is
critical. New training for the police and prosecutors is essential, too. Special
law enforcement liaison officers who know how to respectfully receive and
vigorously act on sexual assault complaints should be present in every college
town. They should be at every college sexual assault hearing. The rights of the
accused have to be protected, but whenever there is evidence of a rape on a
college campus, the police need to know.

Everything possible should be done to encourage victims to participate in a
criminal investigation; if students make a formal complaint of rape to their
school, the college should provide them with a lawyer to go with them to the
police, help them report the crime and ensure they are treated properly.
Meanwhile, the hearing process should be put in the hands of trained
investigatory personnel and people with criminal law experience.

Along with returning the definition of sexual assault on campus to its legal
meaning, these changes could better protect the accused and help identify and
punish rapists.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/11/16/opinion/sunday/mishandling-rape.html

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWINGS (DRAWINGS BY KELLY BLAIR) (SR1
 SR4)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

It's hard to get disbarred

BYLINE: ANJU KAUR; Capital News Service

SECTION: RECORD; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 292  words


WASHINGTON - Maryland lawyers who plan to murder their spouse or have sex with
minors have been swiftly disbarred, but many who repeatedly cheat, lie, steal,
abandon their clients or torture animals can do so for years without suffering
any real consequence, according to records from the state agency assigned to
police the practice of law.

In the last 10 years, lawyers charged with some kind of incompetence received
suspensions almost twice as often as reprimands and three times as often as
disbarments. Many had two or three sanctions with as many complaints, spanning
up to six years.

Melvin Hirshman, the commission's bar counsel of 27 years, said he has
disciplined many cases, but the largest share of cases involve diligence:
attorneys failing to return calls or send letters on time and run out the
statute of limitations.

"(But) they need to make more than one mistake, or the commission needs to hear
from more than one client before the lawyer is considered for disciplinary
action," he said.

In 2005, former state Delegate Barbara O. Kreamer of Aberdeen was suspended for
30 days for numerous failures: not filing divorce papers; not responding to the
client's phone calls and e-mails; not providing the client's new attorney with
the client's case file; taking unearned funds from the client's retainer, and
for not responding to the commission. That was her third commission sanction.

In 1999, Ms. Kreamer was suspended for mishandling fees, lying and ignoring her
clients. She was reinstated to practice law four months later. In 2002, she was
reprimanded for mishandling a guardianship case.

Ms. Kreamer is now under indefinite suspension, fighting yet another complaint
against her. Her case to the Court of Appeals where it is pending trial.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 28, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

EX-PROSECUTOR ALLEGES PRESSURE IN POLICE BEATING CASE;
CITY OFFICIAL REBUTS PRIBBLE'S ASSERTIONS

BYLINE: Tim Bryant; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B1

LENGTH: 657 words


Top officials in the St. Louis circuit attorney's office and the Police
Department yielded to pressure in the Gregory Bell police beating case and filed
charges without investigating it thoroughly, the original prosecutor said
Wednesday.

"The Police Department and the circuit attorney's office, at the very least,
must conduct a level-headed investigation and not succumb to pressure," said
Douglas Pribble, a former assistant circuit attorney assigned to the Bell case.

Pribble lost his job Friday. Circuit Attorney Dee Joyce-Hayes said then that she
accepted Pribble's resignation. Pribble said Wednesday that Joyce-Hayes had
fired him and his investigator, former police Officer Charlie Clark.

Joyce-Hayes could not be reached for comment, but an official in her office
challenged Pribble's assertions.

Pribble was the first prosecutor of police Sgt. Thomas Moran in the beating of
Bell at his home on April 14, 1997. Bell is 20 but has the mental capability of
a child. He was home alone when he somehow activated the burglar alarm.

Police who responded mistook Bell for a burglar. They beat Bell after he refused
to be handcuffed and fought with officers, police said. Only later did they
realize Bell lived at the apartment, in the 3400 block of Oregon Avenue, and is
mentally retarded.

On May 1, a jury in Kansas City acquitted Moran of beating Bell with a metal
baton and of squirting him with pepper spray after he was handcuffed. A Jackson
County Circuit Court jury decided the case after defense attorneys got the trial
moved from St. Louis.

Pribble said "nobody got justice."

"Gregory Bell and his family didn't get justice," he said. "They got cheated out
of a proper investigation. People jumped the gun, and they succumbed to a lot of
pressure from certain members of the community to get somebody and hold somebody
accountable."

Pribble said he was unsure who brought pressure but said the police chief and
the circuit attorney should not give in to "emotional vigilantes." In a "very
unorthodox" move, prosecutors took the case to the grand jury for indictment
before completion of the police report of the incident, Pribble said.

Bell is black. Moran, a 23-year police veteran, is white. The jury that
acquitted him was all-white.

"This got turned into a racial thing," Pribble said. "This is not a racial case.
The first three officers on the scene were black officers. A black officer is
the one who beat (Bell) in the head first."

Pribble added that First Assistant Circuit Attorney Joseph Warzycki had told him
not to worry about the request by Moran's attorneys to move the case from St.
Louis because of publicity. The case got moved after the circuit attorney's
office missed a deadline to respond to the request. Pribble said he was never
told about the deadline.

Warzycki said Pribble's assertions are "scurrilous lies." Warzycki said he had
warned Pribble to be ready for a motion to move the trial. Joyce-Hayes assigned
another prosecutor to the case after Pribble submitted a memo in January urging
further investigation.

Warzycki denied Pribble's claim that he and others in the office gave the memo
only a cursory review. Warzycki also said prosecutors had plenty of evidence for
the grand jury without a complete police report. Prosecutors already had taken
statements from those involved, he said.

"We knew what the case was about," he added. "Whether or not there was a police
report was irrelevant. Nobody rushed to judgment on this. The fact of the matter
is that we put trust in (Pribble and Clark) to prepare this case for trial.
Sadly, in this case, our trust was misplaced."

Clark, 32, left the Police Department after he was hit by a car while on duty in
1996. He said he is likely to get another job as an investigator. Pribble
acknowledged he faces uncertainty.

"I've lost my job; I've lost my benefits," he said. "I don't know what I'm going
to do."

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 30, 2009 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Oncologist Defends His Work at a V.A. Hospital in Philadelphia

BYLINE: By WALT BOGDANICH

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 928 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


The radiation oncologist whom regulators accuse of mishandling scores of
radioactive seed implants at the Philadelphia veterans' hospital told a
Congressional panel on Monday that while he ''could have done better'' with some
implants, his patients over all received effective treatment for their prostate
cancer.

''I did not believe our procedures were botched,'' said the physician, Dr. Gary
D. Kao, who no longer treats patients at the veterans' hospital or its
affiliated hospital run by the University of Pennsylvania. ''I've always acted
in the best interest of the patients.''

Speaking publicly for the first time, Dr. Kao said at  the hearing at the
Veterans Affairs hospital here that he was not a ''rogue physician'' and that
his academic credentials -- he has a Ph.D. to go with his medical degree -- and
an absence of malpractice lawsuits underscored that point. He said he was
voluntarily appearing before the committee, led by Senator Arlen Specter,
Democrat of Pennsylvania, to ''correct some very serious false allegations in
recent publications about me, most notably The New York Times.''

The Times reported last week that investigators for the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission and V.A. officials had identified Dr. Kao as the doctor who did all
but a handful of what they said were 92 substandard seed implants out of 116
cases over more than six years. In some cases, most of the tiny metal seeds
ended up in other organs.

An N.R.C. consultant reviewed about a quarter of the flawed implants and
concluded that ''erratic seed placement caused a number of cases to have
elevated doses to the rectum, bladder or perineum.''

The Times's examination of the prostate cancer unit at the hospital also found
that the errors resulted from a systemwide regulatory failure, in which none of
the safeguards intended to protect veterans from poor medical care had worked.

Dr. Kao did not deny placing large numbers of seeds outside the prostate, but he
said investigators were wrong to single him out. ''It's a recognized risk of the
procedure,'' he told the panel.

Dr. Kao's assertion was disputed by Steven A. Reynolds, who oversees materials
safety at the N.R.C., which regulates all nuclear materials. Cases where large
numbers of seeds miss the prostate, Mr. Reynolds said, ''happen very, very
infrequently.''

Mr. Specter called the accusations against Dr. Kao serious. Responding to
questions from the senator, Dr. Kao confirmed that he had on occasion implanted
seeds in the bladder.

''Did you notify the patient?'' Mr. Specter asked.

''No, sir,'' Dr. Kao replied.

In 57 cases, the nuclear commission said, Dr. Kao's unit delivered too little
radiation to the prostate. Thirty-five other cases involved overdoses to other
parts of the body.

The nuclear commission has said Dr. Kao and others in his unit knew that
patients had been getting flawed implants but failed to report those mistakes to
regulators, as federal rules require. As a result, investigators said, the
faulty implants continued unabated until the program was suspended last year,
pending a full investigation.

Dr. Kao said that he was never instructed on what constitutes a reportable,
potential mistake, and that at no point did he ever try to cover up implants the
nuclear commission said were faulty.

Problems found at the Philadelphia hospital prompted a wider investigation of
V.A. facilities, leading to the temporary suspension of seed implants, called
brachytherapy, at three other veterans hospitals.

The Philadelphia prostate unit, operated by outside contractors from the
University of Pennsylvania, had no peer review, a staple of good hospitals,
where colleagues review one another's work, investigators said. The nuclear
commission also accused Dr. Kao and others of continuing to implant seeds for a
year even though the equipment that measured whether patients received the
proper radiation dose was broken.

Dr. Gerald M. Cross, acting under secretary of health for veterans affairs, said
his agency had failed to uncover the problem sooner because complications from
radiation did not immediately appear and because the program had been accredited
by two organizations, including the American College of Radiation Oncology.

Another member of the Congressional panel, Representative John Adler, Democrat
of New Jersey, said after the hearing that he was ''deeply troubled'' by Dr.
Kao's unwillingness to acknowledge his personal responsibility for
Philadelphia's high failure rate. Mr. Adler expressed similar criticism of the
Department of Veterans Affairs and the N.R.C.

''I was very troubled that the veterans administration could not offer a better
explanation of how this pattern of substandard care occurred over the course of
six years,'' Mr. Adler said, ''and why there were not systems in place to give
veterans the quality of care they have earned by serving their country.''

Seated several feet away from Dr. Kao at the witness table was the Rev. Ricardo
Flippin, a former patient of his who has medical records showing he suffered a
debilitating radiation injury in his rectum that required surgery.

Mr. Flippin told the panel that almost a year after learning he had received a
substandard implant, the V.A. had been mostly silent.

''To date, no one from the Philadelphia V.A. has specifically told me what went
wrong with my procedure,'' he said, ''nor have I been advised as to what the
effects of this procedure have and will be on me.''

Prodded by Mr. Specter, Dr. Kao gave Mr. Flippin a hug. The hearing ended soon
after.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Dr. Gary D. Kao, accused of mishandling radioactive seed
implants, told a Congressional panel on Monday that his patients over all had
effective cancer treatment.
 The panel's leader, Senator Arlen Specter, left, said the accusations were
serious. Mr. Specter prompted Dr. Kao to hug a former patient, the Rev. Ricardo
Flippin, who had a radiation injury. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY BRADLEY C. BOWER/ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            February 22, 2015 Sunday
                                  1ST Edition

Duke's coal ash mishandling typical in industry

BYLINE: John Murawski; The News & Observer (Raleigh)

SECTION: Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 473 words


The filing of criminal charges against Duke Energy for mishandling coal ash
waste is a highly unusual event in the utility industry. But far from being an
industry outlier, Duke's lax approach to storing coal ash has been common
practice in the industry, environmental activists say.

Duke drew attention, the activists say, in part because of the huge amounts of
industrial ash the company stores at 14 sites in North Carolina. A massive spill
of 39,000 tons of slurry from a Duke coal ash lagoon a year ago made the
Charlotte power company a target for closer scrutiny.

"They're reaping the reward of that notoriety now," said Abigail Dillen, vice
president for litigation on climate and energy at Earthjustice. "This is an
industry that's way out of bounds, and Duke has become the poster child."

Duke's spill didn't compare in size to the more than 1 billion gallons of sludge
that breached from a Tennessee Valley Authority coal ash pit in 2008. The Duke
spill demonstrated, however, that such industrial accidents are no fluke and
that coal ash storage facilities require closer monitoring.

Within weeks of Duke's February 2014 spill on the Dan River, the N.C. Department
of Environment and Natural Resources became more aggressive and began citing
Duke's power plants for illegal wastewater and stormwater discharges at coal ash
lagoons.

The agency had previously sued Duke over groundwater contamination from those
sites in 2013, but only after the Southern Environmental Law Center threatened
to proceed with its own case.

Most states don't require groundwater testing around ash storage lagoons, making
it difficult to assess if the sites are percolating chemical elements and heavy
metals. Periodic efforts to assess the safety of coal ash pits have resulted in
disturbing findings.

In 2007, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency issued a report assessing
several dozen instances of ecological damage caused by hundreds of coal ash
basins nationwide. Among the incidents the agency cited: discolored well water,
spills, deformed fish and numerous public warnings not to eat fish swimming in
ash-contaminated waters.

In North Carolina, the EPA documented declines of fish populations caused by
selenium accumulations in Hyco Lake at the Roxboro Steam Station, then owned by
Carolina Power & Light.

Selenium buildup in the cooling reservoir for Duke's Belews Lake Steam Station
resulted in the elimination of 16 of 20 fish species.

The United States has more than 1,000 ash pits and closed pits, and more than
200 incidents of contamination and spills, according to an Earthjustice digital
mapping project.

Most of the sites are concentrated in the South, Northeast and Midwest, regions
that for decades were reliant on industry powered by coal.

"Wherever you look and get monitoring data, you find groundwater contamination,"
Dillen said.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                          September 22, 2010 Wednesday

L.A. County had 122 cases of mishandled funds

BYLINE: Troy Anderson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 678 words


Two Los Angeles County employees working for the chief executive officer used
money earmarked for charity for their own use and two others improperly claimed
reimbursement for vehicle damage and mileage, officials said this week.

All four employees reimbursed the county, but only the employee claiming false
mileage - who was fired - has been disciplined so far.

The workers were not identified in the county's semi-annual Fraud Hotline
report, released by Auditor-Controller Wendy L. Watanabe.

These are among the 122 substantiated cases of misuse of public funds in the
report covering the first six months of this year. That's up from 101
substantiated cases from July 1 to Dec. 31 of last year, the first time the
county started doing semi-annual reviews.

Altogether, auditors opened 475 cases from Jan. 1 through June 30, compared with
497 during the previous six-month period.

In one of the cases involving CEO Bill Fujioka's office, an unidentified
employee used $516 in charitable giving funds for personal use. Employees
contribute to the funds voluntarily through payroll deductions to support
charities of their choice.

Another employee used $280 from the same fund to buy tickets to a sporting
event.

After they were caught, the employees reimbursed the county.

"The auditor has since determined there was no fraud by either of these
employees," Chief Deputy CEO Brence Culp said. "But we have taken administrative
actions to tighten up our internal controls to prevent any mishandling of
charitable giving funds, or even the perception of mishandling."

In two other cases involving Fujioka's office, an employee was reimbursed $732
for damage to his personal vehicle that was not damaged during work hours and
another improperly claimed mileage resulting in an overpayment of $524.

Both employees repaid the county, and the employee claiming the false mileage
was fired, according to Watanabe and Culp. Culp said the other employee could
also be disciplined later.

Tony Bell, spokesman for county Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich, who represents
the Fifth District, which includes LaVerne, San Dimas and Claremont, said the
supervisor initiated the Fraud Hotline to "flush out just this sort of
situation."

"This particular case has been brought to the attention of the CEO who will be
required to take disciplinary action and if needed refer the case to the
district attorney for prosecution," Bell said.

Some of the other cases include:

A Public Works employee who stole and cashed a $1,206 payment check mailed to
the department. The employee was fired and reimbursed the county. The case was
referred to the District Attorney's Office for possible prosecution.

A Department of Children and Family Services employee used a county-issued cell
phone to make 1,977 personal calls while on a six-month medical leave.
Disciplinary action is pending.

Two Department of Social Services employees failed to report they had outside
employment while participating in CalWORKS and Food Stamp programs. They
received a combined total of $46,245 in benefit overpayments. Both employees
resigned in lieu of discharge and the D.A.'s Office filed criminal charges
against them.

An Internal Services Department employee gave his girlfriend a county laptop
computer and case valued at $1,790 that he claimed were destroyed in a fire. The
equipment was returned and the employee was suspended for 15 days.

A Department of Public Health Children's Medical Services employee failed to
disclose his 1987 criminal conviction and his sex offender status on an employee
information sheet he completed upon his transfer to the section in 1989. The
employee received a 14-day suspension and was transferred to a job that doesn't
involve children.

A Health Department employee stole prescription slips and falsified
prescriptions to obtain a controlled substance. The employee was fired.

County and other public employees are encouraged to report fraud, waste and
abuse involving county employees by calling the hotline 800-544-6861 or logging
onto the website at www.lacountyfraud.org/Hotline.html .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Hotline flushes out misdeeds;
AUDIT: County had 122 cases of mishandled funds.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 671 words


Two Los Angeles County employees working for the chief executive officer used
money earmarked for charity for their own use and two others improperly claimed
reimbursement for vehicle damage and mileage, officials said Monday.

All four employees reimbursed the county, but only the employee claiming false
mileage - who was fired - has been disciplined so far.

The workers were not identified in the county's semi-annual Fraud Hotline
report, released Monday by Auditor-Controller Wendy L. Watanabe.

These are among the 122 substantiated cases of misuse of public funds in the
report covering the first six months of this year. That's up from 101
substantiated cases from July 1 to Dec. 31 of last year, the first time the
county started doing semi-annual reviews.

Altogether, auditors opened 475 cases from Jan. 1 through June 30, compared with
497 during the previous six-month period.

In one of the cases involving CEO Bill Fujioka's office, an unidentified
employee used $516 in charitable giving funds for personal use. Employees
contribute to the funds voluntarily through payroll deductions to support
charities of their choice.

Another employee used $280 from the same fund to buy tickets to a sporting
event.

After they were caught, the employees reimbursed the county.

"The auditor has since determined there was no fraud by either of these
employees," Chief Deputy CEO Brence Culp said. "But we have taken administrative
actions to tighten up our internal controls to prevent any mishandling of
charitable giving funds, or even the perception of mishandling."

In two other cases involving Fujioka's office, an employee was reimbursed $732
for damage to his personal vehicle that was not damaged during work hours and
another improperly claimed mileage resulting in an overpayment of $524.

Both employees repaid the county, and the employee claiming the false mileage
was fired, according to Watanabe and Culp. Culp said the other employee could
also be disciplined later.

Tony Bell, spokesman for county Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich, said the
supervisor initiated the Fraud Hotline to "flush out just this sort of
situation."

"This particular case has been brought to the attention of the CEO who will be
required to take disciplinary action and if needed refer the case to the
district attorney for prosecution," Bell said.

Some of the other cases include:

A Public Works employee who stole and cashed a $1,206 payment check mailed to
the department. The employee was fired and reimbursed the county. The case was
referred to the District Attorney's Office for possible prosecution.

A Department of Children and Family Services employee used a county-issued cell
phone to make 1,977 personal calls while on a six-month medical leave.
Disciplinary action is pending.

Two Department of Social Services employees failed to report they had outside
employment while participating in CalWORKS and Food Stamp programs. They
received a combined total of $46,245 in benefit overpayments. Both employees
resigned in lieu of discharge and the D.A.'s Office filed criminal charges
against them.

An Internal Services Department employee gave his girlfriend a county laptop
computer and case valued at $1,790 that he claimed were destroyed in a fire. The
equipment was returned and the employee was suspended for 15 days.

A Department of Public Health Children's Medical Services employee failed to
disclose his 1987 criminal conviction and his sex offender status on an employee
information sheet he completed upon his transfer to the section in 1989. The
employee received a 14-day suspension and was transferred to a job that doesn't
involve children.

A Health Department employee stole prescription slips and falsified
prescriptions to obtain a controlled substance. The employee was fired.

County and other public employees are encouraged to report fraud, waste and
abuse involving county employees by calling the hotline 800-544-6861 or logging
onto the website at www.lacountyfraud.org/Hotline.html.

troy.anderson@dailynews.com

213-974-8985

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday

Government Accountability Office to investigate city's mishandling of claims

BYLINE: Brian Bowling

LENGTH: 377 words


Pittsburgh's congressional delegation wants an outside agency to investigate the
mishandling of area veterans' benefit claims.

Three congressmen and two senators say in a letter to the Government
Accountability Office that an investigation by the Department of Veterans
Affairs' inspector general was "incomplete at best."

The inspector general's report confirmed allegations that Pittsburgh regional
office employees deliberately delayed processing some claims to obtain $300
performance bonuses. The report didn't confirm or refute an allegation that
office managers ordered the delay.

Rep. Jason Altmire, D-McCandless, said he and his fellow lawmakers are
"justifiably outraged" that the office abused a program intended to speed claims
processing and want a more extensive examination of what happened.

"We just feel like that report didn't address that issue," Altmire said.

A spokeswoman for the VA said the agency had no immediate response to the
delegation's letter.

Congress has been pushing the VA's Veterans Benefits Administration to eliminate
a persistent claims backlog for years. Part of that push included extra funding
for new software and performance bonuses, Altmire said.

More than 27 percent of some 4,850 claims at the Pittsburgh office have been
pending for at least six months, the fifth-highest backlog of the VA's 56
regional offices, according to the letter the congressional delegation sent to
the GAO.

Rep. Tim Murphy, R-Upper St. Clair, said lawmakers want the GAO to "find out
where the glitches are and (how to) get things back together."

While the GAO's investigation might end up looking at the overall system, Murphy
specifically wants a report on the Pittsburgh office to ensure no more claims
are intentionally delayed.

"The main thing I want them to do is find some solutions," he said.

Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Swissvale, and Sens. Bob Casey, D-Scranton, and Arlen
Specter, D-Philadelphia, also signed onto the investigation request.

Altmire said the GAO has investigated the backlog before, but a new
investigation is needed because the suggested fixes haven't worked.

"Everyone agrees that we need to find a way to clear up this backlog,
particularly with hundreds of thousands of new veterans coming into this
system," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             June 8, 2006, Thursday

911 operators charged with mishandling calls

BYLINE: NORMAN SINCLAIR, THE DETROIT NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 348 words


DETROIT - Two Detroit 911 operators were charged with willful neglect of duty
for their mishandling of calls from a 5-year-old boy who was trying to get help
for his dying mother.

"We expect our 911 operators to be level headed, to have common sense, to be
analytical, to ask the necessary questions, to exercise good judgment, be
skillful and be respectful - especially with a child,'' said Wayne County
Prosecutor Kym L. Worthy.

Sharon Nichols, 43, and Teri Sutton 47, both of Detroit, were charged Wednesday
with misdemeanors punishable by up to one year in jail.

Nichols and Sutton were suspended by the Detroit Police Department. The
department didn't comment on whether they will be disciplined further pending
the outcome of an internal investigation.

The 5-year-old, Robert Turner, now lives with his mother's sister, Deliana, and
her husband, Tyrone Patterson, who are his legal guardians.

A spokeswoman for Worthy said she expected Nichols and Sutton would turn
themselves in today.

Worthy said the operators treated the Feb. 20 calls as pranks and failed to
follow procedures designed to evaluate the nature of calls to the emergency
center. Operators sent police to the home to discipline the child for making
prank calls.

Three hours after the second 911 call, police found the boy's mother, Sherrill
Lynn Turner, 46, dead on the kitchen floor.

Turner called 911 at 5:59 p.m. on Feb. 20 and Nichols took the call. The boy
told her his mother had passed out, but Nichols insisted he put his mother on
the phone. Worthy said the call lasted 43 seconds. During that time, Nichols
failed to properly question the boy to determine the problem before hanging up,
officials said.

Three hours later, at 9:02 p.m., the boy again called 911 as his mother had
taught him to do, Worthy said. This time, Sutton spoke with the youngster for
one minute and 16 seconds.

Worthy said Sutton also disregarded the boy's statement that his mother had
passed out. Instead, she threatened to send the police over to discipline the
child.

Nichols was suspended for five days and Sutton for three after the incident.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 28, 1985, Saturday, Final Edition

Banks Accused of Mishandling Funds

BYLINE: From news services and staff reports

SECTION: Business; Roundup; C1

LENGTH: 180 words


Up to 100 national banks -- including the Chase Manhattan Bank and the Bank of
Boston_have been accused of mishandling estate and trust funds and have been
ordered to repay lost interest on the accounts by year's end, a published report
said yesterday.

The banks were cited by a top federal regulator for failing to invest income
from the accounts at prevailing market rates, the Boston Globe reported.

Instead of seeking out the highest yield, the banks are accused of investing the
money in their own low-yield accounts.

If the federal comptroller of the currency's office follows through on its
demand for reimbursement, some banks could wind up paying millions of dollars in
interest lost since the federal government adopted rules governing the
management of trust accounts in 1982, banking industry spokesmen say.

Bank spokesmen said the government's investment rules were never properly
explained, and vowed to fight any demand for reimbursement. "We feel that we're
in full compliance, so no reimbursement is owed," said Bank of Boston spokesman
Wayne Taylor.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

DeWine backs Pike County sheriff;
Mishandling of evidence in Rhoden murders reported.

BYLINE: By Holly Zachariah

SECTION: ; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 434 words


WAVERLY - Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine scoffed at reports that mishandling
of evidence in the Rhoden family homicides in Pike County has put the case in
jeopardy.

A Cincinnati television station reported on Wednesday that there are no
permanent security measures in place at the warehouse where Pike County Sheriff
Charles Reader and the attorney general's office are storing the three mobile
homes and a camper that were the scenes of the eight Rhoden homicides on April
22.

Speaking Thursday at a news conference on a separate matter, DeWine took time to
address the report and said the suggestion that anything happening at that
warehouse would harm the case is "ridiculous" and "ludicrous."

DeWine spokesman Dan Tierney said that the office has - and will continue to -
declined to discuss specific security measures, but he said the attorney general
has no concerns about the integrity of the evidence in the case.

After eight members of the Rhoden family were found shot to death in four homes
in April, Reader summoned the attorney general's Bureau of Criminal
Investigation to assist. Crime-scene technicians from BCI spent almost 24 hours
collecting, cataloging and processing evidence from inside the three trailers
and the camper where the victims were found.

Any evidence critical to the case was handled then, Tierney said.

Because the crime scenes were mobile, however, it presented authorities an
opportunity they typically don't have, Tierney said: To move them.

The move was made primarily to keep custody of the scenes so if and when someone
is charged and the case goes to trial, the trailers and the camper would be
available for a jury to walk through and view (something sometimes done by way
of a field trip for jurors).

Reader told The Dispatch months ago that he wanted the trailers moved initially
because, since an entire family had been killed and anyone who lived in those
trailers before was now dead, he feared they would be burned, looted or turned
into macabre tourist attractions. A local judge granted a court order allowing
authorities to seize the trailers.

Now that the estates of the victims are tied up in Pike County Probate Court,
another court order would be the appropriate action for if and when the time
comes to release the property, Tierney said.

The case, approaching its six-month mark in October, remains unsolved. A reward
of up to $10,000 is available for information leading to an arrest and
conviction. Tips can be called to Southern Ohio Crime Stoppers at 740-773-TIPS;
to BCI at 855-BCI-OHIO (224-6446) or the Pike County Sheriff's Office at
740-947-2111.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Court suspends Milwaukee attorney for mishandling public defender cases

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 262  words


The Wisconsin Supreme Court has suspended the license of a Milwaukee attorney
for mishandling four public defender cases.

Tuesday's discipline stems from an Office of Lawyer Regulation complaint filed
in March alleging six counts of misconduct involving four cases that Diane
Caspari had taken on for the State Public Defender.

The OLR alleged she had, among other things, billed the SPD for work she did not
do, failed to deliver a case file to counsel that was taking over a case, lied
to a judge and failed to file timely post-conviction appeals.

In the complaint, the OLR asked the justices to suspend Caspari's license for 60
days.

Caspari, who has been licensed to practice in Wisconsin since 2004, reached a
stipulation with the OLR, admitting to all the misconduct in the complaint and
agreeing to the discipline the OLR had suggested.

The court on Tuesday agreed to that discipline, suspending Caspari's license for
60 days. Because Caspari recently refunded the SPD for the amount she had
overbilled the agency over the years, the justices did not order her to pay
restitution.

Tuesday's discipline was not the first time the justices had disciplined
Caspari. The court privately reprimanded her in 2015 for failing to tell a
client about the status of his case and failing to refund fees she had charged
even though she did not do any work for the client before he fired her.

(follow id="erikastrebel" size="large" count="true"]

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 16, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Freeman aide heads to court;
Croslan accused of mishandling $600,000 grant

BYLINE: RHONDA COOK

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 737 words


Fulton County Sheriff Myron Freeman's top aide has been accused of mishandling a
$600,000 state grant his former business received to help welfare recipients
about to lose benefits.

The county's Superior Court will hear the Department of Human Resources' request
that Freeman's chief of staff, John Croslan, be forced to repay the money.
Though the agency filed a suit in June, Croslan has yet to respond.

Croslan also declined to comment Wednesday on the allegations in the suit or
this week's hearing. "I can't do that," he said. "It's a court activity, and
it's going to court on Friday, and I'm not making a comment at all until
Friday."

Croslan joined the Sheriff's Office when Freeman took charge in January 2005
after winning election the previous fall. Freeman ran on a platform of restoring
confidence in the Sheriff's Office, which had been rocked by an investment
scandal that cost former Sheriff Jackie Barrett her job.

As Freeman's top assistant, Croslan oversees the department's $100 million
budget.

When asked about the DHR suit during an interview, Freeman produced a written
statement.

The sheriff said the allegations "are not related to his duties at the Fulton
County Sheriff's Office. His work here has been excellent, and there is no
evidence to the contrary. Mr. Croslan's actions, while employed with the
Sheriff's Office, are my responsibility, which I accept without fear that he
would do anything illegal or inappropriate. I will monitor Mr. Croslan's work
here."

At the center of the dispute is a company Croslan incorporated in 1999 to
provide services for up to 400 women about to lose their welfare benefits under
the program Temporary Assistance for Needy Families.

Federal and state mandates changed in 1996, making such benefits temporary.
Georgia was scheduled to begin pushing women off the welfare rolls beginning in
2001.

To ease their transitions, the state was pushing the idea of a "one-stop shop"
for services to help the women.

Croslan, a former DHR employee, and partner Timothy Yates at the Metropolitan
Atlanta Opportunities Industrialization Center won a $1.2 million grant in 1999
to provide health screening, basic life skills training and preparation for
taking tests for high school equivalency certificates. The center also was to
offer drug rehabilitation programs and job training and placement.

The DHR said the company received half the grant, or $600,000, but never
produced the services. Croslan's center opened in September 1999 with a
celebration that cost almost $5,500. It was closed by the end of that year.

Though the DHR suit was filed in June, the problem was first investigated
several years earlier. In 2002 a subcontractor complained to county and state
DHR officials that Croslan's company was not paying its bills, and an internal
investigation began.

Eventually the matter was turned over to the FBI, but federal authorities
decided in June 2003 "there had been no intentional misuse of public funds,"
according to documents.

The information was turned over to state Attorney General Thurbert Baker's
office in the fall of 2004. The office decided it was too late to seek criminal
charges --- like conspiracy to defraud the state or theft --- so a civil suit
was brought instead, claiming breach of contract.

According to the DHR suit, the contract was awarded to Croslan and his partner
even before a request for bids was advertised and half the money was disbursed
the day the contract was signed even though there was no plan for services or
classes beyond the initial nine weeks of "soft skills training."

"Almost immediately upon classes beginning, MAOIC began neglecting its promise
under the contract to provide transportation and child care services to . . .
clients. The failure to provide these services resulted in clients not being
able to attend, or to continue to attend classes in which they had been
enrolled," the suit said. "MAOIC also failed to hire required service providers
or pay current subcontractors."

"It's incredibly disturbing to have an individual with this kind of situation
hanging out there [while] overseeing a nearly $100 million budget," County
Commission Chairwoman Karen Handel said. "I'm very concerned the sheriff is not
concerned."

The case will be heard by retired Judge L.A. McConnell, who was brought in from
Houston County after Fulton's judges recused themselves because they work
closely with Croslan on courtroom security.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

Principal Removed for Mishandling Cases of Alleged Cheating on State Test

BYLINE: By DEBORAH KOLBEN, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 354 words


The principal and assistant principal of a Brooklyn school were removed this
week for mishandling cases of alleged cheating on a state exam after a probe was
launched by a teacher who tape recorded the conversations she had with the
administrators.

The Department of Education began an investigation at Junior High School 14K in
Sheepshead Bay last August after a teacher complained the school leaders brushed
off his complaints that students cheated on a state social studies exam last
year. He tape-recorded conversations and handed them over to investigators.

The teacher, who has since been fired for unsatisfactory performance, allegedly
told the veteran principal, Ilene Agranoff, and assistant principal, Susan
Feeley, that students in his eighth-grade class had cheated on a state social
studies exam in the spring of 2004.

After the principal allegedly ignored his complaints, the teacher wrote a letter
to the schools chancellor, Joel Klein, in August 2004 asking him to look into
the matter. The investigation was completed in June 2005.

A spokeswoman for the Department of Education, Kelly Devers, said a probe by the
Office of Special Investigations found the principal and assistant principal had
"mishandled" allegations of students cheating.

"They have been removed from the school and we are pursuing disciplinary actions
against both," she said.

Ms.Agranoff, has served as New York City educator for about 30 years and has
served as principal at the school for more than a decade. Pending disciplinary
action, she has now been assigned to the regional office. She could face
punishment ranging from a letter in her file to termination. Ms. Agranoff could
not be reached for comment.

"We cannot comment on a personnel matter," a spokesman for the principal's
union, Brian Gibbons, said.

This is not the first case of a principal being charged with covering up
cheating on the state exams.

Earlier this year, the principal of the Cobble Hill School of American Studies
was removed after a 14-month investigation found he had covered up efforts to
inflate grades on the Regents exams in social studies in 2002 and 2003.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 10, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

Changes at CIA Will Give Agency Wider Role in Law Enforcement;
Revisions Follow Mishandling of Information in Iraq Loans Scandal

R. Jeffrey Smith, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A9

LENGTH: 957 words


The CIA's mishandling of information about a bank scandal involving loans to
Iraq has led to internal changes that will give the agency an enhanced and
possibly controversial role in future U.S. law enforcement activities, according
to CIA officials and independent experts.

The internal revisions are aimed at breaching -- without destroying -- the
political and bureaucratic barriers that traditionally have prevented the
intelligence agency from assisting domestic law enforcement investigations. The
barriers were erected to prevent the CIA from becoming involved in spying on
U.S. citizens at home, which it is generally barred by law from doing.

Under the reforms, officials said, the agency could be tasked by federal
prosecutors to collect evidence needed to bring indictments against foreign
corporations or individuals for violations of U.S. laws. It also could be
ordered to share more fully any information in its files relating to such
investigations.

Both missions would depart somewhat from what have been the CIA's principal
missions of informing U.S. policymakers about world events and influencing those
events through covert activities.

The changes grew out of recommendations by CIA Inspector General Frederick P.
Hitz, who concluded last month that "systemic, procedural and personal
shortcomings" at the agency had ruined its collaboration with law enforcement
officials probing $ 4 billion in illicit loans to Iraq by the Atlanta branch of
the Italian-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro.

Hitz determined that the CIA had improperly withheld some intelligence
information bearing on a central question in the BNL scandal: whether officials
at BNL's headquarters in Rome may have known of the loans. The intelligence
reports suggested that some BNL-Rome officers were at least aware of the loans,
but lacking access to the CIA's information, a team of prosecutors in Atlanta
pinned the entire responsibility for the loans on the director of the
BNL-Atlanta branch, Christopher Drogoul.

In a classified report, a summary of which was released by the agency last week,
Hitz attributed the CIA's error in part to "a general bias against disclosing
all relevant information in response to legitimate requests" from the Justice
Department and other federal agencies.

Hitz urged the agency to develop new rules for reporting information that
suggests criminal activities. He also urged the CIA's intelligence analysts and
its operations personnel -- who gather information and manage covert activities
-- to forge "strong and direct working relationships" with domestic prosecutors
and law enforcement officials.

Hitz made clear that such ties should go beyond the CIA's long-standing policy
of exchanging counterintelligence information with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and narcotics-related information with the Drug Enforcement
Administration. As a model for what Hitz had in mind, a CIA official, who asked
not to be named, cited the agency's contribution to the U.S. attorney's
prosecution of former Panamanian dictator Manuel Antonio Noriega in Miami.

A separate report on the BNL scandal by the Senate Select Committee on
Intelligence, also released last week, recommended more cautiously that the
agency undertake a broad-ranging study of its ties to law enforcement agencies,
including new mechanisms to ensure better coordination during criminal
investigations.

Once CIA information becomes embroiled in a trial, the committee said, "the
intelligence agency concerned should ensure that knowledgeable [CIA] officers
are physically present [in the courtroom] to provide guidance and assistance to
the local prosecutors, and with Department of Justice concurrence, to the court"
itself.

Former CIA director Robert M. Gates, before leaving office on Jan. 19, set the
changes in motion by ordering the agency to develop guidelines for possible CIA
collection, outside U.S. territory, of "information relating to potential or
ongoing federal criminal investigations and prosecutions."

Alluding to the controversy such a move might cause, Gates ordered that a CIA
task force work with the Justice Department to determine whether the new
cooperative relationship that is envisioned would require amending existing
legislation on intelligence-gathering, and thus, congressional approval.

R. James Woolsey, who was confirmed last week as the new CIA director and is to
be sworn in today, declined through a spokesman yesterday to comment on Gates's
action. But CIA officials said the changes will be pursued. The agency already
has allocated funds to revamp its records system so information can be readily
retrieved for use in law enforcement investigations.

Jeffrey T. Richelson, who has written several books on the U.S. intelligence
community, said he has reservations about officials tasking the agency to gather
intelligence on criminal suspects. "You're really getting into a quagmire --
both morally and legally -- and opening the door to a lot of pressure from other
agencies," he said.

The Senate committee raised another concern in its report, noting that if CIA
officials become involved in controversial criminal cases, "care must be taken"
to ensure that their work is not "steered" to a desired conclusion.

The National Security Act of 1947, which established the CIA, states that "the
agency shall have no police, subpoena, law enforcement powers, or internal
security functions."

A spokesman for Sen. Dennis DeConcini (D-Ariz.), who became chairman of the
intelligence panel last month, said yesterday that "evaluating and possibly
expanding opportunities for cooperation" between the CIA and domestic law
enforcement agencies is one of the senator's top priorities.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

How can notification for lead contamination be improved?;
A new report shows that environmental regulators in Ohio failed to release
warnings of elevated lead levels in drinking water in a timely manner, and the
mishandling of the system has the state's EPA and lawmakers calling for new
policies to protect residents.

BYLINE: Ben Thompson Staff

SECTION: Energy/Environment

LENGTH: 638 words


Several Ohio water systems failed to notify their customers of elevated lead
levels in their drinking water in a timely or proper manner, The Columbus
Dispatch reported.

The Dispatch found through Ohio Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) records
that 10 of 14 water systems in the state with lead contamination advisories did
not let people know about the tainted water within the mandated time limit of
two months, despite finding evidence of lead in tests conducted last year.

One of the water systems, in the northeastern Ohio village of Sebring, was was
forced by the EPA to inform its residents about elevated lead levels in January
after months of apparent bureaucratic mishandling or complicity. Water
regulators there knew about the problem since tests were conducted last summer,
and the state EPA was reported to have learned about the test results as early
as October.

The EPA cited Sebring in late January, and followed up with a second violation
notice last week after the village again failed to submit water test results to
residents and regulators.

"When EPA staff followed up this weekend to conduct cautionary testing on a few
homes that tested above the federal allowable level, it became evident that the
village had not notified these residents of their recent test results as quickly
and thoroughly as they should have," Ohio EPA director Craig Butler said in an
agency statement. "I expect the village to keep the public in mind and provide
prompt information to its residents."

Since the contamination situation was disclosed, several area schools and homes
tested positive for high lead levels. It has since been determined that the
Sebring area's water source is clean, but older pipes are tainting the water
they carry due to corrosion. Test results released last week showed that nearly
5 percent of samples taken in Sebring were above the federally allowable lead
levels of 15 parts per billion. The EPA said that running water for several
minutes before use would eliminate any possible lead threat.

Other affected water systems found throughout Ohio include schools, mobile home
parks, a daycare center, and an arboretum, according to the Dispatch. The EPA
has reported that people using water within those systems have been properly
notified.

Officials in charge of the contaminated systems, including Sebring, have cited
problems ranging from technology glitches to communication errors as the reason
behind the delayed notifications, and the series of events has Ohio's EPA
calling for a review of federal contamination regulations.

"I believe federal rules regarding lead in drinking water are overly
complicated, not easy to understand and not protective of human health," Butler
said in a January EPA release. "Following the federal rules have led to internal
protocols that are inconsistent with other drinking water protocols. Ohio EPA is
calling for US EPA to immediately overhaul its lead regulations."

In addition, Butler suggested revising the testing policies for water suppliers
and encouraging individual homeowners to conduct tests regardless of
municipality and water regulator actions.

The mismanagement of the lead issue in Ohio coincides with the ongoing emergency
in Flint, Mich., where similarly corroded piping exposed residents to water
contaminated by lead. That lead crisis has also been viewed as a mishandling by
government officials and environmental regulators.

The late notifications in Sebring and Flint prompted a call to shorten the
federally mandated 60-day warning timeline to a period that would be more in
line with residents' expectations. The US House of Representatives passed a bill
last week providing for notification from the federal EPA in the event of severe
contamination, and could draw up further regulations regarding lead testing and
resident notification.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 21, 2010 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Air Force mixes up bidding data sent to tanker rivals

BYLINE: H. Josef Hebert

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 581 words


The Air Force mistakenly gave rival companies sensitive information that
contained each other's confidential bids in a long-standing, multibillion dollar
competition to build a new refueling tanker.

Chicago-based Boeing and Airbus parent European Aeronautic Defence and Space are
in an intense competition for a $35 billion contract to build 179 new Air Force
tankers based either on the Boeing 767 jetliner or the Airbus A330.

Boeing received detailed proprietary information about the EADS bid;
corresponding information was given to EADS North America concerning the Boeing
bid.

"It was a clerical error and involved a limited amount of source selection
information," Air Force spokesman Col. Les Kodlick said late Friday in a
telephone interview with the Associated Press. Kodlick declined to be more
specific about what data had been transmitted.

Source selection information is data critical to the Air Force's making a
decision on which bid to select and could include technical data about the
competing aircraft as well as financial information. The Seattle Times, which
first reported Friday on the Air Force's mistake, said the data included crucial
pricing information on the competing bids.

Kodlick said the incident "will not delay" the awarding of the contract, which
had been expected before year's end but was recently postponed until early next
year. Kodlick said the postponement was not related to the disclosure of
proprietary data.

It was not clear what use - if any - the two companies made of the information
they received, reportedly on a computer disk.

"As soon as it happened and they received [the information] they recognized the
errors and contacted the Air Force contracting officers," Kodlick said. He said
the Air Force has taken steps "to make sure both companies have access to the
same information."

But if the information included price data, it could have an impact on each
company's final bid proposal. Pricing has been a key issue in the competition.
Last summer, Boeing chief executive Jim McNerney expressed concern in a meeting
with securities analysts that his company might be underbid by its European
competitor.

The Air Force is reviewing how the disclosures occurred and was "taking steps
that it doesn't happen again," Kodlick said.

Sen. Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.), who was briefed Friday on the incident, said it
was "an inexcusable mishandling by the Air Force of very sensitive, proprietary
data." Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) said in a statement that she is "deeply
concerned by the Air Force's mishandling of proprietary information" about the
tanker bids.

"This is a critical contract with serious consequences for our military and
economy, and this mistake will further delay an award that has already been
pushed back to allow an illegally subsidized company to compete," Murray said.

Boeing did not immediately return calls for comment.

The Air Force needs to replace its KC-135 refueling tankers, which date from the
1950s. It has been trying to pick someone to make the new tanker since 2003.
While the initial contract award was expected to be $35 billion, replacing the
entire fleet of old tankers could be worth up to $100 billion.

The competition had been intense between Boeing, the premier U.S. aircraft
manufacturer, and EADS, the heavily subsidized European aircraft consortium.

The Pentagon had hoped to award the contract by August after having extended the
bidding deadline so that EADS could submit its revised bid.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 27, 1994, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

JONES ADMITS MISHANDLING CAMPAIGN REPORTS; BUT COMPTROLLER'S COMMITTEES PAY $
10,000 FINE

BYLINE: Phil Linsalata Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 688 words


Standing before a Circuit Court judge Friday, St. Louis Comptroller Virvus Jones
admitted mishandling reports on $ 62,000 in campaign expenses and turned over $
10,000 in fines for his violations.

But Jones won't have to pay the fines himself.

"They were paid by the campaign committees," Jones said after the hearing. "The
complaints were not against Virvus Jones. They were against the committees, so
the committees will pay."

The fines in the civil proceeding are the largest in the short history of the
state's new Ethics Commission, established last year. Commission officials said
that, until the Jones case, the largest fines levied under the new campaign
disclosure laws had been less than $ 5,000.

The new law provides for the appointment of a special prosecutor in cases where
the commission finds grounds to investigate a complaint.

In Jones' case, the complaint was brought by Alderman James Shrewsbury, D-16th
Ward, who ran against Jones in the comptroller's race last year. Shrewsbury
filed the charges after the Post-Dispatch published stories questioning Jones'
campaign reports.

The hearing before Circuit Judge Michael P. David lasted less than three
minutes.

In the hallway after the hearing, Jones played down the importance of the
affair.

"I don't think anyone would say that this was a pleasant experience," he said.
But he called the matter a "technical violation." He added that he had "a solid
record of fiscal responsibility."

He admitted to two charges of failing to provide the names of canvassers who
were paid cash to go door-to-door and do telephone work for his campaign. The
law requires that candidates disclose the identity of such workers.

The special prosecutor in the case, Ronald E. Jenkins, challenged Jones' attempt
to characterize the case as a technicality.

"I don't believe, in light of the fines, that this was a minor deal by any
means," Jenkins said. "The Ethics Commission has sent a message . . . you must
comply with the law."

Shrewsbury said he was satisfied with the outcome of the complaint he filed.

"I raised this issue a year and a half ago when I was running, and Jones said he
was not violating the law. Now he is in court admitting that he violated that
law, so I feel vindicated," Shrewsbury said.

Jones called Shrewsbury's comments "the mutterings of a disgruntled loser."

Among the charges filed by Shrewsbury were two that resulted in no action. One
alleged that Jones used credit cards to charge thousands of dollars of personal
services and goods, then claimed them as campaign expenses.

A second said his campaign reports made it impossible to determine whether
payments to the comptroller's wife and daughter were legitimate campaign
expenses.

Jenkins, a former assistant U.S. attorney, said those two charges were outside
his jurisdiction.

"It is not our job to second-guess whether expenditures were for the campaign,
but whether they were reported accurately."

He said that Jones provided backup documentation for these expenditures.

He said also that his investigation confirmed that the $ 62,000 for canvassing -
most of it in cash - did in fact go to campaign workers in payment for services
rendered. He said this was confirmed by reviewing pay receipts signed by
workers, interviewing workers and talking to witnesses.

Jenkins was bound by law to complete his investigation within 60 days.

"Given the time constraints our investigation was thorough," he said. "I am
satisfied we got to the bottom of it." He said also that Jones cooperated fully
by making his records available.

Jenkins said that if he had found evidence that Jones had used the canvass costs
as a way to divert campaign cash into his own pockets, a grand jury proceeding
could have been initiated and criminal charges brought.

During the proceedings, Judge David asked if any fees or costs were to be
assessed against Jones. Jenkins said expenses are to be paid by the state, not
Jones.

After the proceedings, Jenkins said he "would not be surprised" if his fees and
the cost of the investigation exceeded the $ 10,000 fine.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color Photo by Karen Elshout/Post-Dispatch - Comptroller Virvus
Jones (left) shakes hands with special prosecutor Ronald E. Jenkins after his
brief hearing Friday.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 03, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

D.C. Police Launch Review of Traffic Detective; U.S. Prosecutors Allege
Procedural Errors, Mishandling of Evidence in Fatalities

Stephen C. Fehr; Brian Mooar; Cheryl W. Thompson, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1861 words


It was a simple trip on roller blades from an American University dormitory to a
Tenleytown mini-mart to buy a phone card. But it ended tragically when
18-year-old Matthew O'Dell was struck from behind by a truck whose hit-and-run
driver slammed O'Dell 30 feet into a tree. He died of head injuries 50 minutes
later.

Since that Jan. 28 night, no one has been charged. The investigation has been
shrouded in controversy and confusion over the handling of evidence, among other
issues. Now, law enforcement sources said, the probe into O'Dell's death is part
of a broader internal police review of the work done by a veteran traffic
detective assigned to the case.

D.C. police officials have launched a review of Detective Milton A. James after
federal prosecutors complained that he mishandled evidence and failed to
properly interview witnesses in several fatal accidents, including O'Dell's.

Law enforcement sources said U.S. Attorney Wilma A. Lewis met with Police Chief
Charles H. Ramsey on Wednesday to voice concerns about detective James. At the
meeting, "Ms. Lewis raised her concerns with the chief about the officer's
performance -- or lack thereof -- in conducting numerous investigations that
hampered the ability to prosecute the cases fully in courts," said a law
enforcement source speaking on the condition of anonymity.

An internal memo written by prosecutors who have worked with James accused him
of failing to interview witnesses in some accidents and of losing or mishandling
evidence in others, according to sources familiar with the memo. Both issues
have been raised in the aftermath of the death of O'Dell, an AU freshman who was
roller-blading with a friend in the 3800 block of Nebraska Avenue NW when he was
hit.

In an interview with The Washington Post, the friend with whom O'Dell was
roller-blading said that minutes after the fatal accident, Detective James cut
him off as he was explaining what happened. The friend, Jeremy Woodrum, 22, of
Loveland, Colo., was the only known eyewitness.

"As I was telling the detective what happened, he told me, 'That's enough,' "
Woodrum recalled. "I really didn't get to explain everything."

No one from the police department has contacted Woodrum since the accident,
Woodrum said. "I left two messages for the detective, but he never called me
back," Woodrum said of James. "I have yet to talk to anyone from the police. I
was really surprised."

James said in an interview last month that he wouldn't discuss the O'Dell case.

Meanwhile, police officials said that crime lab tests link a white truck owned
by a Northwest Washington man to the O'Dell accident. They said hair samples
taken from the 1998 Ford Ranger, which was impounded by police a day after the
accident, matched those of O'Dell.

The truck's registered owner is Shane Simeon Deleon, 45, a self-employed
carpenter living in a friend's MacArthur Boulevard NW home. He has not been
charged in the accident. Police sources said investigators have been able to
place Deleon in the truck about a half-hour before and after the 7 p.m.
accident.

After the truck was impounded, Deleon went to police to deny his involvement in
the accident. Deleon has at least three drunken-driving arrests in Maryland and
the District since 1993, court records show, leading to the revocation of his
Maryland license five years ago. D.C. motor vehicles officials later issued
Deleon a driver's license, even though he noted on his application that Maryland
had pulled his license.

A man at the MacArthur Boulevard home who answered a reporter's request to talk
to Shane Deleon on the telephone said, "I didn't do anything," and declined to
talk further. No one answered the door there yesterday.

"We have tried to talk to him but when detectives bore down on him, he requested
a lawyer and left," a police source said.

Chief Ramsey has initiated a review of several cases handled by James, and
before the Wednesday meeting, some of the detective's cases had been reassigned
to other investigators within the Major Crash Division.

Ramsey would not discuss details of the meeting with Lewis but expressed
frustration that word of their talk had leaked to the media. "We're just looking
to make sure that all the proper steps were taken, and if not, we want to know
why not. I can't say what happened right now because I just don't have enough
information."

Ramsey said he talked to the mother of Matthew O'Dell on Thursday to assure her
that the investigation of her son's death was moving forward.

Among allegations made by prosecutors about Detective James's performance
investigating the deadly cases, law enforcement sources said, are that he:

Failed to interview key witnesses and follow leads in the accident that killed
O'Dell.

Lost track of a car and mishandled evidence in an Oct. 7, 1998, accident that
fatally injured a deaf pedestrian at the intersection of Florida Avenue and
Sixth Street NE.

Failed to collect the victim's clothing and failed to interview some witnesses
and did cursory interviews of others in a May 24, 1997, accident that killed a
pedestrian in the 3000 block of V Street NE.

Detective James did not respond to calls left for him at his office, through the
police public information office and the office of the chief of police seeking
his comment on the allegations by federal prosecutors.

Disciplining or removing James could be a problem, law enforcement sources said,
because he remains an important witness in a variety of cases. In his role as a
traffic investigator, James works with the U.S. attorney's office on the most
serious cases, while also cooperating with the D.C. corporation counsel's
office, which handles most traffic offenses.

The family of the pedestrian killed in the 1997 hit-and-run on V Street also is
upset with James. Linda Walters said James failed to collect her son Brian's
clothing, which might have contained flakes of paint or other key forensic
evidence. Six months later, Walters said, James assured the family that he had
collected the clothing, but Walters said she had given the D.C. morgue
permission to throw it away on the day of her son's death.

"I'm not an investigator and I didn't know it was evidence," Walters said. "I'm
not supposed to know that. I'm just a mother."

O'Dell's mother was so frustrated trying to monitor the progress of the
investigation into her son's death that she hired her own attorney and private
investigators.

"It became very clear early on that they didn't know what they were doing," said
Kathleen O'Dell, of Vorheesville, N.Y., outside Albany. "The whole thing has
been disheartening."

Crime scene technicians from the 2nd Police District, who are less experienced
than the department's mobile crime scene technicians at investigating deaths,
were sent to collect evidence on the night of the accident. The evidence --
blood, hair, glass and fiber -- sat for almost two weeks before it was forwarded
to the FBI for analysis.

Assistant Chief Ronald Monroe said mobile crime was too busy to work the scene;
Assistant Chief Brian Jordan said his nine mobile crime scene technicians on
duty that night weren't busy, and weren't called. Sources said another detective
mistakenly ordered the technicians from the 2nd District to collect the
evidence.

"It should have been crime technicians from mobile crime," said 2nd District
Cmdr. Shannon Cockett.

What happened to the evidence after it was collected also is in dispute.

Cockett said once the evidence was collected, her technicians called mobile
crime and asked what they should do with it. "We were told to hold it until they
called for it," she said. "The call didn't come." On Feb. 18 -- nearly three
weeks after the accident -- it was sent to the FBI lab.

"It wasn't a matter of delay," Jordan said. "It was only because we wanted to
send the evidence together." Jordan said the department doesn't have a written
policy on how quickly evidence should be sent for processing.

"There usually isn't a problem, but in this particular case, there was," Cockett
said. "It is the investigator's responsibility to make sure evidence is
processed in a timely manner. The family has a right to be upset with us."

Deleon's troubles with alcohol-related traffic arrests began in the early 1990s,
court records show. In February 1993, he was stopped by Anne Arundel County
police and charged with driving while intoxicated and three other violations. He
was found guilty by a jury in August, fined $ 400 and placed on probation for a
year. He was also ordered to attend alcohol counseling.

Two months after his conviction, he was stopped again and charged with drunken
driving and three other violations, records show. A judge found him guilty in
March 1994 and sentenced him to a year in jail. The judge suspended nine months
of the sentence and ordered Deleon to serve three months under house arrest.

The two convictions prompted the revocation of Deleon's Maryland license on
March 29, 1994, according to court records and the Maryland Motor Vehicle
Administration.

He was eligible to apply for reinstatement in Maryland six months later, but
chose instead to apply for a District license. He received one despite noting
that his Maryland license had been revoked, a police source said.

D.C. officials should have denied the application at that point, officials said.

In March 1997, Deleon was charged with driving while intoxicated in the
District. He pleaded not guilty and the case was dismissed, D.C. Superior Court
records show. But on Feb. 3 of this year, six days after the hit-and-run
accident, the corporation counsel's office reissued the citation, and a court
hearing on the matter is scheduled for May 13, records show.

Henry Lightfoot, acting director of the D.C. Department of Motor Vehicles,
confirmed that Deleon was issued a D.C. license and said the matter is under
investigation. "If it's our fault, we're going to say it out loud. We are going
to make sure the public is protected," Lightfoot said.

Two years ago, the agency issued a driver's license to a Maryland truck driver
who had amassed at least 31 traffic tickets in three states over nine years. The
records of the tickets were not in the D.C. motor vehicles computer because the
agency lacked the staff to enter the data, officials said. The truck driver ran
a light at a Northwest intersection, slamming into a car driven by a 17-year-old
high school student, who died. The truck driver was convicted of manslaughter.

Against the backdrop of questions over the handling of the O'Dell probe,
students on the AU campus who knew O'Dell best are still grieving his death and
are puzzled the police haven't charged anyone.

Michael Belitzky, 19, of Tallahassee, one of O'Dell's two roommates, said: "I
think about it every day. Every time I walk by the site it makes me remember
Matthew. It angers me nothing has happened. It would mean so much to his mom and
to us if it gets resolved. It would bring closure for all of us."

Staff writers Peter Slevin, Linda Wheeler and Maria Elena Fernandez contributed
to this report.


LOAD-DATE: April 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, AMERICAN UNIVERSITY PHOTO

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

VETERANS' CARE;
VA employees question inquiry

BYLINE: Brad Schrade; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1230 words



HIGHLIGHT: Feds probe alleged mishandling of vets' applications for care.


Federal investigators with the VA inspector general's office appear to be in the
final stages of an inquiry into alleged mismanagement and mishandling of
hundreds of thousands of health applications at the Veterans Affairs national
enrollment office in Atlanta.

But some employees at the national Health Eligibility Center (HEC) are critical
of the investigation and say officials with the inspector general's office are
not vigorously pursuing leads they are giving them. They question if the
investigation will get to the bottom of what they say are systemic problems with
the VA's health enrollment system.

The VA inspector general's office has faced heightened scrutiny and criticism
for the way it appeared to dilute the findings of its investigation into patient
wait times earlier this year. That scandal emanated from the Phoenix VA but
exposed long waits at veterans hospitals across the country.

"The general consensus is they are just marking off the boxes," said Melissa
Mason, an HEC whistleblower who said she spoke to investigators last week.

"It was just a show. Nobody has faith in the IG."

The inspector general's office declined an interview request, but a spokeswoman
for Acting Inspector General Richard Griffin issued a statement that explained
the agency's efforts in Atlanta.

"The OIG's review of the allegations related to the Health Eligibility Center is
ongoing," said spokeswoman Cathy Gromek. "We will conduct more interviews as
necessary as we continue to review documents and information. We have
interviewed HEC staff including the complainant. We will work diligently in
conducting this review and will publicly report on the results when it is
complete."

Based in a nondescript DeKalb County office building just north of I-85, the
center oversees the critical enrollment process for millions of veterans
nationwide who seek care within the VA medical system. Essentially, the HEC acts
as the gatekeeper to VA health services; without enrollment approval, veterans
cannot access health benefits to which they are entitled.

After a wave of complaints from employees at the HEC, the inspector general
started investigating problems with the center's processing and recordkeeping
early this year. Investigators have yet to issue a report of their findings.

Frustrated by the oversight process in VA and doubting the IG's intentions, one
of the HEC employees, Scott Davis, spoke to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution for
a June article detailing allegations that thousands of veterans health
applications had been purged from the system. He also described a backlog of
hundreds of thousands of unprocessed veterans health applications stuck in an
administrative limbo without an enrollment decision and he described his
frustration as a whistleblower trying to get VA management and the White House
to look into the problems.

That article caught the attention of congressional investigators, who have
launched their own inquiry into the HEC. Davis testified before the House
Committee on Veterans' Affairs in July. Afterward, committee Chairman Jeff
Miller, R-Fla., asked the inspector general to also investigate the allegations.

Miller has criticized VA for myriad management failures and for its treatment of
whistleblowers. He's also been critical of the inspector general's office for
downplaying problems at the VA and withholding damaging reports about the agency
from Congress and the public. He said the inspector general, which reports to
the VA secretary, lacks the independence necessary to conduct proper oversight
of the agency, particularly with Griffin, who has been the VA's deputy inspector
general since November 2008, also serving as acting head of the office since
January.

"The Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Inspector General has demonstrated
time and again it is far from the independent watchdog it claims to be," Miller
told the AJC in a written statement. "Given the department's history of
misleading statements and subterfuge regarding a range of issues, it's time for
President Obama to nominate a permanent VA inspector general who will conduct
investigations and produce reports that explain problems in concise and
unambiguous language while drawing clear lines of accountability to VA employees
who are responsible for mismanagement that harms veterans."

VA officials declined a request to interview HEC management for this story. VA
public affairs officials say they don't comment on ongoing investigations. On a
visit to Atlanta on Wednesday, VA Secretary Robert McDonald said that "the vast
majority of employees believe the inspector general is doing (his) job."

He said he's asked Griffin's office "to be tough on us," and said he did not
believe the office under Griffin's leadership had been hampered by his acting
status.

"I think they are doing a good job," McDonald said. "I appreciate when they
criticize us. We can't get better unless we know where we are going wrong. So
I'm looking forward to their report."

McDonald said he does not know when a permanent inspector general will be named,
but filling the position remains his priority.

The chief HEC whistleblower, Davis, said he and other employees have been
unimpressed by the inspector general's efforts. He said employees have provided
documents and emails to back up allegations. Yet investigators don't seem to
grasp the problems or they don't seem to want to dig deep in their inquiry, he
said.

Davis said it took months after his congressional testimony for inspector
general investigators to contact him. He said they sent him a questionnaire in
November that he answered. When investigators visited the HEC last week to
interview employees, they set up in an office across the hall from Davis, but
didn't bother to interview him, he said.

The only follow-up from the November questionnaire was a request for him to
provide names of the people inside the agency who had provided him information.
There were no followup questions regarding the allegations that more than
800,000 health applications were frozen with no administrative decision from the
agency, including more than 47,000 veterans who died while on the pending list,
according to Davis.

Davis said some employees who spoke to investigators share his skepticism and
doubt much will come of the inquiry. Davis said he's been providing information
to congressional investigators and news reporters in an effort to make sure that
information gets out.

"There's significant concerns from VA staff that the preponderance of evidence
provided to OIG will never make it into the final report," Davis said. "The only
way I feel the truth will come out is by notifying Congress and the media."

Mason is among those concerned about the final report from the inspector
general. She said she and other employees have been interviewed by the inspector
general multiple times this year, and each time they've outlined the same
problems at the HEC.

She said she provided detailed information to investigators and even told them
where to go to get the answers, yet they don't seem to have followed up on her
leads.

"Why does it take the IG eight times to get the same info, and still nothing has
changed?" she said.

She said if investigators don't probe and really try to understand the
intricacies of the broken enrollment system, those who want to keep the problems
hidden can "tap dance around it all day long."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 19, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

2 More Colleges Accused Of Mishandling Assaults

BYLINE: By RICHARD PÉREZ-PEÑA and IAN LOVETT; Richard Pérez-Peña reported from
New York, and Ian Lovett from Los Angeles.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 643 words


Swarthmore and Occidental Colleges on Thursday joined the list of elite
institutions accused of mistreating victims of sexual assault and harassment,
and activists say they are preparing similar accusations against other
well-known colleges.

Complaints filed against Occidental with the federal Department of Education
allege violations of a federal civil rights law known as Title IX, and another
federal law, the Clery Act, which requires full public reporting of campus
crime. They seek investigations by the Department of Education.

Students filed a Clery Act complaint against Swarthmore and said they were
preparing a Title IX action.

The complaints were not made public, standard practice in such cases, but the
specifics the authors described echoed those heard elsewhere -- claims that
colleges are not tough enough on sexual harassment and sexual assault, suppress
the reporting of cases and treat victims callously. In the past two years, such
claims made about Amherst, the University of North Carolina, Wesleyan, Yale and
others have led to a mix of lawsuits, federal complaints, investigations by the
department, internal inquiries by the colleges, and revisions of their policies.

At a news conference in Los Angeles, organizers of the Occidental complaints
said they include accounts from 37 current and former students, including a few
men, about being victimized there.

''For the entirety of my last year in college, I continued to live every day in
fear,'' Kenda Woolfson, a recent graduate, said at the news conference. ''In
May, I watched as my rapist shook the hand of our college's president and
received his diploma, and I wished I had not been discouraged by a dean from
reporting the rape.''

Carly Mee, now a senior, said, ''When I told an administrator that I did not
feel safe, I was told that I had nothing to worry about, that she had met with
my rapist, and that he didn't seem like the type of person who would do
something like that.'' She said that even after the man was found responsible
for assaulting her and two other women, he would be allowed back to Occidental,
while she was afraid to return.

Occidental released a statement saying that it has already improved its sexual
misconduct procedures, adding, ''We readily acknowledge that Oxy has more work
to do, and are vigilantly ensuring our continual progress.''

Hope Brinn, one of those who filed the complaint against Swarthmore, said that a
fellow student repeatedly sexually harassed her and broke into her room in the
middle of the night. Ms. Brinn, a sophomore, said that college administrators
tried to dissuade her from making a formal complaint, made light of what had
happened, said that she was partly to blame, and in their official records,
inaccurately described her allegations to make them seem less serious.

Rebecca Chopp, president of Swarthmore College, announced this week that it
would ask outside experts to review its handling of sex-related cases, a step
that Occidental took a few weeks ago. On Thursday, Dr. Chopp declined to respond
directly to the complaint, which she said she had not seen, but she said that
Swarthmore has acknowledged flaws in its record and has been trying to address
them.''We've made changes in policies, we've provided more support and more
training, we've changed some personnel,'' she said.

Ms. Brinn and Dr. Chopp agreed on one point: the problem at Swarthmore is not
unusual. ''I think it's the same everywhere,'' Ms. Brinn said.

The Obama administration helped prompt the flurry of complaints against colleges
in 2011, when it issued a new interpretation of responsibilities under Title IX,
and warned that many colleges were even in violation of the previous, less
stringent reading of the law. Other cases, including the child sexual abuse
scandal at Penn State, have drawn attention to lapses in adhering to the Clery
Act.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/19/education/swarthmore-and-occidental-colleges-a
re-accused-of-mishandling-sexual-assault-cases.html

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sexual assault victims on Thursday accused officials at
Occidental College of not doing enough to stop rapes on campus. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
J. EMILIO FLORES FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Peninsula attorney faces disbarment for mishandling $157,600, officials say

BYLINE: By Joshua Melvin jmelvin@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 589 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A Peninsula attorney faces disbarment after being found
culpable of mishandling a trust for her son after $147,000 disappeared, people
involved in the case say.

Elizabeth M. Barnson Karnazes, of Foster City, was found guilty Monday in State
Bar Court of 10 misconduct charges centering on how she managed more than
$157,600 of her 25-year-old son's money, according to the ruling. She won't
legally be permitted to practice law starting Thursday and a permanent
disbarment, unless she appeals, would likely take effect when the state Supreme
Court weighs in.

Karnazes' attorney says she was the target of her mentally ill son Zachary
Karnazes, whose complaint sparked the case, and a State Bar that has made a
"total hash" of the accounting in the investigation.

"Her son will have destroyed her if she is disbarred," said attorney Paul
Vapnek, who added he couldn't comment on the conviction because he had not yet
seen the ruling of State Bar Court Judge Lucy Armendariz.

California currently has about 176,000 licensed lawyers and 89 were disbarred in
2011, said Bar spokeswoman Laura Ernde. Another 58 lost their law licenses in
2010.

It's not the first trouble with the State Bar for Karnazes, 57. She was publicly
reprimanded in 2010 for a 2007 incident where she was caught shoplifting from a
San Mateo Sears store. Clad in a Santa Claus hat she threatened to kill herself
as police questioned her, which led to her being forcibly hospitalized,
according to State Bar records.

In the current case, Karnazes was the attorney for her son in lawsuits against a
camp for troubled youth called Mountain Homes Youth Ranch and Odyssey School, a
private school for gifted children. The 2005 youth ranch suit ended with a
$40,000 payout and the 2006 case against Odyssey paid a $60,000 settlement,
court records show. A third suit resulted in a $56,995 payment. Her son also
received a $700 settlement in a workers' compensation case.

All the money ended up in Zachary Karnazes' trust account. But authorities say
his mom broke a host of rules with how she managed the account, including
depositing her personal money into it and keeping no records of where the money
went. The most serious allegation charged that though the account was supposed
to hold $157,689.50, in spring 2011 the balance was less than $10,000, according
to Bar records.

Despite written requests in 2009 from her son for money to pay for medical
treatment, Karnazes waited until June 2012 to give him a check for $53,507.97,
according to the Bar.

As the Bar was investigating her, Karnazes in June 2011 also tried to get her
son to waive his rights to the lawsuit money and prevent him from complaining.
In return, he would get $63,000 of his own money. The proposed agreement said
"in the event of any inquiry" the Karnazes would say "all of Zachary's claims
have been resolved and he is not at liberty to discuss the terms."

The Bar also said Elizabeth Karnazes provided, just days before her June trial
was to begin, a "summary account" of how son's money had been used. She noted
$28,391.70 in fees and costs as well as the roughly $53,500 payment to her son.
However, that left missing the remainder of the $157,600 that was supposed to be
in the account, the Bar said.

Vapnek, Karnazes' lawyer, said the case should never have gotten this far.

"Instead of trying to resolve a problem between a mentally ill child and a
lawyer the Bar decided" to pursue the charges, he said.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him atTwitter.com/melvinreport .

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 24, 2012 Wednesday

Peninsula attorney faces disbarment for mishandling $157,600, officials say

BYLINE: By Joshua Melvin jmelvin@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 589 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A Peninsula attorney faces disbarment after being found
culpable of mishandling a trust for her son after $147,000 disappeared, people
involved in the case say.

Elizabeth M. Barnson Karnazes, of Foster City, was found guilty Monday in State
Bar Court of 10 misconduct charges centering on how she managed more than
$157,600 of her 25-year-old son's money, according to the ruling. She won't
legally be permitted to practice law starting Thursday and a permanent
disbarment, unless she appeals, would likely take effect when the state Supreme
Court weighs in.

Karnazes' attorney says she was the target of her mentally ill son Zachary
Karnazes, whose complaint sparked the case, and a State Bar that has made a
"total hash" of the accounting in the investigation.

"Her son will have destroyed her if she is disbarred," said attorney Paul
Vapnek, who added he couldn't comment on the conviction because he had not yet
seen the ruling of State Bar Court Judge Lucy Armendariz.

California currently has about 176,000 licensed lawyers and 89 were disbarred in
2011, said Bar spokeswoman Laura Ernde. Another 58 lost their law licenses in
2010.

It's not the first trouble with the State Bar for Karnazes, 57. She was publicly
reprimanded in 2010 for a 2007 incident where she was caught shoplifting from a
San Mateo Sears store. Clad in a Santa Claus hat she threatened to kill herself
as police questioned her, which led to her being forcibly hospitalized,
according to State Bar records.

In the current case, Karnazes was the attorney for her son in lawsuits against a
camp for troubled youth called Mountain Homes Youth Ranch and Odyssey School, a
private school for gifted children. The 2005 youth ranch suit ended with a
$40,000 payout and the 2006 case against Odyssey paid a $60,000 settlement,
court records show. A third suit resulted in a $56,995 payment. Her son also
received a $700 settlement in a workers' compensation case.

All the money ended up in Zachary Karnazes' trust account. But authorities say
his mom broke a host of rules with how she managed the account, including
depositing her personal money into it and keeping no records of where the money
went. The most serious allegation charged that though the account was supposed
to hold $157,689.50, in spring 2011 the balance was less than $10,000, according
to Bar records.

Despite written requests in 2009 from her son for money to pay for medical
treatment, Karnazes waited until June 2012 to give him a check for $53,507.97,
according to the Bar.

As the Bar was investigating her, Karnazes in June 2011 also tried to get her
son to waive his rights to the lawsuit money and prevent him from complaining.
In return, he would get $63,000 of his own money. The proposed agreement said
"in the event of any inquiry" the Karnazes would say "all of Zachary's claims
have been resolved and he is not at liberty to discuss the terms."

The Bar also said Elizabeth Karnazes provided, just days before her June trial
was to begin, a "summary account" of how son's money had been used. She noted
$28,391.70 in fees and costs as well as the roughly $53,500 payment to her son.
However, that left missing the remainder of the $157,600 that was supposed to be
in the account, the Bar said.

Vapnek, Karnazes' lawyer, said the case should never have gotten this far.

"Instead of trying to resolve a problem between a mentally ill child and a
lawyer the Bar decided" to pursue the charges, he said.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him atTwitter.com/melvinreport .

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Capitol: Speaker Cargill quits after criticism for mishandling his personal
state taxes;
State House looks to move forward;
GOP likely to meet Monday to elect leader.

BYLINE: Randy Ellis and Michael McNutt, Staff Writers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 905 words


State representatives are faced with finding a new leader in a hurry next week
after House Speaker Lance Cargill stepped down under pressure Monday.

The 2008 legislative session begins Monday.

Republicans control the House but no GOP legislators there said publicly Monday
they will seek the powerful position. Gov. Brad Henry said he can work with
whoever takes over.

"It really doesn't matter to me," the Democratic governor said.

Cargill, R-Harrah, quit after being widely criticized for mishandling his
personal taxes. He said front-page news accounts of his personal issues were
overshadowing the important work ahead.

The Oklahoman reported this month that Cargill failed to file his 2005 and 2006
personal income tax returns until getting a warning from the state Tax
Commission. The Oklahoman also reported Cargill, an attorney, was late in paying
property taxes on his Harrah law office six years in a row.

"It is unfortunate that it had to come to this, but Speaker Cargill brought his
troubles on himself," said Rep. David Dank, R-Oklahoma City. "The people of
Oklahoma have a right to expect exemplary conduct of those they send to the
state Capitol, and he failed that basic test. Oklahomans should know that his
resignation came after considerable pressure from members of his own party."

Republicans plan to meet at 8:30 a.m. Monday to begin the process of selecting a
new speaker. The full House likely will elect the new speaker that afternoon,
possibly right after the governor's State of the State speech.

Cargill, 36, was first elected to the House in 2000 and has been speaker only
about 13 months. He will remain a representative. At the time of his election to
the leadership post, he was the nation's youngest House speaker.

"I want nothing more than for good ideas to be moved forward in this building,"
Cargill said at the Capitol in announcing his resignation. "I've long said that
for me, politics is not about personalities or political parties. It should be
about ideas, and I want those good ideas to move forward without the burden of
being weighed down by personal stories about me."

Cargill said he took full responsibility for his part in the negative publicity.
He said he hopes that the new speaker "can shift the focus back to the future of
this great state."

"One of the principal responsibilities of a leader is to put the needs of the
whole before any needs of my own," Cargill said. "And for the future I will,
with more inspiration than ever before, fervently pursue my ideas, but this time
not from a chair at the front of the chamber, but from the back of the chamber."

Cargill blamed an accountant for his failure to file his state and federal
income tax returns. He said he was upset with himself because he was due
refunds.

He said he took full responsibility for not paying his property taxes on time.
"I certainly apologize to the people of Oklahoma and to my colleagues, and will
take steps to ensure these matters are handled in a timely and efficient manner
in the future," he said Friday.

The state Ethics Commission also is believed to be investigating whether Cargill
had anything to do with how political checks intended for the Oklahoma
Republican Party instead went to the Oklahoma County Republican Party in 2004.
Cargill has denied wrongdoing.

He said Monday that stepping down as speaker puts him in a "better position to
respond to and defend against the false charges that have been made against me,
whether they be in the Ethics Commission or in other forums."

Contributing: Staff Writers Nolan Clay and John Greiner

WHAT'S NEXT

Looking for leadership in the House  Taking over on an interim basis is Rep. Gus
Blackwell, R-Goodwell.

Blackwell said Monday he is unsure if he will pursue the position.

"I don't know if anyone knows for sure if they're running or who's running,"
Blackwell said.

Other possible contenders are Rep. John Wright, R-Broken Arrow, who challenged
Cargill for the speaker's post in a closed meeting in October, and Rep. Susan
Winchester, R-Chickasha, who sought the post in 2006 but withdrew her name from
consideration.

Cargill was set to serve as speaker through 2010. House Republicans in October
elected him speaker-designate for 2009 and 2010.

Rep. Greg Piatt, House majority floor leader, said Cargill's resignation won't
throw the House majority into disarray.

"There's a great deal of empathy toward the speaker and his family," said Piatt,
R-Ardmore. "That's where our focus is personally. You've got a pit in your
stomach for him - what he's going through ... and how difficult that was for
him."

House Democratic leader Danny Morgan of Prague said his thoughts are with
Cargill and his family.

"There are good men and women who serve in the Oklahoma House of
Representatives," Morgan said. "We look forward to working together with them to
restore integrity to the House and pass legislation that is important to all
Oklahomans."

Some Democrats were less conciliatory.

"If the Republican speaker stepped aside because of unethical or illegal
campaign activities, then there is obviously a dark cloud over the Republican
caucus," said Rep. Mike Brown, D-Tahlequah. "We must ensure that the integrity
of the House is restored by guaranteeing that ongoing investigations not be
hampered in any way. Full and adequate funding for ethics reform is a priority.
The corruption at the state Capitol needs to stop right here and right now."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contributing: Staff Writers Nolan Clay and John Greiner

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Rep. Lance Cargill enters the room Monday before appearing in
front of reporters in the House Lounge at the state Capitol and read a brief
statement announcing his resignation as speaker of the House. Cargill did not
answer any questions. - BY JIM BECKEL, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: Rep. Gus Blackwell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            November 8, 2013 Friday

Lawsuit in Brunswick County over alleged mishandling of cremated remains: We've
got the 'who,' but not the 'where'

BYLINE: Phillip Bantz

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 500  words


New filings in a morbid lawsuit playing out in Brunswick County over the alleged
mishandling of cremated remains finally solve the mystery of who ran off with
Shep Dunn's ashes. But the question of what exactly happened to those ashes
remains unanswered.

Back in May, Shep's widow, Jennifer Dunn, sued the Peacock-Newman & White
funeral home for what she called the "inexcusable and unjustifiable" snafu that
resulted "in the irreparable desecration of Shep's body. "

She accused the funeral home of handing over Shep's ashes to someone who wasn't
supposed to have his remains, but the complaint left readers guessing about who
ran off with those missing cremains, as they're called in funeral industry
lingo.

Dunn and her attorney, Patrick M. Mincey of Wilmington, revealed the name of the
cremains culprit in an Oct. 25 motion to compel. His name is Joe Dunn, one of
the Shep's sons, who apparently is a black sheep of the family.

Dunn says in her motion that her late husband had "banished Joe Dunn from his
home many years prior to his death," but does not elaborate on the reason for
the banishment. Mincey would only say that Joe was "not allowed in the home for
several years because of a litany of ongoing problems. "

The latest move in the suit is an attempt to force the funeral home to hand over
proof that its directors have been taking annual continuing education courses
required by state law - Mincey suspects that they have not.

"We've been asking for it for months," he added. "There are some real questions
about whether they've been doing their continuing education and would have known
about the laws the funeral board service concluded that they violated. "

The N.C. Board of Funeral Service gave the funeral home a written warning for
the ash mistake, which happened back in 2011, but allowed it to stay in
business. An attempt to reach the home's attorney, Elva L. Jess of Southport,
was unsuccessful.

As for those traveling ashes, apparently another of Shep's sons, Shep Dunn Jr.,
gave brother Joe permission to pick up the cremains without Jennifer Dunn's
knowledge. She had authorized Shep Jr. to claim the ashes, but not Joe.

According to her complaint, Shep Sr. had wanted one half of his ashes spread
near his mother's and brother's graves in Sumter and the other half was to go in
the river behind his home in Southport.

Dunn held the Sumter service with the first set of cremains, but when she
returned to the funeral home to retrieve the second half of Shep Sr. she was
shocked to learn that those ashes were long gone, Mincey said.

"My client doesn't know and my client will never know" what became of the other
half of Shep Sr., he added. "And even if the ashes have been spread somewhere
and she's satisfied that's the truth she'll have to live with the fact that
she'll never be able to dispose of them properly, as he requested. "





http://www.nclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            November 4, 2011 Friday

Discipline recommended for city lawyer;
He was accused of mishandling a payment in a divorce case

BYLINE: Steve Patterson

SECTION: Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 290 words


A Jacksonville lawyer and former City Council candidate could have his law
license suspended for a month for mishandling a payment from a divorce case.

The punishment for David A. Taylor III was recommended to the Florida Supreme
Court last month by a Volusia County circuit judge who heard arguments from the
Bar about whether Taylor violated professional standards.

The judge, Matthew Foxman, concluded Taylor broke a Bar rule forbidding any form
of dishonesty, fraud or misrepresentation.

The Supreme Court will make the final decision on any discipline, Bar
spokeswoman Susannah Lyle said Wednesday.

The complaint against Taylor, who ran for an at-large council seat this year,
involves a St. Johns County woman who hired him in 2009 to defend her husband in
a sex crime case. When the couple split later, she asked Taylor to find someone
to handle an uncontested divorce.

Foxman wrote that the woman provided a check for $2,000 and left the recipient's
name blank, expecting Taylor would make it out to the attorney taking over the
case.

Taylor put his own name on the check and paid another attorney $1,000 to handle
the divorce, Foxman wrote. He said Taylor sent about $400 to the court clerk for
costs in the case and kept almost $600 that was left over, returning it to the
woman after the complaint was filed.

Taylor has never been disciplined before but has been repeatedly scrutinized by
the Bar.

This year he was part of an investigation into a seeming forgery of a judge's
signature on an eviction document at a rental home Taylor owned. In 2010 a Bar
committee dismissed a complaint that Taylor overbilled for work as a
court-appointed defense lawyer.

Taylor, 39, declined to comment on Foxman's findings.

Steve Patterson: (904) 359-4263

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 15, 1985, Tuesday, Final Edition

Famine Aid 'Witch Hunt' Decried;
Religious Group Rebuts Accusations of Mishandling Funds

BYLINE: By Jay Mathews, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; World News; A11

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14, 1985


The leader of an international religious organization accused of mishandling
funds for starving Africans today called the charges a "witch hunt" and said his
group had provided $168,575 so far for Ethiopian relief.

At a news conference, International Christian Aid (InterAid) president and
founder Joe Bass and his staff presented telexes from their Amsterdam office and
an Antwerp lading bill to show that an automobile, medical supplies and protein
blend food had been dispatched to Ethiopia in late December.

Last week a French medical team in Addis Ababa said it had not received money
and supplies promised by the California-based relief and religious organization.

Bass, who cut short a Mexican vacation to respond to the charges, said today
that it had needed time to compile the data and that much of the organization's
aid apparently had been delayed in transit from Europe and by Ethiopian red
tape.

In the meantime, he said, "it appears to me there is a witch hunt going on. Wild
and reckless statements have been made, which are not only unfair to our
organization but also hurt all relief efforts and, ultimately, the needy people
we serve."

Bass said he was channeling much of his aid through the Christian Relief and
Development Association (CRDA), which he said is an umbrella group representing
many foreign organizations and is headed by a Brother Augustine O'Keefe. A
spokesman for the U.S. Agency for International Development said it had no
record of such an organization. There was no reply today to a telex sent by The
Washington Post to an Addis Ababa number for CRDA provided by InterAid
officials.

The California state attorney general's office has begun an investigation of
InterAid, based in Camarillo, Calif., for possible misappropriation of funds.
Ventura County District Attorney Michael Bradbury, who has also been
investigating complaints from former InterAid employees about misuse of funds,
said today he will meet Thursday with federal prosecutors interested in the
case.

Bass, a Christian minister, said InterAid has a two-man medical team in Ethiopia
led by Dr. Eric Mercier. Mercier, reached by telephone in his Addis Ababa hotel
room, verified this and said three more team members were waiting in Kenya for
Ethiopian visas.

Mercier said he is French physician with several years experience in Africa. He
said he began working for InterAid in September and "I have no problems with
them so far."

He said he had located the $10,000 in drugs dispatched to the French group,
Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) on Dec. 26 and planned to
deliver them later Tuesday. He said the drugs had been temporarily lost in a
shipping mix-up.

Bass described his organization's activities in Ethiopia since it began on Nov.
9 a major U.S. advertising campaign for contributions for starving Ethiopians.

Using newspaper ads, mass mailings and television appeals, InterAid raised
$251,487 for Ethiopian relief by Dec. 31. Bass said another $83,000 has been
collected since then.

Bass said InterAid spent $25,000 for 25 tons of protein blend food dispatched
Dec. 19, $12,500 for a Landcruiser shipped Dec. 21 and $10,000 for the drugs
shipped via Ethiopian Airlines. He said, on top of $6,000 in initial expenses,
an additional $115,075 was dispatched Dec. 31 for the support of Mercier's team.
Mercier said he thought that money was now waiting in Kenya.

Bass said "grossly overstated reports" that he had raised $20 million for
Ethiopian relief "created a major problem." He said that the Ethiopian
government was demanding that "the full nonexistent millions" be spent and that
Brother O'Keefe had "expressed confusion."

Bass said of the $33 million raised by InterAid worldwide in fiscal 1984, 16.5
percent was spent on fund-raising and 3.8 percent on administration.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 15, 1985, Tuesday, Final Edition

Famine Aid 'Witch Hunt' Decried;
Religious Group Rebuts Accusations of Mishandling Funds

BYLINE: By Jay Mathews, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; World News; A11

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14, 1985


The leader of an international religious organization accused of mishandling
funds for starving Africans today called the charges a "witch hunt" and said his
group had provided $168,575 so far for Ethiopian relief.

At a news conference, International Christian Aid (InterAid) president and
founder Joe Bass and his staff presented telexes from their Amsterdam office and
an Antwerp lading bill to show that an automobile, medical supplies and protein
blend food had been dispatched to Ethiopia in late December.

Last week a French medical team in Addis Ababa said it had not received money
and supplies promised by the California-based relief and religious organization.

Bass, who cut short a Mexican vacation to respond to the charges, said today
that it had needed time to compile the data and that much of the organization's
aid apparently had been delayed in transit from Europe and by Ethiopian red
tape.

In the meantime, he said, "it appears to me there is a witch hunt going on. Wild
and reckless statements have been made, which are not only unfair to our
organization but also hurt all relief efforts and, ultimately, the needy people
we serve."

Bass said he was channeling much of his aid through the Christian Relief and
Development Association (CRDA), which he said is an umbrella group representing
many foreign organizations and is headed by a Brother Augustine O'Keefe. A
spokesman for the U.S. Agency for International Development said it had no
record of such an organization. There was no reply today to a telex sent by The
Washington Post to an Addis Ababa number for CRDA provided by InterAid
officials.

The California state attorney general's office has begun an investigation of
InterAid, based in Camarillo, Calif., for possible misappropriation of funds.
Ventura County District Attorney Michael Bradbury, who has also been
investigating complaints from former InterAid employees about misuse of funds,
said today he will meet Thursday with federal prosecutors interested in the
case.

Bass, a Christian minister, said InterAid has a two-man medical team in Ethiopia
led by Dr. Eric Mercier. Mercier, reached by telephone in his Addis Ababa hotel
room, verified this and said three more team members were waiting in Kenya for
Ethiopian visas.

Mercier said he is French physician with several years experience in Africa. He
said he began working for InterAid in September and "I have no problems with
them so far."

He said he had located the $10,000 in drugs dispatched to the French group,
Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) on Dec. 26 and planned to
deliver them later Tuesday. He said the drugs had been temporarily lost in a
shipping mix-up.

Bass described his organization's activities in Ethiopia since it began on Nov.
9 a major U.S. advertising campaign for contributions for starving Ethiopians.

Using newspaper ads, mass mailings and television appeals, InterAid raised
$251,487 for Ethiopian relief by Dec. 31. Bass said another $83,000 has been
collected since then.

Bass said InterAid spent $25,000 for 25 tons of protein blend food dispatched
Dec. 19, $12,500 for a Landcruiser shipped Dec. 21 and $10,000 for the drugs
shipped via Ethiopian Airlines. He said, on top of $6,000 in initial expenses,
an additional $115,075 was dispatched Dec. 31 for the support of Mercier's team.
Mercier said he thought that money was now waiting in Kenya.

Bass said "grossly overstated reports" that he had raised $20 million for
Ethiopian relief "created a major problem." He said that the Ethiopian
government was demanding that "the full nonexistent millions" be spent and that
Brother O'Keefe had "expressed confusion."

Bass said of the $33 million raised by InterAid worldwide in fiscal 1984, 16.5
percent was spent on fund-raising and 3.8 percent on administration.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 24, 2015 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Petraeus admits mishandling top-secret materials, avoids prison in plea deal

BYLINE: Adam Goldman

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 773 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE


CHARLOTTE - David H. Petraeus, a retired general considered one of the greatest
military minds of his generation, pleaded guilty Thursday to a misdemeanor
charge of mishandling classified materials, ending a long-running legal saga
that had threatened to send him to prison.

Petraeus, who admitted he provided the materials to his former mistress and
biographer, will instead face a two-year probationary period. U.S. Magistrate
Judge David Keesler also imposed a $100,000 fine - more than double the amount
recommended by prosecutors - to reflect the "seriousness of the offense."

Before the sentencing, Keesler asked Petraeus whether he wanted to address the
court. The former CIA director apologized to "those closest to me and others,
including this court, for the pain my actions have caused."

The plea follows a high-profile investigation and prosecution that triggered
Petraeus's resignation from the CIA in 2012. As part of an agreement with
prosecutors, he admitted that he improperly removed and retained highly
sensitive information in eight personal notebooks that he gave the biographer,
Paula Broadwell, to read.

The deal angered FBI agents who worked on the lengthy investigation and who
thought Petraeus should have been treated more harshly because of the
information in the notebooks and what they considered his lack of candor.

When FBI agents confronted him in his CIA office in October 2012, Petraeus said
he had never provided classified information to Broadwell, prosecutors said.

Making a false statement to a federal law enforcement agent during an
investigation is a felony, a crime punishable by up to five years in prison. On
Thursday, Keesler told Petraeus that he had been "untruthful" and that his
behavior "constituted a serious lapse of judgment."

It's unclear whether the guilty plea will affect the former CIA director's
security clearances or his access to the White House, where he has counseled
senior administration officials on how to combat the Islamic State.

The FBI began investigating Petraeus after Broadwell sent threatening e-mails to
Jill Kelley, a Florida woman who knew the general from his days in Tampa.
Kelley, unaware of the sender's identity, called the FBI. The bureau later
traced the messages to Broadwell and uncovered explicit e-mails between her and
Petraeus.

Agents also learned that Broadwell was in possession of classified documents,
triggering an investigation of how she obtained them.

The FBI searched Petraeus's house in April 2013 and found the books in an
unlocked drawer in his study. The books contained top-secret information that
the Justice Department said could cause "exceptionally grave damage" to national
security if disclosed.

That information included code words for secret intelligence programs,
identities of covert officers, war strategy and deliberative discussions with
the National Security Council.

Although Petraeus provided Broadwell books to help her write the general's
memoir, prosecutors said her book, "All In," did not contain classified
information.

During the Thursday hearing, one of Petraeus's attorneys, David E. Kendall, told
the judge, "This is not a case about dissemination of classified information
into the public." He urged the judge not to incarcerate his client on the
misdemeanor charge, which carried a possible sentence of up to one year in
prison.

"A sentence of incarceration on these facts would be unprecedented and a
deviation from the norm," said Kendall, who stressed the former general's
service as a commander of two wars.

He also read letters of support for the general and said the proposed sentence
in the plea agreement was a "just resolution."

Keesler accepted the probationary period of two years but said a fine of $40,000
would be insufficient.

"The court simply has a different view," the judge said.

It's unclear whether Broadwell will be charged. Any prosecution, current and
former officials said, could prove difficult given that Petraeus faces only a
misdemeanor. Her attorney declined to comment.

Petraeus now serves as chairman of the KKR Global Institute, a part of the
private-equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts.

He is not the first former CIA director to face criminal charges. In December
1996, Director John Deutch resigned after it was discovered that he had stored
highly classified documents on his home computer, which was connected to the
Internet.

After a criminal investigation, Deutch agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor
and pay a $5,000 fine. But before the prosecutors could file the papers in
federal court, President Bill Clinton pardoned him on his last day in office.

adam.goldman@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Bel Air solo suspended for mishandling funds, ignoring conflict

BYLINE: Lauren Kirkwood

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 768  words


The Court of Appeals has indefinitely suspended a longtime Bel Air solo attorney
for ignoring a clear conflict of interest and mishandling client funds, as well
as not responding to requests from Bar Counsel for information.

Complaints filed by two of Kevin Trent Olszewski's clients led to an Attorney
Grievance Commission investigation ending in his suspension, although he will
have the right to reapply to the bar after six months.

In the first case, Olszewski, a graduate of the University of Baltimore School
of Law who was admitted to the Maryland Bar in 1982, was representing Shaneise
T. Ware and her husband after the couple sustained injuries in a single-vehicle
car accident in September 2009.

Olszewski obtained Personal Injury Protection benefits on behalf of the couple
from Mrs. Ware's insurance agency, and during further investigation, discovered
that their car was a rebuilt salvage vehicle -- a fact that had not been
disclosed to the Wares when they purchased it from BH Motors several months
before.

However, in June 2012, the Wares complained to bar counsel that Olszewski would
not return their calls or advise them on the status of their case. Olszewski
ignored several attempts by Bar Counsel to contact him for information in the
following months.

On Sept. 21, 2012, Olszewski filed a civil action in Harford County Circuit
Court on behalf of Mr. Ware against Mrs. Ware, who was driving the vehicle when
it crashed. Three days later, he filed a separate action in the court on behalf
of both Mr. and Mrs. Ware against BH Motors. Both cases were later dismissed.

"(Olszewski's] joint representation of Mr. and Mrs. Ware became a conflict of
interest, at the very latest, when (he] filed suit on behalf of Mr. Ware against
Mrs. Ware," Judge Clayton Greene Jr. wrote for the Court of Appeals. "... (He]
should have been aware that there was a potential conflict of interest at the
outset of the representation, knowing that as a result of the automobile
accident, Mr. and Mrs. Ware had adverse, competing interests. "

The phone number for Olszewski's Bel Air office was not in service on Wednesday,
according to a telephone company recording. Bar Counsel Glenn Grossman declined
to comment on the case.

The second complaint stemmed from Olszewski's representation of the Bel Air
office of Dr. Ramon A. DeJesus, a plastic and reconstructive surgeon.

Olszewski was hired on a contingent fee basis to collect fees on delinquent
accounts owed to DeJesus' practice, at an agreed-upon fee of 33.3 percent of the
amount collected. In his agreement with the office, Olszewski stated that he
would only accept claims greater than $3,000, because it would be
cost-prohibitive to handle smaller collections.

However, on one account that Olszewski handled, the patient's balance of about
$9,000 was subject to change through an insurance adjustment, which Olszewski
didn't know was a possibility when he took the account. After adjustment, the
actual insurance payment amounted to $1,745.

Olszewski told DeJesus his contingency fee was 33.3 percent of the $1,745 he
actually collected, plus 15 percent of most of the $7,000 he had not collected.
When the office disputed his right to the 15 percent, Olszewski began
withholding money from payments a another patient of DeJusus was making to him,
without explaining this to the doctor's office.

On Sept. 27, 2013, the Attorney Grievance Commission filed a petition for
disciplinary or remedial action against Olszewski.

The Court of Appeals referred the case to Judge Robert Edward Cahill Jr. of the
Baltimore County Circuit Court. Cahill held an evidentiary hearing on Feb. 20.

After the hearing date but before argument in the Court of Appeals, Olszewski
returned the withheld funds to Dr. DeJesus.

The Court of Appeals took into account mitigating factors, including Olszewski's
32 years of practice without any prior discipline, his acknowledgement of his
mistakes and his expressions of remorse, in concluding that indefinite
suspension with the right to reapply after six months was the appropriate
sanction.

"As found by Judge Cahill, at the time of the misconduct, (Olszewski] was
experiencing difficult personal issues and was in 'a sort of representational
paralysis,' but there was 'an absence of dishonest or selfish motive,'" Greene
wrote.

The case is Attorney Grievance Commission of Maryland v. Kevin Trent Olszewski,
Misc. Docket AG No. 48, September Term 2013. Argued Dec. 10, 2014. Opinion filed
Jan. 27, 2015.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

State suspends Chico accountant's license after mishandling trust

BYLINE: By Ryan Olson rolson@chicoer.com @NorCalJustice on Twitter

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 653 words


SACRAMENTO &GT;&GT; A state board has suspended a Chico accountant's license for
six months for mishandling a family's trust.

The California Board of Accountancy, which operates under the Department of
Consumer Affairs, announced Monday the immediate suspension of the certified
public accounting licenses of Martin Meester and his business, Meester & Co., on
six causes of action, including gross negligence, a breach of fiduciary
responsibilities, and practicing without a valid certificate.

In a 2009 petition filed in Butte County Superior Court, the family alleged
Meester's actions caused the initial trust and two successor trusts to lose
about $1 million, according to the accusation filed with the board. Meester, who
has been licensed since 1981, settled the matter in March 2012 for $30,000, but
failed to report the action to the board until September 2013, which was another
violation.

The accountant and business will be on probation for five years, according to
board spokeswoman Lauren Hersch. They will be permanently prohibited from acting
as a trustee, but they may later petition for it to be lifted.

The suspension and probation are part of a stipulated settlement and
disciplinary order agreed to by Meester and his attorney in late July and
August. The settlement went into effect Sunday after the board approved it Sept.
26, Hersch said.

Hersch said the board's mission was to protect consumers through things such as
licensing and continuing education. When an accountant breaks the rules, it's
the board's responsibility to make sure consumers are aware of it.

Messages were left at the offices of Meester and his attorney Monday afternoon.

Filed late tax returns

According to the amended accusation filed by the board's Executive Officer Patti
Bowers, Meester had been named the successor trustee for a man who established a
trust in April 2001 to benefit the man's wife and son.

After the man died in December 2001, Meester became trustee and filed estimated
estate taxes within nine months, and had until September 2005 to file the tax
returns.

When the tax returns were filed in September 2009, they failed to include
specific deductions that led to an overpayment of $50,409 in federal taxes and
$9,495 in state taxes.

Meester reportedly filed an amended tax return after the civil matter resolved
in 2012, but tax agencies denied the claims because the federal deadline to
claim refunds had expired in 2005.

Meester also improperly worked as certified public accountant during four
periods totalling about 18 months since 2000 when his license was expired for
either failing to pay renewal fees or failing to declare he had completed
continuing education courses. During two of those periods in 2006 and 2008, the
accountant charged and performed work for the family.

Taken to court

Meester was involuntarily removed as trustee in August 2011. During his tenure
as trustee, he charged the trusts $127,141 for accounting services but didn't
inform the family of the charges or provide itemized statements until ordered to
in June 2009.

The decedent's son had verbally asked for accounting information at least once a
year from 2002 to September 2009.

The matter eventually ended up in court when the son filed a petition in May
2009. The petition alleged Meester failed prepare a proper tax return, charged
for services without evidence the work was done and committed acts and omissions
costing the family's trusts about $1 million.

In October 2012, Bowers demanded that Meester report the settlement to the
board, but he didn't do so until after Bowers filed the original accusation in
June 2013.

As part of the settlement, Meester is required to pay $30,000 in restitution to
the family trust, $29,557 for the board's investigation and a $10,000 fine.
Meester must also complete continuing education courses, including ethics
classes.

Reach reporter Ryan Olson at facebook.com/NorCalJustice and 896-7763.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Wal-Mart Is Fined $82 Million Over Mishandling of Hazardous Wastes

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE CLIFFORD

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 601 words


Wal-Mart Stores pleaded guilty Tuesday to improperly dumping hazardous waste in
California and Missouri, agreeing to pay almost $82 million in fines.

The retailer was charged with six counts of violating the Clean Water Act in
California and one count of violating a federal law related to pesticide
disposal in Missouri.

The guilty plea on all counts brings to an end years of investigations and legal
wrangling that pitted the nation's largest retailer against government
authorities over charges that employees were throwing hazardous products in the
trash and into sewage systems.

While the legal issues have not made a significant dent in the retail giant's
finances, they have prompted Wal-Mart to revamp its procedures. The company has
added training on proper waste disposal for its store employees and created a
compliance office consisting of former officials with the Environmental
Protection Agency, among other people.

The problems stem from incidents beginning in 2003. At the time, Wal-Mart
workers tossed products, like bleach and fertilizer, into the trash or the local
sewer system, rather than dealing with them as hazardous waste, according to
authorities.

''Retailers like Wal-Mart that generate hazardous waste have a duty to legally
and safely dispose of that hazardous waste, and dumping it down the sink was
neither legal nor safe,'' André Birotte Jr., the United States attorney for the
Central District of California, said. In Missouri, the company was routing
damaged items that its customers had returned, including pesticides, to a
facility where the items were processed for resale without proper permits.
''Regulated pesticides were mixed together and offered for sale to customers
without the required registration, ingredients, or use information,'' the
Justice Department said in a statement.

Wal-Mart ''put the public and the environment at risk and gained an unfair
economic advantage over other companies,'' Ignacia S. Moreno, assistant attorney
general for the Justice Department's Environment and Natural Resources Division,
said in a statement.

Wal-Mart noted in a statement that it had not been accused of any specific
environmental damage as a result of the improper handling.

After the allegations of improper dumping came to light, the company in 2006 put
into place a program telling employees how to handle the waste and created a
compliance office. For instance, an employee must now put returned or damaged
items that are classified as hazardous into a special chemical bag.

The employee must then label the bag's contents, put the bag in a bucket liner,
seal the liner, and place the liner into a color-coded bucket -- red for nail
polish, blue for aerosols. A hazardous-waste hauler takes the bucket from the
store to a treatment center, along with documentation.

''Once we learned of these allegations, we looked into it, investigated it, and
decided to put this program in place,'' said Wal-Mart spokeswoman Brooke
Buchanan, ''so they know if something is determined as hazardous waste.''

The guilty plea comes after settlements that Wal-Mart reached with California
and Missouri in 2010 and 2012 on the same charges. Tuesday's fines include $60
million for violations of the Clean Water Act in California; $14 million for a
violation of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act in Missouri;
and a $7.6 million civil penalty to the E.P.A.

In total, Wal-Mart will have paid more than $110 million to resolve all these
related cases. Wal-Mart, which had $128 billion in revenues last year, said the
payments should not have a material effect on its business.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/29/business/wal-mart-is-fined-82-million-over-
mishandling-of-hazardous-wastes.html

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A Walmart in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart Stores pleaded guilty in
the disposal of wastes in California and Missouri. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JAE C.
HONG/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            April 24, 2010 Saturday

Vatican official accused of mishandling case

BYLINE: PADDY AGNEW in Rome

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 675 words


AN ITALIAN advocacy group that defends the rights of paedophile victims has
accused Vatican chief prosecutor Msgr Charles Scicluna of mishandling the case
of alleged paedophile priest Don Ruggiero Conti, who is on trial in Rome.

At a Rome news conference yesterday, Roberto Mirabile, president of La Caramella
Buona, said that he had had a meeting with Msgr Scicluna on July 18th, 2007.

He had requested the meeting because his association had received several
reports alleging paedophiliac activity by Don Ruggiero, based in the Rome parish
of Natività di Santa Maria Santissima.

During the course of a 30-minute meeting with Msgr Scicluna at the Congregation
for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF), Mr Mirabile showed the Vatican prosecutor
extensive documentation containing various allegations against Don Ruggiero.

At one point during the meeting, Msgr Scicluna left the room and returned 10
minutes later to say that he had no information about Don Ruggiero, adding that
La Caramella Buona could take the matter further themselves if they wanted.
Furthermore, Msgr Scicluna handed back the incriminating documentation.

Almost one year later, in June 2008, Don Ruggiero was arrested while still
serving as parish priest at Santa Maria Santissima. Police investigators claim
that he continued to abuse minors until March 2008, nine months after Mr
Mirabile s meeting in the Vatican, prompting La Caramella Buona to claim that
had Msgr Scicluna or some other church figure intervened, other crimes of sexual
abuse of minors could have been avoided.

Msgr Scicluna was unavailable for comment yesterday afternoon. In a recent
interview with Spanish daily  El Pais, however, he expressed his regret that  La
Caramella Buona is against me, but when I met them, they weren t able to provide
me with signed statements .

Further from Rome, the clerical sex abuse scandal provoked fresh embarrassment
for the Holy See yesterday when it was announced that Pope Benedict XVI had
accepted the resignation of Belgian bishop Roger Vangheluwe.

In a statement yesterday, Dr Vangheluwe admitted that he had sexually abused a
minor when he was a priest, and  for a certain period at the beginning of my
episcopate .

Archbishop Andre-Mutien Léonard, primate of the Belgian Catholic Church, said
that Dr Vangheluwe had resigned  out of respect for the victim and his family,
and out of respect for the truth .

In a separate case, the Vatican yesterday claimed that a US lawsuit against the
Holy See was  without merit .

Filed on Thursday in a Milwaukee federal court by Jeffrey Anderson, a lawyer who
has represented many abuse victims in cases against US dioceses, the lawsuit,
John Doe 16 v Holy See, names Pope Benedict, the Vatican secretary of state
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone and former secretary of state Cardinal Angelo Sodano
as defendants.

The lawsuit has been brought by an unidentified plaintiff who was allegedly
abused by Fr Lawrence Murphy, who taught at a Catholic boarding school for the
deaf in Wisconsin from 1950 to 1974 and who has been accused of abusing some 200
deaf boys.

The suit alleges that in the 1990s, Pope Benedict, in his previous role as
Prefect of the CDF, had failed to take action against Fr Murphy, stalling those
US church officials who had discovered the abuse, had reported it to the Vatican
and had wanted Fr Murphy defrocked.

The Vatican s US lawyer, Jeffrey Lena, yesterday dismissed the lawsuit, saying:
The case against the Holy See and its officials is completely without merit.
Most of the complaint rehashes old theories already rejected by US courts. While
legitimate lawsuits have been filed by abuse victims, this is not one of them.

All previous attempts to sue the pope have failed, with US courts ruling that
the Vatican enjoys diplomatic immunity. For example, Cardinal Ratzinger, in his
CDF role, was sued in 2004 by three victims of clerical sex abuse in a District
Court in Harris County, Texas. One year later, Cardinal Ratzinger had become
Pope Benedict, and the court ruled that he was covered by  head of state
immunity .

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   January 4, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR EDITION

CITY SUES FORMER POLICE CHIEF AND INSURANCE COMPANY;
BROWN IS ACCUSED OF MISHANDLING PENSION FUND; FIRM IS ACCUSED OF NEGLIGENCE

BYLINE: Joan Little; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: WEST POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 370 words


Valley Park has sued its former police chief and the Mutual of Omaha insurance
company for allegedly mishandling of a pension plan and because the chief
allegedly kept cash bonds posted by people who were arrested.

In a suit filed last week, Valley Park alleges fraud, breach of fiduciary duty
and misrepresentation against former police chief David W. Brown. It alleges
negligence against Mutual of Omaha.

The suit claims that Brown changed the pension plan for his own benefit and that
of his police officers without telling municipal officials or getting approval
from the Board of Aldermen. Valley Park is seeking $ 600,000 from Brown,
including $ 100,000 it says it overspent on the plan and $ 500,000 in punitive
damages.

The suit says Valley Park established the pension plan in 1986 with the
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. In 1989, Valley Park transferred the
plan's assets to Mutual of Omaha. At that time, Chief Brown's name was added as
trustee.

In 1995, without the aldermen's knowledge, the plan's benefits were changed from
38 percent of pay at retirement to 100 percent. In 1997, it was changed again to
114 percent, the suit claims.

The suit alleges that Mutual of Omaha was negligent in failing to get approval
from Valley Park for changes in the plan and for failing to verify that Brown
had authority to make changes that resulted in police officers' receiving
retirement benefits higher than their salaries.

The suit seeks $ 100,000 in damages from Mutual of Omaha.

In two other counts against Brown, Valley Park claims that Brown arranged for
disability-insurance payments to be made by Valley Park to Mutual of Omaha,
rather than deducted from his and police officers' paychecks. The suit seeks $
50,000 from Brown on that claim.

It also seeks $ 1,000 from Brown and claims that Brown kept cash bonds posted by
people accused of crimes in Valley Park instead of depositing the money in city
bank accounts.

In October, Brown lost his job as police chief after Valley Park disbanded its
13-member police department. Brown declined to comment on the allegations. A
spokesman for Mutual of Omaha said recently that he had not seen the suit and
declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

State suspends Chico accountant's license after mishandling trust

BYLINE: By Ryan Olson rolson@chicoer.com @NorCalJustice on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


SACRAMENTO &GT;&GT; A state board has suspended a Chico accountant's license for
six months for mishandling a family's trust.

The California Board of Accountancy, which operates under the Department of
Consumer Affairs, announced Monday the immediate suspension of the certified
public accounting licenses of Martin Meester and his business, Meester & Co., on
six causes of action, including gross negligence, a breach of fiduciary
responsibilities, and practicing without a valid certificate.

In a 2009 petition filed in Butte County Superior Court, the family alleged
Meester's actions caused the initial trust and two successor trusts to lose
about $1 million, according to the accusation filed with the board. Meester, who
has been licensed since 1981, settled the matter in March 2012 for $30,000, but
failed to report the action to the board until September 2013, which was another
violation.

The accountant and business will be on probation for five years, according to
board spokeswoman Lauren Hersch. They will be permanently prohibited from acting
as a trustee, but they may later petition for it to be lifted.

The suspension and probation are part of a stipulated settlement and
disciplinary order agreed to by Meester and his attorney in late July and
August. The settlement went into effect Sunday after the board approved it Sept.
26, Hersch said.

Hersch said the board's mission was to protect consumers through things such as
licensing and continuing education. When an accountant breaks the rules, it's
the board's responsibility to make sure consumers are aware of it.

Messages were left at the offices of Meester and his attorney Monday afternoon.

Filed late tax returns

According to the amended accusation filed by the board's Executive Officer Patti
Bowers, Meester had been named the successor trustee for a man who established a
trust in April 2001 to benefit the man's wife and son.

After the man died in December 2001, Meester became trustee and filed estimated
estate taxes within nine months, and had until September 2005 to file the tax
returns.

When the tax returns were filed in September 2009, they failed to include
specific deductions that led to an overpayment of $50,409 in federal taxes and
$9,495 in state taxes.

Meester reportedly filed an amended tax return after the civil matter resolved
in 2012, but tax agencies denied the claims because the federal deadline to
claim refunds had expired in 2005.

Meester also improperly worked as certified public accountant during four
periods totalling about 18 months since 2000 when his license was expired for
either failing to pay renewal fees or failing to declare he had completed
continuing education courses. During two of those periods in 2006 and 2008, the
accountant charged and performed work for the family.

Taken to court

Meester was involuntarily removed as trustee in August 2011. During his tenure
as trustee, he charged the trusts $127,141 for accounting services but didn't
inform the family of the charges or provide itemized statements until ordered to
in June 2009.

The decedent's son had verbally asked for accounting information at least once a
year from 2002 to September 2009.

The matter eventually ended up in court when the son filed a petition in May
2009. The petition alleged Meester failed prepare a proper tax return, charged
for services without evidence the work was done and committed acts and omissions
costing the family's trusts about $1 million.

In October 2012, Bowers demanded that Meester report the settlement to the
board, but he didn't do so until after Bowers filed the original accusation in
June 2013.

As part of the settlement, Meester is required to pay $30,000 in restitution to
the family trust, $29,557 for the board's investigation and a $10,000 fine.
Meester must also complete continuing education courses, including ethics
classes.

Reach reporter Ryan Olson at facebook.com/NorCalJustice and 896-7763.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                             July 7, 2001 Saturday

Surgeon accused in two deaths ;
 Regulators cite infant fatalities, allege mishandling of other cases

BYLINE: TONY CAPPASSO STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 597 words


State medical regulators have accused a Springfield surgeon of causing the
deaths of two infant patients and mishandling the cases of several others.

In a complaint made public Friday, the Illinois Department of Professional
Regulation says Dr. Jay Riseman, a general surgeon with offices at Doctors
Hospital, gave one of the children an overdose of enema medication. Another
child died following botched surgery, according to the complaint.

The complaint also accuses Riseman of performing unnecessary surgery and of
neglecting patients.

Citing the advice of his attorney, Riseman refused Friday to comment on the
allegations. The attorney, Edward Bruno of Chicago, said the charges are
unproven allegations and that he expects Riseman to be exonerated.

"We do intend to have an administrative hearing, and our position is that these
complaints are not valid," Bruno said.

Department of Professional Regulation spokesman Tony Sanders said complaints
have to be approved by physicians who are on the complaint committee of the
Medical Disciplinary Board. Before the complaints get to that stage, department
investigators interview witnesses and get copies of medical records or hospital
records, he said.

Riseman is scheduled to appear at a preliminary hearing before the Medical
Disciplinary Board on Aug. 27. The board meets in Chicago.

During the regular hearing, which hasn't been scheduled, an administrative law
judge will hear evidence for and against Riseman. At the end of the hearing, the
judge will present the findings to the entire Medical Disciplinary Board, which
then makes a recommendation to DPR Director Leonard Sherman, Sanders said.

If the charges are sustained, the board could reprimand him, essentially a
public scolding, or suspend or even revoke his license to practice medicine.

The complaint, dated May 31, accuses Riseman of ordering overdoses of enema
medication for two infant patients, a week apart in June 1999. One baby died,
and the other had to be transferred to the pediatric intensive care unit but
survived, according to the complaint.

In both cases, Riseman ordered that the patients be given 90 cubic centimeters
of medicine for an enema. The standard dose in an infant is 5 to 10cc, the
complaint said.

In the fatal case, when a resident challenged Riseman on the size of the dose,
Riseman allegedly ordered it split into three 30cc doses given four hours apart.
According to the complaint, the infant became dehydrated, began having seizures
and eventually died in the hospital's pediatric intensive care unit.

In the other case that resulted in a baby's death, Riseman operated on the
infant for colitis, an inflammation of the bowel. The complaint says Riseman
ended up removing the child's entire colon, and the baby eventually died. The
complaint says Riseman never told the infant's parents that he wasn't a
pediatric surgeon.

The department's complaint does not identify the hospital or hospitals where the
children were treated.

Memorial Medical Center spokesman Ed McDowall said Friday that Riseman has not
had privileges to practice at that hospital since September 2000. Riseman's
privileges also were ended at St. John's Hospital, spokeswoman Naomi Greene
said.

Citing confidentiality rules, the two spokespersons declined to discuss why
Riseman no longer had privileges at the hospitals.

Riseman graduated from Southern Illinois University School of Medicine in 1986
and did his residency training in general surgery in Springfield. He is
certified by the American Board of Surgery.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

GRAPHIC: Dr. Jay Riseman is scheduled to appear at a preliminary hearing before
the Medical Disciplinary Board on Aug. 27.

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            July 3, 1997, Thursday,

MAINE'S HIGH COURT DISBARS LAWYER FOR MISHANDLING WOMAN'S FINANCES

BYLINE: Associated Press

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 180 words


The Maine Supreme Judicial Court has disbarred a one-time Portland lawyer for
his handling of an elderly woman's assets.

In a ruling released Wednesday, the high court said that the severity of Charles
Kadish's misconduct ''required'' them to bar him from ever practicing law again
in Maine.

''Although the defendant states that he is ashamed of his actions and regrets
them deeply, his appropriate acknowledgement does not mitigate the severity of
his misconduct,'' the court said.

Kadish was accused of mishandling the financial affairs of Eveline Gervais, who
has lived at the Southridge Living Center in Biddeford since 1992.

Nursing home administrators complained to the state bar after Kadish failed to
make payments for Gervais' care.

The officials said Kadish indicated he would make the payments, but never did.
They also said he failed to answer other questions about her estate.

Kadish admitted to some wrongdoing in the case, but refused to answer questions
about Gervais' funds, which are still missing.

Kadish now lives in Buffalo Grove, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             October 5, 2007 Friday

Judge rules Berkeley election nullified

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Oakland-Berkeley; Alameda; My Town

LENGTH: 509 words


An Alameda County Superior Court judge has nullified the results of a hotly
contested 2004 election because of mishandling of a recount by Alameda County
election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a citizen-sponsored
medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a re-vote in 2008.

Judge Winifred Smith upheld a tentative decision from July where she sided with
an organization of medical marijuana advocates who sought to contest the narrow
defeat of the marijuana dispensary initiative that year. The initiative failed
by 191 votes, or less than half a percent of the ballots cast.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

"It is something that's very uncommon now, but I think it will become very
common," said Bev Harris, founder of Black Box Voting, a nonprofit voting
watchdog group, of Smith's decision. "We, as a society, got sold a bill of goods
with equipment that did not work properly.''

Smith found that the medical-marijuana group never could exercise its right to
contest the election because county officials barred access to electronic voting
machine records needed to show whether the ballots were recorded accurately.

Within days after voters went to the polls and voted on Measure R, Alameda
County's then-Registrar of Voters Bradley Clark charged Americans for Safe
Access a little more than $22,600 to recount electronic ballots on the county's
touch-screen voting machines, made by Diebold Election Systems Inc.

State elections law says petitioners for an election recount get to see more,
including all ballots plus "all other relevant materials."

But Clark denied the group's requests for the machines' internal audit logs,
which could have showed malfunctions or changes in the machines' operation on
Election Day, plus internal backup copies of the electronic ballots and
chain-of-custody records showing who had access to the machines.

Yet Alameda County attorneys did not settle the lawsuit that Americans for Safe
Access filed, and county elections officials continued to deny release of the
records well after Clark left the county for a state job, and then retirement in
Hawaii.

"I think this shows county officials that procedures are put in place for a
reason," Harris said. "It's important to follow those procedures."

Smith ruled last week that Alameda County officials have engaged in "a pattern
of withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence" necessary to
conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the judge found "to
be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling"' of the Diebold voting
machines.

Alameda County counsel Richard Winnie said the county does have the right to
file an appeal but would not say if one was forthcoming. Alameda County
officials have stated in the past it will conduct any re-vote at no expense to
the city of Berkeley.

Reach Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 24, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

Criticism of Mafia Probe Aired in Donovan Court;
Mishandling by FBI Officials Alleged

BYLINE: By George Lardner Jr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A14

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, May 23, 1985


An FBI expert on organized crime complained in 1981 that higher-ups in the
Federal Bureau of Investigation were mishandling the Mafia probe that years
later led to the indictment of former labor secretary Raymond J. Donovan.

The accusation, according to an FBI report revealed in court today, was made by
special agent Robert A. Levinson in a Feb. 27, 1981, interview during a
long-secret internal FBI review of the Mafia investigation, code-named
"Operation Tumcon." The FBI was divided on how to handle the fruits of Tumcon
and Levinson was interviewed by a superior who was trying to decide whether the
investigation was being handled properly. Levinson charged that only "the easy
cases" growing out of the operation were being pursued.

By coincidence, on the same day that Levinson was complaining about his FBI
superiors in New York, the Senate Labor Committee was holding its final hearing
on Donovan's nomination to President Reagan's Cabinet. A top-ranking FBI
official, Francis M. (Bud) Mullen Jr., executive assistant director for
investigations, told the committee that a check of FBI wiretaps had produced "no
reference to Mr. Donovan or the Schiavone Construction Co.," Donovan's firm.

Donovan's own lawyers said in court here this week, in an effort to win legal
standing to challenge the Tumcon tapes, that Donovan, his company and other
Schiavone executives were mentioned a total of 351 times in tapes made during
the 1979 electronic surveillance.

There was no explicit mention at the Senate confirmation hearings of either
Operation Tumcon or the internal FBI recriminations about it.

The documents produced during the FBI's in-house inquiry are coming to light now
as a result of defense efforts in Bronx Supreme Court here to show that Tumcon
was tainted and that the tapes should be suppressed.

Levinson began the organized crime investigation in 1978. In the 1981 internal
FBI inquiry, he said one senior official in charge of organized crime activities
in the New York area "did not know or care" about the Tumcon investigation and
the agent in charge of the criminal division "was on his way to retirement and
didn't want to be bothered."

Levinson said the investigation "had the enthusiasm of the agents working the
case against some bad people, but didn't have the administrative support and
manpower to follow through," the interview report said.

Levinson, the report continued, "admitted he has been accused of B.S.'ing about
all the cases in the Tumcon investigation, but he firmly believes the cases are
there and with evidence and independent investigation, they could be pursued and
made."

Only two federal indictments grew out of Tumcon: for a hijacking ring and for a
synthetic-cocaine conspiracy, both emanating from a South Bronx warehouse
operated by the immediate target of the surveillance, a reputed Genovese crime
family member named William P. Masselli.

Aside from the synthetic-cocaine case and the hijackings, Levinson told his
interviewers that "he is aware of four other cases which they could presently go
on and some others could be made with a little work." But he said the prosecutor
in charge, then assistant U.S. attorney Michael Ross, apparently wanted to begin
with "the made cases -- the hijackings -- and looks to the others as being down
the road."

The U.S. attorney's office, it is known, did prepare a prosecutive summary on a
possible minority-business fraud case against Masselli in connection with a
company he had set up as a subcontractor for Schiavone Construction on a number
of New York subway projects. It was not pursued at the federal level, however.

The Bronx district attorney's office picked up the threads in 1983 and secured a
grand larceny and fraud indictment against Donovan, Masselli and eight other men
last fall.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 16, 2017 Thursday

Chaffetz eyes 'mishandling' of classified info in reports on Trump

BYLINE: Lisa Riley Roche Deseret News

LENGTH: 890 words


By Lisa Riley Roche

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - Rep. Jason Chaffetz said Wednesday he is calling for the U.S.
Inspector General to investigate the potential "mishandling" of classified
information in news reports about President Donald Trump's now former national
security adviser, Michael Flynn.

"This situation with information going out the door that may be classified or
highly sensitive, that just can't be happening. And it is. So I want them to
look at it," Chaffetz, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform
Committee, told the Deseret News.

In a letter to Michael E. Horowitz, inspector general for the U.S. Department of
Justice, Chaffetz and Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Virginia, the chairman of the House
Judiciary Committee, cite recent news reports about Flynn, including those
suggesting he may have been vulnerable to Russian blackmail.

Flynn resigned Monday after details from anonymous sources were reported about
his contact with the Russian ambassador, including that he put himself in "a
compromising position" by misleading Vice President Mike Pence and others.

"We have serious concerns about the potential inadequate protection of
classified information here," the letter states, noting "the release of
classified national security information can, by definition, have grave effects
on national security."

Chaffetz said in an interview that he was not using the word "leaks" to describe
the information provided to reporters.

"We have had a number of things pop up in the media. I don't know if they're
true or not," he said.

He said he was "not going after the press" by seeking the investigation.

Asked if the investigation could lead to the prosecution of journalists, he said
he was "not trying to set the goal here. I want them to find the truth and
examine each situation. But I'm not presupposing the conclusion of anything."

Chaffetz compared it to his committee's ongoing look into how Trump's Democratic
presidential opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, might have
compromised security with a private email server.

"I'm trying to demonstrate I've handled it the same on both sides of the aisle,"
he said, noting his committee is also seeking an explanation about how Trump
handled classified information at his Mar-a-Lago resort.

And he said questions raised in the news reports about connections between the
Trump administration and Russia will be reviewed by both the House and Senate
intelligence committees.

"It's going to be covered," Chaffetz said. The "intelligence community has been
looking at this for some time and will continue to look at it. To suggest that
nothing's happening on that front is inaccurate."

He said that should satisfy his constituents who want Trump's possible ties to
Russia investigated, a message that was delivered in a raucous town hall meeting
he held in Cottonwood Heights last week that included chants of "Do your job."

Chris Karpowitz, co-director of BYU's Center for the Study of Elections and
Democracy, said the direction Chaffetz has taken with his call for an
investigation into the news reports likely won't quell constituent concerns.

"I'm not sure that gets him off the hot seat here," Karpowitz said. "The problem
here isn't the leaks. The problem is the substance of what those leaks are
telling us. They seem to be pointing at something much more serious."

Karpowitz said the latest investigation "could have a chilling effect on the
press and on our ability to really get to the bottom of what happened,"
especially since Chaffetz stopped short of saying it could lead to the
prosecution of journalists.

He said Chaffetz's "reticence" to pursue the Trump-Russia connection was
"extraordinary from someone who promised years of investigations into a Clinton
administration."

Chaffetz, who said before the election he had "two years of material already
lined up" against the Democratic presidential candidate, suggested the look at
Trump and Russia was a better fit for someone else.

The inspector general is nonpartisan and has handled investigations before, he
said, while the intelligence committees are well-suited to examine "Russia ties
and influence for misdeeds when it comes to sources and methods."

One of Trump's earliest Utah supporters, Senate Majority Leader Ralph Okerlund,
R-Monroe, said Utahns "want to see all the facts come out." Chaffetz, he said,
"will use good judgment about when and if and how an investigation is done."

The state Senate leader said "right now, the press is kind of working on it
pretty hard. And it's kind of their job." He said the reporting being done help
"gets us to a point where we have more clarity than if someone just wades in
poltiically."

Chaffetz is in the middle of the controversy over how the GOP-controlled
Congress is handling the continuing controversies associated with the new
Republican president.

The ranking Democrat on the committee expressed his frustration at a news
conference Tuesday, The Associated Press reported.

"Do you hear the silence? This is the sound of House Republicans conducting no
oversight of President Trump. Zero," Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Maryland, said.
"That is what it sounds like when they abdicate their duty under the
Constitution. We've been asking for months for basic oversight."

Contributing: The Associated Press

Email: lisa@deseretnews.com

Twitter: DNewsPolitics

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                              June 3, 2005 Friday

Dracut Funeral Home in crematory lawsuit

BYLINE: DENNIS SHAUGHNESSEY, Sun Staff

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 813 words

DATELINE: DRACUT


Dracut Funeral Home is one of 18 defendants named in a class-action suit
charging that they "turned a willful blind eye" to the mishandling of remains at
a New Hampshire crematory.

At the center of the suit is Bayview Crematory of Seabrook, N.H., which was shut
down in February after police discovered serious violations there, including
unlabeled urns filled with ashes, two bodies stuffed into a single oven, a body
rotting in a broken freezer and a trash bin heaped with charred pacemakers, hip
replacements and prosthetics.

The suit, filed in federal court in Boston on Wednesday by Lerach, Coughlin,
Stoia, Geller, Rudman & Robbins LLP, a Melville, N.Y., law firm, charges that
the funeral-home operators ignored Bayview's practice of commingling bodies
during cremation and mishandling the remains.

The Bayview Crematory had been operating without a license since at least 1999
until it was closed down by authorities, who also seized financial records.

Mark Gacek, the owner of the Dracut Funeral Home, did not return repeated phone
calls to the funeral home or his residence.

In a press release, lawyer Sam Rudman said, "To save $75 per deceased body,
these and other funeral-home operators turned over control of the bodies under
their charge to an unlicensed, low-budget crematory ... where they were
routinely mishandled. Anyone who has dealt with any of these funeral homes in
the last several years has reason to be worried."

According to Michael Khoo, a spokesman with the law firm, Bayview contracted
with funeral homes for a $190 package deal instead of following the standard
industry practice of transporting the bodies themselves and witnessing the
cremation, which could cost as much as $265.

The suit also alleges that funeral homes allowed Bayview employees to pick up
the bodies in a box truck and take them to the facility where it is alleged that
multiple bodies were cremated together, and the remains returned with no
certainty that families would receive the ashes of their loved ones.

The lead plaintiff in the suit is Lorraine Hunt, whose father, Robert Lowe
Cashman, died on April 6, 2004. His body went to a funeral home in Quincy that
handed it over to Bayview for cremation. Bayview issued a cremation certificate
indicating a cremation date of April 8, 2004.

"My father was a proud World War II veteran," said Hunt. "He served in the Navy.
We held his memorial service on the ship where he served, the battleship North
Carolina in Wilmington Harbor. It was a very dignified ceremony and at the end
we scattered what we believed to be his ashes into the ocean. My memory of my
father and of his funeral will be haunted forever by what I now know -- that
those were likely not his ashes at all."

When police shut down Bayview and obtained financial records, they discovered
unlabeled urns filled with ashes, two bodies stuffed into a single oven, a body
rotting in a broken freezer and a trash bin heaped with charred pacemakers, hip
replacements and prosthetics.

It had operated without a license for at least six years. Before it closed,
Bayview handled thousands of cremations a year from funeral homes in
Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Maine and Rhode Island.

The suit names Bayview and its operators, Derek A. Wallace and Linda Stokes, as
well as the American Society for Cremation, the American Society for Funeral
Services, all based in Haverhill, and the Cremation Society of Massachusetts,
based in Quincy.

Wallace lost his state licenses as an embalmer and funeral director in 2004 for
unprofessional and unethical practices dating back to 2001.

Several area funeral-home directors not involved in the case said picking a
crematorium can be tricky, but that good old-fashioned homework is the best way
to make sure you're dealing with a reputable business.

Fred Healy, funeral director with the Morse-Bayliss Funeral Home in Lowell, and
Jim Dolan, a funeral director with Dolan Funeral Home in Chelmsford, both said
that exploring a company's reputation, meeting the owners, and inspecting the
business are the best way to check out a firm.

Jim O'Donnell Jr., co-owner of the James F. O'Donnell & Sons Funeral Home in
Lowell, said making sure the facility is licensed is also important, as is a
willingness to accept a higher price in exchange for knowing remains are treated
properly.

O'Donnell said his employees deliver bodies to the Haverhill crematory they use
in person so they know the bodies are treated properly up to that point. It is
not as convenient to deliver the bodies, but it's more important to make sure
the remains are treated properly, he said.

"It's just like everything else in life. You've got to be diligent," Dolan said.

Sun staff writer Robert Mills contributed to this report.

Dennis Shaughnessey's e-mail address is dshaughnessey@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Latin America Green News: 10/13 - 10/20/2016

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Natural Resources Defense Council has issued the following news
release:



 On the heels of the Paris Agreement reaching the threshold to come into force
earlier this month, more good climate news came out of Rwanda early Saturday
morning when countries agreed to a new amendment to the Montreal Protocol. Latin
America showed unity at the negotiations, with every country voting in support
of the amendment and agreeing to freeze their productions of hydrofluorocarbons
(HFCs) by 2024. The amendment, known as the Kigali Amendment, will avoid the
equivalent of more than 80 billion tons of CO2 emissions over the next 35 years
by phasing out the use of HFCs, a substance that depletes the Ozone layer. The
emission reductions that will result from the agreement are equivalent to
stopping all global CO2 emissions for two years.  Countries in the region are
hailing the agreement as one of the most significant steps towards abating the
devastating effects of global warming. Coupled with the Paris Agreement, these
global pacts represent a turning point for the fight against climate change.
"The world just got more momentum to keep the temperature below two degrees
Celsius," said Marcelo Mena, Undersecretary of Environment and co-chair of the
Coalition for Climate and Clean Air (CCAC). (El Dinamo 10/17/2016)





 For more details on the Kigali Amendment and other recent major climate
agreements, read Amanda Maxwell's blog.



 85 mayors, representing over 650 million people, have pledged to promote and
enhance their ability and obligation to directly combat climate change. In an
effort led by Mayor Miguel Ángel Mancera of Mexico City and the mayors of
Barcelona, Spain and Paris, France a 6-point plan was proposed at the United
Nations Conference on Housing and Sustainable Urban Development Habitat III
(held in Quito, Ecuador). The points center on the need for guaranteed direct
access to international financial mechanisms and a regulatory framework wherein
national governments cede control of these funds directly to cities so that they
can directly manage and implement their own climate change mitigation and
adaptation projects. In conjunction with the New Urban Agenda (a framework to
guide cities towards a sustainable growth that ensures protections for the
environment and the rights of those who are most vulnerable) Mancera, the mayor
of Mexico City, believes these financial reforms can revolutionize the way
cities address climate change. (Ecoticias 10/18/16)



 Environment



 The Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources (Semarnat) of Mexico
revealed on Monday that environmental damages are valued to be approximately 4.4
percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) and has lead to 36 billion
pesos in public health costs. The deputy secretary of Semarnat, Cuauhtémoc
Ochoa, speaking at the launch of the Mexican Alliance of Biodiversity and
Business, explained the importance of working together with business to make
them more sustainable and environmentally friendly while maintaining their
productivity. He added that there must also be an effort to address the issue of
waste management as its current mishandling is leading to approximately 2.5
billion pesos worth of environmental damage per year. With the cooperation of
individual states and municipalities, the mishandling must be addressed through
the expanded waste management recycling, and water treatment programs. (Noticias
MVS 10/17/16)



 Conservation



 Federal authorities in Mexico have completed the restoration of three coastal
wetland areas in the states of Veracruz, Tabasco, and Quintana Roo. They were
restored through the Gulf of Mexico ecological project whose mission is to
design and implement actions to conserve, sustainably manage, and restore the
coastal wetland systems across the east coast of Mexico. The project is managed
by the National Institute on Ecology and Climate Change (INECC) along with the
World Bank, several other governmental organizations, and a US$4.5 million
investment from the Global Environment Fund (GEF), and aims to reduce the
vulnerability of surrounding populations and enhance their environmental
resiliency. Despite the success of the project, the director of ecological
vulnerability and adaptation for INECC, Margarita Caso Chávez, warned that
mangroves and coastal wetlands are still under threat, and urging that
conservation efforts must continue as the country loses 2.5 percent of its
mangrove wetlands every year and is at risk of losing 50 percent more over the
next 25 years. (Terra 10/12/16)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

Latin America Green News: 10/13 - 10/20/2016

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Natural Resources Defense Council has issued the following news
release:



 On the heels of the Paris Agreement reaching the threshold to come into force
earlier this month, more good climate news came out of Rwanda early Saturday
morning when countries agreed to a new amendment to the Montreal Protocol. Latin
America showed unity at the negotiations, with every country voting in support
of the amendment and agreeing to freeze their productions of hydrofluorocarbons
(HFCs) by 2024. The amendment, known as the Kigali Amendment, will avoid the
equivalent of more than 80 billion tons of CO2 emissions over the next 35 years
by phasing out the use of HFCs, a substance that depletes the Ozone layer. The
emission reductions that will result from the agreement are equivalent to
stopping all global CO2 emissions for two years.  Countries in the region are
hailing the agreement as one of the most significant steps towards abating the
devastating effects of global warming. Coupled with the Paris Agreement, these
global pacts represent a turning point for the fight against climate change.
"The world just got more momentum to keep the temperature below two degrees
Celsius," said Marcelo Mena, Undersecretary of Environment and co-chair of the
Coalition for Climate and Clean Air (CCAC). (El Dinamo 10/17/2016)





 For more details on the Kigali Amendment and other recent major climate
agreements, read Amanda Maxwell's blog.



 85 mayors, representing over 650 million people, have pledged to promote and
enhance their ability and obligation to directly combat climate change. In an
effort led by Mayor Miguel Ángel Mancera of Mexico City and the mayors of
Barcelona, Spain and Paris, France a 6-point plan was proposed at the United
Nations Conference on Housing and Sustainable Urban Development Habitat III
(held in Quito, Ecuador). The points center on the need for guaranteed direct
access to international financial mechanisms and a regulatory framework wherein
national governments cede control of these funds directly to cities so that they
can directly manage and implement their own climate change mitigation and
adaptation projects. In conjunction with the New Urban Agenda (a framework to
guide cities towards a sustainable growth that ensures protections for the
environment and the rights of those who are most vulnerable) Mancera, the mayor
of Mexico City, believes these financial reforms can revolutionize the way
cities address climate change. (Ecoticias 10/18/16)



 Environment



 The Ministry of the Environment and Natural Resources (Semarnat) of Mexico
revealed on Monday that environmental damages are valued to be approximately 4.4
percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) and has lead to 36 billion
pesos in public health costs. The deputy secretary of Semarnat, Cuauhtémoc
Ochoa, speaking at the launch of the Mexican Alliance of Biodiversity and
Business, explained the importance of working together with business to make
them more sustainable and environmentally friendly while maintaining their
productivity. He added that there must also be an effort to address the issue of
waste management as its current mishandling is leading to approximately 2.5
billion pesos worth of environmental damage per year. With the cooperation of
individual states and municipalities, the mishandling must be addressed through
the expanded waste management recycling, and water treatment programs. (Noticias
MVS 10/17/16)



 Conservation



 Federal authorities in Mexico have completed the restoration of three coastal
wetland areas in the states of Veracruz, Tabasco, and Quintana Roo. They were
restored through the Gulf of Mexico ecological project whose mission is to
design and implement actions to conserve, sustainably manage, and restore the
coastal wetland systems across the east coast of Mexico. The project is managed
by the National Institute on Ecology and Climate Change (INECC) along with the
World Bank, several other governmental organizations, and a US$4.5 million
investment from the Global Environment Fund (GEF), and aims to reduce the
vulnerability of surrounding populations and enhance their environmental
resiliency. Despite the success of the project, the director of ecological
vulnerability and adaptation for INECC, Margarita Caso Chávez, warned that
mangroves and coastal wetlands are still under threat, and urging that
conservation efforts must continue as the country loses 2.5 percent of its
mangrove wetlands every year and is at risk of losing 50 percent more over the
next 25 years. (Terra 10/12/16)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Andover Man Pleads Guilty To Mishandling Chemicals

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Topeka


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Kansas has issued the
following press release:

The owner of a plastics recycling company in El Dorado pleaded guilty Monday to
mishandling waste chemicals and agreed to pay more than $118,000 in restitution
to the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom.

Brian J. Riley, 41, Andover, Kan., owner of Integrated Plastic Solutions, LLC.,
pleaded guilty to one count of negligent exposure to a hazardous air pollutant.
In his plea, he admitted the company stored hazardous wastes at its facility in
the form of paints, solvents and other chemicals. The paints and solvents
contained ethyl benzene, which is classified as a hazardous air pollutant. After
becoming aware that the Kansas Department of Health and Environment was
investigating the company's waste handling practices, Riley allowed some paints
and solvents to be dumped on the IPS grounds, releasing ethyl benzene and
exposing employees to the risk of flash fire and explosion.

Sentencing is set for March 30. He faces a maximum penalty of a year in federal
prison and a fine up to $100,000. Grissom commended the Environmental Protection
Agency and Assistant U.S. Attorney Alan Metzger for their work on the case

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Andover Man Pleads Guilty To Mishandling Chemicals

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Topeka


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Kansas has issued the
following press release:

The owner of a plastics recycling company in El Dorado pleaded guilty Monday to
mishandling waste chemicals and agreed to pay more than $118,000 in restitution
to the Environmental Protection Agency, U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom.

Brian J. Riley, 41, Andover, Kan., owner of Integrated Plastic Solutions, LLC.,
pleaded guilty to one count of negligent exposure to a hazardous air pollutant.
In his plea, he admitted the company stored hazardous wastes at its facility in
the form of paints, solvents and other chemicals. The paints and solvents
contained ethyl benzene, which is classified as a hazardous air pollutant. After
becoming aware that the Kansas Department of Health and Environment was
investigating the company's waste handling practices, Riley allowed some paints
and solvents to be dumped on the IPS grounds, releasing ethyl benzene and
exposing employees to the risk of flash fire and explosion.

Sentencing is set for March 30. He faces a maximum penalty of a year in federal
prison and a fine up to $100,000. Grissom commended the Environmental Protection
Agency and Assistant U.S. Attorney Alan Metzger for their work on the case

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            August 22, 2015 Saturday

Ex-officer pleads guilty to mishandling money

BYLINE: McKenzie Romero Deseret News

LENGTH: 415 words


By McKenzie Romero

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - A former Unified police detective who had worked with the
department for nearly 20 years has admitted to mishandling money meant for drug
investigations.

Kenneth Callahan, 49, answered with a quiet "guilty" when asked for his plea to
a reduced charge of misusing public money, a third-degree felony. In exchange
for the plea, a misdemeanor charge of official misconduct was dismissed.

The third-degree felony conviction carries a potential sentence of up to five
years in prison, 3rd District Court Judge Katie Bernards-Goodman informed
Callahan. If Callahan successfully completes his probation, however, prosecutors
agreed to reduce the felony conviction to a class A misdemeanor.

Callahan is set to be sentenced on Oct. 2.

Callahan was arrested and charged in March after a department audit identified
46 instances between October 2013 and January 2015 that the veteran officer had
requested funds intended for controlled drug buys, but failed to book anything
into evidence afterward.

Callahan was placed on administrative leave at the time of his arrest and
resigned from the department in April.

In some drug investigations, detectives request money from the department, which
is then often given to a confidential informant working with police to buy
controlled substances from drug dealers. Officers obtain the "buy money" from
the department using funds transfer receipts known as "chits."

According to department policy, each chit contains a case number and an
explanation of how the money will be used. Once an informant purchases drugs
with the money, the drugs are given to police and are stored as evidence. The
officer records on the chit how much money was spent, what kind of drugs were
purchased and the quantity, according to charging documents.

"In those 46 cases, no money was ever returned to (Unified police). Many of the
cases for which the defendant submitted a chit for controlled purchases of drugs
were cases that were not even drug-related cases," the charges state. "In some
other cases, (Callahan) submitted a chit for a controlled purchase of drugs
several months after those cases were closed."

The former detective was also ordered as part of the plea deal Friday to pay
$8,485 in restitution, the amount he received from the department in those 46
cases.

Callahan, dressed in a polo shirt for an NFL team, and his attorney declined
comment as they left the courtroom.

Email: mromero@deseretnews.com

Twitter: McKenzieRomero

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               December 9, 2003 Tuesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Chaplain had list of prisoners, agent says

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: FORT BENNING, Ga.; GRAND FORKS, N.D.; WASHINGTON


A Muslim Army chaplain accused of mishandling classified documents was carrying
a typewritten list with the names of prisoners at the U.S. detention camp for
suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and their interrogators when he
was arrested, a Customs agent testified Monday.

Customs Special Agent Sean Rafferty said he found the list in the backpack of
U.S. Army Capt. James Yee on Sept. 10 in Jacksonville. Yee, 35, was going on
leave from Guantanamo. It was not clear whether the document was classified.

The hearing is to determine whether Yee should face a court-martial on charges
ranging from mishandling classified documents to adultery.

Report: Knife, blood

found in suspect's car

GRAND FORKS, N.D. - A knife and blood matching a missing student's type were
found in the car belonging to the man accused of kidnapping her, the Associated
Press reported Monday.

Alfonso Rodriguez Jr., 50, has been charged with kidnapping Dru Sjodin, 22, who
disappeared Nov. 22. David Dusek, Rodriguez's public defender, has said that his
client said he had nothing to do with Sjodin's disappearance.

Laura Bush kept trip

secret for six weeks

WASHINGTON - First lady Laura Bush says her husband first told her about a trip
to Iraq six weeks before Thanksgiving, and she ranks his surprise trip among
"the best-kept secrets ever."

President Bush showed up Thanksgiving night at Baghdad's airport for a 2
1/2-hour visit with troops and U.S. and Iraqi officials.

"I was very concerned at first," Mrs. Bush said Monday on CNN's Larry King Live.
"By that Wednesday night, I knew they probably wouldn't go unless they really
thought it was 99 percent safe."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN BRIEF

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                February 6, 1999

Harvard graduates also planning to sue after accusing ex-president of
mishandling $ 3.9m; Club to call in police over cash row

BYLINE: AUDREY PARWANI

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 384 words


A prestigious club of Harvard graduates is to call in police and take its own
legal action against a former president accused of mishandling $ 3.9 million.

They voted overwhelmingly to take civil action against Stephen Chik Wai-wan to
recover club funds.

The scandal broke last December when it was discovered that a $ 2.6 million
donation by Dr York Liao, executive director of liquid crystal display makers
Varitronix, to the university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, had disappeared.

Club members allege internal investigations found the ex-president had
transferred $ 1.33 million in club money and the donation, made 12 months
earlier, to companies linked to himself.

After approaches by the club, Mr Chik is understood to have repaid $ 3.4 million
before he was removed from office in February last year.

The incident rocked the club and solicitors Clifford Chance initially suggested
that members keep the matter under wraps.

"Triggering such an inquiry by the police is at odds with the club's objective
of 'undertaking projects and activities to promote the interest of Harvard
University'," the law firm noted.

Current president Aaron Tan Hee-hung said the scandal had harmed the reputations
of Harvard and its alumni, but he was pleased the matter was coming to a close.

The club was consulting Harvard and would form a committee to report to police
and supervise litigation, he said.

Mr Chik had not been told of the club's decision because "nobody knows how to
reach him", said Mr Tan.

The club - whose former members include the Financial Secretary, Donald Tsang
Yam-kuen, and the Director of Home Affairs, Shelley Lau Lee Lai-kuen - claims
that he still owes money and interest amounting to $ 900,000.

Members said they would not take action against former treasurer Ed Yun Wong,
who had apologised to members on Thursday.

Mr Chik, a 1986 economics graduate and director of Pacific-Asia Group, also
faces a claim in the High Court for allegedly using bogus financial statements
to attract investments of more than US$ 2 million (about HK$ 15.48 million) into
the group, which is now facing liquidation.

He is married to the director and controlling shareholder of Seapower Resources,
Shirley Choi Siu-lui. Mr Chik was unavailable for comment.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               August 20, 1997, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BRIEFS

BYLINE: Compiled From Post-Dispatch Wire Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 04A, BRIEFS/NATION/WORLD COLUMN

LENGTH: 1434 words



THE NATION

JUSTICE DEPARTMENT

Foreign Police Program Investigated

The Justice Department's programs to train foreign policemen and prosecutors are
under investigation for alleged mishandling of U.S. secrets and management
blunders, Inspector General Michael Bromwich said Tuesday.

The security clearances of two senior officials of the police-training program
have been suspended while Bromwich's investigators complete the inquiry,
according to Justice officials who requested anonymity. Investigators also are
looking at a wide range of allegations involving possible misuse of contractors
and consultants.

"Based on allegations we received, we opened an investigation of the management
and administration of the International Criminal Investigative Training
Assistance Program, including allegations of the mishandling of classified
information," Bromwich said.

Founded in 1986, the program has trained police officers from South America, the
Caribbean and Eastern Europe.

CUBA POLICY

Clinton May OK Travel For Papal Visit

The Clinton administration may let Americans travel to Cuba next January when
Pope John Paul II makes his first visit to the island, government and Roman
Catholic officials said Tuesday.

The U.S. officials said the administration is studying a request from the
archdiocese of Miami to send a cruise ship to Havana carrying more than 1,000
people so they can attend a Mass Jan. 25.

It is not clear how many other Americans would be given similar permission. The
officials emphasized that permission for such travel would not signal a
softening of American policies toward the Castro government. The pope, who has
visited all other countries in the hemisphere, will be in Cuba Jan. 21-25.

Tourism by Americans to Cuba is generally forbidden under U.S. law, but travel
by journalists is allowed as are trips of an educational or religious nature.

DAN ROSTENKOWSKI

Ex-Congressman Is Freed From Prison

Former Rep. Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., was released Tuesday from a federal prison
in Wisconsin and entered a halfway house in Chicago.

Rostenkowski, once chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, pleaded
guilty in April 1996 to two counts of mail fraud involving the operations of his
House office.

Rostenkowski, 69, has two months remaining on his 17-month sentence, said Dan
Dunne, a spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons in Washington. He said
Rostenkowski left the federal prison in Oxford, Wis., on Tuesday and checked
into the Salvation Army Freedom Center on Chicago's West Side. Rostenkowski,
first elected to Congress in 1958, had been the confidant of presidents and one
of the most powerful men on Capitol Hill before his conviction.

FIFE SYMINGTON

Juror Dismissed in Governor's Fraud Trial

A judge dismissed a juror Tuesday in the criminal fraud trial of Arizona Gov.
Fife Symington after meeting privately with attorneys.

U.S. District Judge Roger Strand scheduled a hearing for today on whether
deliberations should continue without a 12th juror or whether an alternate
should be added. It was unclear whether deliberations would have to start over
if an alternate is added.

The judge didn't explain the reason for the 74-year-old woman's dismissal, which
followed a closed-door meeting with attorneys that lasted nearly two hours.
Attorneys said only that jurors passed a note to the judge. The dismissed juror
is a Phoenix woman, a former Republican precinct committeewoman who voted for
Symington in 1994. She underwent surgery to repair a broken wrist on June 12,
prompting a one-day delay in the trial.

(begin THREE STAR text)

MIAs U.S., N. Korea To Look For War Remains

A joint U.S.-North Korean military team will resume the search for the remains
of American soldiers still listed as missing almost 50 years after the Korean
War.

A 10-member U.S. forensics team will travel to the reclusive communist nation
"in a day or two," Mike Sasek, a spokesman for the Pentagon's Prisoner of
War-Missing Personnel Office, said Tuesday.

Together with a detachment of North Korean troops, the Americans will search an
old battlefield in Unsan county, about 50 miles south of the Yalu river, Sasek
said. Earlier this month, North Korea turned over the remains of four U.S.
servicemen, the latest to be repatriated since the United States was given
access 1 1/2 years ago to look for evidence of U.S. soldiers killed during the
war.

(end 3* text)

Elsewhere in the nation:

* A van carrying Detroit-area teen-agers on a trip to the Cedar Point amusement
park in northern Ohio crashed Tuesday, killing five people and injuring nine,
several critically.

Police said the driver and four teen-agers died when the van collided with a
jackknifed tractor-trailer on Highway 2, about eight miles west of Port Clinton,
Ohio. The van was one of four carrying teen-agers and counselors from a juvenile
probation program run by a Detroit social service agency.

* A man who robbed and killed a woman just three months after being paroled for
assault was executed by injection Tuesday night in Virginia.

Carlton Jerome Pope, 35, was convicted in 1986 of fatally shooting Cynthia Gray
and stealing her pursue. The woman's sister, Marcie Ann Kirchheimer, who was
wounded in the attack, identified him as the killer.

***   ***   ***   ***

THE WORLD

IRAN

President Urges Support For Cabinet Picks

Iran's new moderate president appealed to hard-line members of Parliament on
Tuesday to accept his choices for Cabinet, saying his nominees were the "most
suitable of the suitables."

President Mohamad Khatami spoke to the Majlis, Iran's parliament, at the start
of a two-day, nationally televised debate on his 22 Cabinet nominees. The
270-member legislature will vote on his choices today.

The nomination battle is expected to be an early test of strength b etween
Iran's hard-liners and Khatami, whose May 23 election was widely seen as a
mandate to ease social restrictions in place since the nation's 1979 Islamic
revolution.

ANGOLA

Plane Crashes, But All Reportedly Survive

A Boeing 727 crashed Tuesday in northern Angola but everyone aboard survived,
according to a radio report from Angola's capital, Luanda.

The passenger plane, chartered by Angolan Air Transport, crashed at an airport
in the remote northern town of Lucapa, about 500 miles northeast of Luanda,
according to radio station Luanda Antena Comercial.

The radio said it was unclear how many people were aboard the flight, which
originated in Luanda, or whether anyone was injured.

(begin THREE STAR text)

SRI LANKA

Dozens Killed As Rebel Positions Attacked

Government jets and artillery pummeled rebel positions in northern Sri Lanka in
fierce fighting that killed dozens of combatants Tuesday.

About 20,000 troops met resistance from Tamil Tiger guerrillas while en route to
Puliyankulam, a town on the road from government-controlled areas to the
isolated northern Jaffna Peninsula. The war zone is 135 miles north of Colombo,
the Sri Lankan capital.

Seven soldiers and more than 50 rebels were killed, the military said in a
statement. At least 40 soldiers were wounded. The battle broke a fighting lull
that had held since Aug. 6, when two columns of 10,000 soldiers linked up a mile
south of Puliyankulam.

(end 3* text)

Elsewhere in the world:

* Seven people were killed Tuesday in two rock and ice slides in the Swiss Alps.
A four-member mountain climbing party that was roped together perished in an ice
avalanche as they climbed the northwest wall of the Taeschhorn, police said. The
avalanche hit about 13,780 feet up the mountain.

In the second accident above Bettmeralp, also in the southern Swiss canton of
Valais, three workers were killed by a rock slide at 9,200 feet as they cleared
a footpath toward the Eggishorn, police said. More than 60 people have been
killed in the Alps since mid-July.

(begin THREE STAR text)

* Rescue workers searched Tuesday for 13 people missing in a collapsed apartment
complex after Typhoon Winnie swept through Taiwan, killing at least 27 people.

The apartment complex in the Taipei suburb of Hsichi slid down the side of a
mountain in heavy rain Monday. Rescuers have recovered 15 bodies. The collapse
injured 46 people and seriously damaged 50 apartments. Thirteen more people are
believed trapped. The typhoon dropped 28 inches of rain on northern Taiwan and
lashed the island with 92-mph winds Sunday and Monday.

(end 3* text)

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo - (Pope) John Paul II

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

Third social worker is fired

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1385 words


By Matt Murphy

State House News Service

BOSTON -- The social worker assigned to the family of missing 5-year-old
Jeremiah Oliver failed to provide the most basic support services, while
supervisors papered over a lack of direct contact with the Fitchburg family
despite signs in June that the family was "in trouble," according to a new
report.

Department of Children and Families Commissioner Olga Roche announced Monday
that she had fired a third person in connection with the department's
mishandling of the case of the missing boy from Fitchburg, who was last seen by
relatives in September and is now feared dead by authorities.

Oliver's mother, Elsa Oliver, 28, and her boyfriend, Alberto Sierra, 22, are in
custody, facing charges of assault and endangerment of a child. Neither has been
charged with any crime relating to the boy's disappearance.

Following the dismissal two weeks ago of the social worker and supervisor
assigned to Oliver's case, Roche said the North Central office area program
manager has also been fired, and a fourth person -- the area program manager of
intake -- has been suspended for three days without pay, reassigned and ordered
to undergo additional training.

"The Department is comprised of hundreds of dedicated employees, who work
tirelessly, every day, to ensure the commonwealth's most vulnerable children are
safe and well cared for," Roche said at a press conference. "It is my belief
that the failure and misconduct of the staff involved in this case contributed
to this tragedy."

The internal DCF review of the Oliver case revealed that social workers assigned
to work with Jeremiah's family, including his mother and two siblings, failed to
make required monthly home visits to ensure the well-being of the children.
Supervisors, including the area program manager, knew the home visits were not
occurring, but failed to take action to address the missed visits.

Roche said the Department of Children and Families first became involved with
the Oliver family in September 2011, and the family prospered under the
supervision of DCF officials and a caseworker from the department's Worcester
office. When the family moved to Fitchburg in January 2013, the case was
transferred to the North Central Area office and a new social worker was
assigned to the case.

Roche on Monday said it was "very clear the family was in trouble" in June after
three reports of domestic violence in the home and a threat of homelessness that
was never followed up on by the social worker or supervisors in the office. The
report indicates that in June the youngest child's pre-school called the social
worker to express concern that the child was coming to school hungry and that
the mother was considering moving to Florida.

The social worker did not conduct home visits with the Oliver family in June or
July. The only home visits took place in February and April. The last contact
anyone from DCF had with Jeremiah Oliver came in May when an investigator met
with the mother and youngest child -- Jeremiah -- to follow up on a report of
abuse of the oldest child. The investigator reported that Jeremiah was
"precocious, talkative and articulate."

Roche said she has ordered area directors to take additional steps to ensure
home visits are taking place and to further investigate and "employ intensive
case management" in any cases involving reports of abuse or neglect of a child 5
years old or younger in families with a history of domestic violence, substance
abuse or other risk factors.

The department will also implement case reviews of families with children living
at home every six months by social workers, program managers and supervisors to
ensure that field reports can be verified by supervisors, similar to the way the
foster care process works.

DCF officials said the report concluded the agency's review of the Oliver case
and the administration will turn all information over to law enforcement.
Despite a pattern of missed home visits in other cases handled by the fired
social worker, officials said the department had checked on the well-being of
all children that had been assigned to her and reassigned those cases to other
social workers.

Roche said the social worker and her direct supervisor acknowledged their
failures during interviews with investigators, but offered little explanation
for their inaction, except to say they were "busy with other cases."

Roche said there was "nothing extraordinary" about the social worker's caseload
that could justify missing home visits. Her caseload included 16 families with
close to 30 children, including six children in foster placements, which can be
the most time-consuming cases, according to Roche.

"This was not a workload issue. This was a worker that failed to do the basic
needs of their responsibility," Roche said.

Gov. Deval Patrick commended Roche, who took over as commissioner in October
after serving in an interim capacity since April, for her "accountability and
transparency."

"Today's report provides some answers about this sad case. What happened with
the Oliver children is a tragedy. The failure to appropriately monitor the
family and respond to multiple warning signs is simply unacceptable. While the
work of the vast majority of the people who work at DCF is exemplary, the
failure of certain staff in this case casts a long and unfortunate shadow,"
Patrick said in a statement.

Patrick said finding Jeremiah Oliver and caring for his siblings, who are now in
DCF custody, remain the top priorities, while he looks forward to a separate
review of the case by the children's advocate.

"I commend Commissioner Roche for her accountability and transparency in this
matter and will continue to count on that in her ongoing management of the
agency. I know that she and her team take seriously their responsibility for
keeping children safe, and that the Oliver case weighs heavily on them," Patrick
said.

According to DCF officials, the department in September also undertook a Tier 3
review of all cases involving children between the ages of 3 and 6. Roche said
the supervisor in charge of the Oliver case reported that the family was doing
well, despite "call after call" to the social worker from people close to the
family concerned about the living conditions of the children.

"The supervisor entered what we believe now, after a thorough investigation, was
false information indicating that the children were taken care off, that they
were doing well, that the family was taking advantage of the services being
provided, as well as that the home was well furnished and there was plenty of
food in the home," Roche said. "This information was never available to them
because they never visited the home."

Roche said the reports filed from the North Central office regarding the Oliver
family "misled the department to believe this was a family that was stable,"
even though the fact that the mother's boyfriend was now living in the home and
reports of domestic violence should have triggered follow-up visits.

Investigators determined the supervisor "should have noted and addressed the
lack of home visits throughout the year and should have reviewed actions taken
in response to the three 51A reports in June 2013." The supervisor told
investigators she was "surprised" the social worker did not follow up with the
family about the reports, but took no steps to ensure that it happened.

SEIU Local 509, the union representing the fired social worker, said the
department was implementing new policies and procedures that would help prevent
future tragedies from occurring.

The union has been highly critical of the commissioner and her decision to
immediately fire the social worker and supervisor assigned to the Oliver case
without a full investigation, blaming Roche for failing to address dangerous
caseload levels.

Though neither Roche nor the report specifically addressed plans to evaluate
caseload management, the report's conclusion stated that families are "better
served" when caseloads are "effectively monitored" for signals of distress or
concern.

"We will continue to work with the administration to fulfill these commitments
and bring caseloads at the Department of Children & Families down to the
manageable levels needed to keep at-risk children safe," said SEIU spokesman
Jason Stephany.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Department of Children and Families Commissioner Olga Roche announced
Monday that she had fired a third person in connection with the state
department's mishandling of a case involving the disappearance of Jeremiah
Oliver, 5, of Fitchburg. PHOTO / STATE HOUSE NEWS SERVICE Sentinel and
Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our Smugmug site.
Jeremiah Oliver Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting
our Smugmug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            April 27, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

Quincy lawyer's license pulled;
One-year suspension is penalty for alleged mishandling of two estate cases

BYLINE:  Dennis Tatz, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 1

LENGTH: 558 words


BOSTON - Former Norfolk County prosecutor and well-known Quincy defense lawyer
Gerald Kirby has been suspended from practicing law as a result of his alleged
mishandling of two unrelated estate cases.

The state Board of Bar Overseers said Kirby's license was suspended for a year.

Kirby has been a lawyer for nearly 52 years and has an office on Foster Street
near Quincy District Court. He could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

The board said Kirby took $1,000 from a woman who wanted him to settle the
estate of an 88-year-old former Milton woman who died in January 2007.

Kirby allegedly never did the probate work, which was to have included filing a
will, filing a claim with the state Abandoned Property Division, filing the late
woman's last income tax or requesting an extension, and liquidating stock
holdings for an estate valued at about $257,000.

Investigators for the board found that Kirby lied to the executor that he had
applied for a taxpayer identification number for the estate and that someone
from his office would file the woman's last income tax return.

Kirby later allegedly ignored phone calls from the executor about the matter.
When she fired Kirby in October 2008, he allegedly failed to pass the case file
to the estate's new attorney.

Kirby eventually hand-delivered an incomplete file to his successor after the
executor contacted bar counsel. The file was missing six original checks to the
late woman that Kirby allegedly lost.

Kirby's actions caused the estate to incur penalties and interest of $118 owed
to the state Department of Revenue and $506 to the Internal Revenue Service.

Although Kirby returned his $1,000 fee to the executor in January 2009, he made
no reimbursement for the tax penalties.

Kirby's actions caused a drop in the value of the late woman's stock portfolio,
the investigation found.

The other case Kirby handled involved the property of a Randolph woman who was
90 when she died without a will in March 2006.

At the time of the woman's death, her only significant asset was a vacant
building and land on Howard Street in Randolph. The land had an assessed value
of $136,900.

Shortly before the woman died, the town of Randolph filed a petition to
foreclose on the condemned property in an attempt to claim $13,578 in unpaid
taxes. The town also had a lien of $6,975 for health board costs.

In June 2006, the woman's family paid Kirby $1,000 to prepare the property for
sale so proceeds could be divided among her eight children.

Board investigators found Kirby never made an appearance nor did he file
documents in Land Court regarding the case.

After obtaining foreclosure rights, the town spent about $10,500 to demolish the
home in January 2007.

The board alleged that Kirby did not adequately respond to his clients'
questions while the matter was unfolding.

Kirby ignored repeated requests to return his $1,000 fee and neglected to
provide an itemization of his time and services, the board stated.

This is not the first time Kirby has been reprimanded.

He received a public censure in 1992 for failing to cooperate with a bar
investigation involving three matters; he received an informal warning in 1989
for failing to return a client's file and not cooperating with a bar
investigation; and he was placed on probation in 1976 for neglect in two
instances.

Dennis Tatz may be reached at dtatz@ledger.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      APRIL 5, 2004 Monday CHESTER EDITION

Judge upholds officer's reinstatement;
The Malvern veteran was accused of mishandling a DUI case.
His appeal of a second firing on a different complaint is pending.

BYLINE: Benjamin Y. Lowe INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS CHESTER COUNTY & THE REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 442 words


A Chester County judge has upheld an arbitrator's decision to reinstate a
veteran Malvern police officer fired more than a year ago amid accusations of
mishandling a DUI investigation and destroying evidence.

Common Pleas Court Judge Thomas G. Gavin ruled Thursday that the Malvern Civil
Service Commission was right to overturn the officer's firing and instead
suspend him for one week.

In June, the Civil Service Commission found that the borough council's
punishment of Officer James R. Balben was "arbitrary, discriminatory and an
abuse of discretion."

The borough council appealed that decision to Chester County Court in July.

Neither side could be reached for comment last night.

Gavin's decision is the latest in two cases involving Balben and Malvern.

Borough officials first fired Balben, a 13-year veteran, in November 2002 on
allegations he mishandled what they said was a DUI investigation.

That investigation involved an Oct. 27, 2002, incident in which officials said
that Balben destroyed evidence and charged Mark Sullivan of Malvern with public
drunkenness instead of driving under the influence.

During his Civil Service Commission appeal, Balben said no one at the scene, a
downtown shopping center on King Street, saw Sullivan, who was first seen
walking through a store, drive his car.

The car was parked in a handicapped space.

Balben also said during his appeal that the evidence, a pill that some thought
was the prescription drug Xanax, came as a result of an illegal search of
Sullivan's wallet by a second officer.

Balben said the evidence likely would not be admissible in court, a statement
reaffirmed during civil-service hearings by Chester County District Attorney
Joseph W. Carroll.

But Balben's troubles with the borough are not over.

Last summer, borough council members fired Balben a second time - before the
Civil Service Commission had even decided to reinstate him.

Officials dismissed him for misusing his mobile police computer. They said he
used it at least nine times to run personal searches, which included seeking
information about his ex-wife.

The Civil Service Commission upheld Balben's second firing, and Balben appealed
it in December, a month after the arbitrator's ruling.

The case is now pending in front of Gavin.

So if Friday's ruling stands, it could mean that Balben is at least entitled to
back pay between his first and second firings, which were about six months
apart.

The police department did not hire an officer to replace Balben during the
appeals process.

Contact staff writer Benjamin Y. Lowe at 610-701-7615 or blowe@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 3, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition,
                              Correction Appended

Atlanta HUD contractor found to be convicted felon

BYLINE: Julia Malone, Matt Kempner, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 761 words

An Atlanta real estate company that was recently fired for mishandling federally
owned properties in more than 20 states is headed by a convicted felon whose
past includes a string of bankruptcies, Georgia state records show.

Despite that history, Melton L. Harrell and his company, InTown Properties Inc.,
won a contract in March from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development to manage and market $ 367 million in homes that the government had
acquired through foreclosure.

By the time HUD pulled the plug on InTown six months later, it said the company
had sold fewer than 2,300 of the 25,000 homes. The logjam cost taxpayers
millions of dollars, created delays for buyers and left contractors in the lurch
in Georgia and across the country.

InTown filed for bankruptcy protection in Atlanta on Sept. 22, the same day that
HUD terminated its contract.

''HUD sets tough standards for its contractors as part of our effort to wipe out
waste, fraud and abuse involving our funds,'' Housing Secretary Andrew Cuomo
said in announcing the cancellation. ''When contractors fail to meet our
standards, we replace them.''

However, Harrell's record raises questions about how well the department checked
his background before giving his company the biggest contract of its kind in the
country. Stephen Carberry, chief procurement officer for HUD, said Tuesday that
his office was unaware of the criminal record when he approved the InTown
contract early this year.

He said that felony convictions do not bar a contractor from doing business with
the federal government. ''I'm not sure what we would have done'' if HUD had
known about them, Carberry said.

Harrell served in prison and in a halfway house in Georgia from 1975-78 on four
counts of forgery. Georgia court records show that during the same period he
also pled no contest to charges of theft by taking, another felony.

Carberry said he was unaware that Harrell had been affiliated with more than a
dozen companies and partnerships that filed for bankruptcy court protection in
Atlanta between 1987 and 1990, according to court records.

Many of those failed companies invested in apartment complexes that later ended
in foreclosure. Harrell filed for personal bankruptcy in 1989 in U.S. Bankruptcy
Court in Atlanta.

Neither InTown officials nor Harrell returned calls from reporters.

Harrell's wife, Deborah, who reached her husband while he was traveling, passed
along a message from him, saying that ''HUD has not behaved properly. '' He
promised more detailed comments later, she told a reporter Tuesday.

In recent years, InTown has bought derelict properties for renovation in various
cities and worked under contracts with HUD.

Through companies other than InTown, Harrell continues to operate several hotels
in the Valu-Lodge chain.

In 1996 one of his real estate companies was the subject of news reports when it
told some tenants they would have to pay $ 3,000 a month during the Atlanta
Olympics.

HUD's selection of InTown has come under fire from government investigators.

A House Government Reform subcommittee hearing set for today was expected to
criticize Clinton administration officials for their role in the contracting
program.

However, Carberry defended the department. ''All of the federal government
requirements were followed in this case,'' he said. Checks into Harrell's two
dozen previous contracts with HUD came up with no blemishes, he said.

Carberry said that procedures do not call for criminal background checks. He
added that his department had been unaware of past bankruptcies, which were
filed under a variety of company names.

HUD officials also blamed Harrell's two partners, an auctioneering company in
Denver, and an accounting firm in Phoenix, for failing to play a bigger role in
the InTown project.

The housing department's inspector general has issued a scathing report
questioning whether federal officials had adequately checked InTown's financial
capacity to handle so many properties.

''The staff indicated these considerations were discussed, and it was determined
that Intown (sic) had sufficient financing to manage these contracts,'' the
inspector general auditors said on Sept. 30.

Moreover, the inspector general charged that HUD had failed to ''adequately
document or evaluate basic business decisions'' before signing contracts with
InTown and six other real estate management companies.

The seven companies were charged with disposing of about $ 1 billion in
foreclosed properties over five years.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 5, 1999

CORRECTION: Page A/2: Business article: A Business article Wednesday incorrectly
identified the company that was fired by the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development for mishandling federally owned properties and that filed for
bankruptcy protection. The company is InTown Management Group LLC, not Intown
Properties, an affiliated company that owns a majority stake in InTown
Management Group LLC. Also, one charge against Melton L. Harrell, chairman and
chief executive of InTown Management Group LLC, was incorrectly reported. He
pleaded no contest to a 1976 theft-by-taking charge that was reduced to a
misdemeanor.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  JULY 23, 1996 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

JURORS AWARD $1.5 MILLION IN CREMATORIUM SUIT

BYLINE: Mercury News Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 109 words


A San Francisco jury awarded more than $1.5 million Monday to 22 people who sued
a Sebastopol crematorium for allegedly mishandling the ashes of their relatives.
In June, the Superior Court jury found the crematorium liable for mishandling
ashes, mixing ashes and dumping some ashes in an adjacent orchard. Monday's
award ranges from $1.5 million to $2 million for a second group of plaintiffs.
Individual awards range from $25,000 to $250,000. On July 9, the jury awarded $1
million to 16 people who were among the 62 people who sued the Pleasant Hill
Crematorium. The jury will now determine damages for two more groups.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Bay Area News in Brief

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 3, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

SHADOW OVER CONDO MARKET;
Three troubled downtown Minneapolis condominium developments are facing problems
with their lenders.

BYLINE: Susan Feyder, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 858 words


Banks are foreclosing on three condominium projects in downtown Minneapolis,
adding to the growing list of canceled or postponed condo developments.

Each of the three projects being foreclosed on has its own set of issues, but
the deteriorating condo market appears to be the common backdrop.

San Francisco-based Bank of the West has begun foreclosure proceedings on the
Sexton, a 123-unit development at 521 S. 7th St., according to bank spokesman
John Stafford. He said Tuesday a receiver has been appointed to oversee the
bank's interest in the property.

The project has been caught up in a tangle of lawsuits among the development
partners with allegations that include mismanagement of a $26 million
construction loan from the San Francisco bank. Stafford and attorneys for the
developers said slightly more than half of that loan has not been repaid.

Minnwest Bank M.V. is in the midst of foreclosing on one completed and another
proposed condo project.

The Minnesota bank recently was the high bidder at a sheriff's sale of Mill
Trace Condominiums, a 50-unit project at 619 SE. 8th St. that was developed by
Niles Schulz of Dolphin Development. Russ Bushman, chief credit officer for the
bank, said the developers have until March 2008 to redeem the property.

Schulz declined Tuesday to say how much his firm owes the bank, but said he is
confident it will be able to repay the debt and reclaim Mill Trace. He said the
problems are due to sluggish sales, with only 16 units sold so far.

"We think we've corrected that problem," he said, with the installation of a new
sales team.

Minnwest also has begun foreclosure proceedings on property at 10th Street and
Park Avenue S. that was acquired in 2004 by Heritage Development. The developers
had proposed a mixed-use project that was to include 382 condo units in two
towers and street-level retail.

Bushman said a sheriff's sale of the property is scheduled for Oct. 25. He
declined to comment further. Michael Moriarity, a principal of the development
firm, which has been renamed Omni Investments, also declined to comment.

The legal dispute at the Sexton began last spring, when two partners that
together hold a 50 percent interest in the project, Heather Enterprises II and
Medved LP, sued JJT Development, which holds the other 50 percent. The suit
accused JJT of a variety of misdeeds, including selling units in the building
for more than the advertised prices and paying real estate agents inflated
commissions. It also claimed that JJT owed Heather several million dollars for
capital contribution loans.

JJT countersued, also claiming a variety of fraudulent acts, including the
mishandling of the construction loan.

Last month another suit against JJT was filed by Gooter Investments Inc. of
Wausau, Wis., which bought a minority interest in JJT in 2005.

The suit accuses JJT chief manager Brett Thielen of misleading Gooter about
several aspects of the Sexton, including the existence of the disputes among the
developers and the mishandling of the construction loan.

The suit also claims that when Gooter finallly became aware of the problems and
tried to tender its stake in JJT, it was not repaid under a provision that had
been laid out in the original investment agreement.

Thielen's attorney, Ben Houge, on Tuesday called the charges in both suits
against his client "false and scurrilous." He said the other partners'
mismanagement of the construction loan is the main reason for the foreclosure,
because some of the money was supposed to be used to build a parking ramp.
Without the ramp, many potential buyers backed out of purchasing condo units,
Houge said.

Mary Bujold, president of the Minneapolis multifamily housing consultant
Maxfield Research Inc., said she does not believe that foreclosures will become
a widespread problem with area condo developments.

Unit owners in developments that are foreclosed typically aren't affected much
unless they want to sell their units quickly, she said. That's because
foreclosures usually result when developers have failed to sell enough units to
repay their construction loans. "Obviously, it's going to be more difficult to
obtain financing [to buy a unit] if there are a lot of other unsold units in the
building," she said.

Bujold said it's likely that the soft market will cause more developments to be
put on hold. That already has happened, with some projects canceled altogether
and others redrawn to eliminate or reduce the number of residential units
planned.

Earlier this year, the developers of a 290-unit condo building planned for the
Downtown Jaguar site at Hennepin and Washington avenues changed plans and
decided to proceed with a retail-only development.

Slower-than-expected sales also stalled development of the Revue, a 108-unit
condo project planned near the new Guthrie Theater.

Another project that's been put in a holding pattern is the Nicollet, a 350-unit
development originally planned to be the tallest downtown residential tower.

The development partners for the project at 10th Street and Nicollet are mulling
new plans for the building, which they now expect to become a mixed-use
property.

Susan Feyder - 612-673-1723

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            August 1, 2012 Wednesday

UBS to sue US exchange over Facebook debacle: Swiss bank blames Nasdaq after
£240m flotation loss Social network site's shares drop a further 6%

BYLINE: Jill Treanor

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 624 words


Swiss banking group UBS is suing New York's Nasdaq stock exchange for "gross
mishandling" of the Facebook float in May after losing £240m on the bungled
listing of the social media group.

UBS revealed details of its intention to seek compensation for its losses as
Facebook shares plunged to new lows. Facebook fell a further 6% yesterday to
$21.71 and are now down more than 40% from their $38 flotation price.

The loss was suffered when UBS was attempting to buy Facebook shares for its
clients. The Nasdaq system crashed under the weight of the historic flotation,
or initial public offering (IPO), and was unable to process the orders quickly.

"As market maker in one of the largest IPOs in US history, we received
significant orders from clients, including clients of our wealth management
businesses. Due to multiple operational failures by Nasdaq, UBS's pre-market
orders were not confirmed for several hours after the stock had commenced
trading," the bank said.

This resulted in the bank entering orders "multiple times" and left UBS with
more shares than it needed. The plunge in the value of those shares has left UBS
nursing hefty losses.

Rumours about the scale of the UBS losses first emerged in June but the Swiss
bank confirmed its exposure to the controversial flotation and the impact it had
on its overall profitability, for the first time yesterday.

UBS blamed Nasdaq's "multiple failures to carry out its obligations" and the
decision not to halt trading for its losses, which pushed the bank's investment
banking arm to a SF130m (£85m) loss in the second quarter from a profit in the
same period a year earlier.

"We will take appropriate legal action against Nasdaq to address its gross
mishandling of the offering and its substantial failures to perform its duties,"
UBS said.

Shares in the Swiss bank fell almost 5% after its figures disappointed the
market with second quarter pre-tax profits of SFr951m compared with Sfr1.3bn a
year earlier.

Last week Facebook's first results presentation as a public company failed to
convince investors, with revenues of only £750m for the three months ending 30
June.

On the day of the flotation, Nasdaq was forced to delay the start of trading in
the new shares owing to a glitch in its trading system.

Nasdaq was not immediately available for comment but on Friday its chief
executive Robert Greifeld said that the $62m (£39m) it had already set aside for
compensation was its final response to the problems, which have also prompted
other firms to consider legal action. He said there were "substantial legal and
factual defences" against any court cases.

Among other critics of the Facebook flotation is the broker Knight Capital which
has said it has lost $30m on the flotation.

Cases have also been brought by shareholders against Facebook, and against the
banks involved in helping to sell the social network's shares. The shareholders
argue that the company's growth forecasts were hidden from them before the
flotation.

The decision to take legal action against Nasdaq came as UBS painted a gloomy
outlook for the banking sector.

Chief executive Sergio Ermotti said: "A return of confidence can only happen
when clients believe there is a clear and lasting resolution to today's economic
and political challenges, and this will take time". Ermotti succeeded Oswald
Grubel, who was forced to quit in the wake of an unauthorised trading scandal.
London trader Kweku Adoboli faces a fraud trial in September.

The scale of the losses on the Facebook flotation that UBS has admitted to have
confused some rivals as they are nearly 10 times the size of other so-called
market makers in the stock.

UBS said that its own "system protocols" had been triggered to ensure orders for
clients were filled.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

Marijuana initiative will be on 08 ballot

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 472 words


An Alameda County Superior Court judge has nullified the results of a
hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by Alameda County
election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a citizen-sponsored
medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a re-vote in 2008.

Judge Winifred Smith upheld a tentative decision from July where she sided with
an organization of medical marijuana advocates who sought to contest the narrow
defeat of the marijuana dispensary initiative that year. The initiative failed
by 191 votes, or less than half a percent of the ballots cast.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

"It is something that's very uncommon now, but I think it will become very
common," said Bev Harris, founder of Black Box Voting, a nonprofit voting
watchdog group, of Smith's decision. "We, as a society, got sold a bill of goods
with equipment that did not work properly."

Smith found that the medical-marijuana group never could exercise its right to
contest the election because county officials barred access to electronic voting
machine records needed to show whether the ballots were recorded accurately.

Within days after voters went to the polls and voted on Measure R, Alameda
County's then-Registrar of Voters Bradley Clark charged Americans for Safe
Access a little more than $22,600 to recount electronic ballots on the county's
touch-screen voting machines, made by Diebold Election Systems Inc.

State elections law says petitioners for an election recount get to see more,
including all ballots plus "all other relevant materials."

But Clark denied the group's requests for the machines' internal audit logs.

Yet Alameda County attorneys did not settle the lawsuit that Americans for Safe
Access filed and county elections officials continued to deny release of the
records well after Clark left the county for a state job and then retirement in
Hawaii.

"I think this shows county officials that procedures are put in place for a
reason," Harris said. "It's important to follow those procedures."

Smith ruled Tuesday that Alameda County officials have engaged in "a pattern of
withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence" necessary to
conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the judge found "to
be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the Diebold voting
machines.

Alameda County Counsel Richard Winnie said the county does have the right to
file an appeal, but would not say if one was forthcoming. Alameda County
officials have stated in the past it will conduct any re-vote at no expense to
the city of Berkeley.

Reach Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 28, 1998, Wednesday

Quackenbush fines insurer for claims mishandling

BYLINE: BY RON LENT

SECTION: INSURANCE; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


California Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush, belying critics' claims
that his actions are unduly influenced by the industry that he regulates, last
week fined Surety Company of the Pacific $1 million for alleged claims
mishandling practices. Mr. Quackenbush said that the Surety Company of the
Pacific fine would ""ensure that consumers of Surety Company of the Pacific will
be carefully protected in the future, and that other California surety bond
companies will pay close attention as well.''

Since taking office, Mr. Quackenbush has been under fire for allegedly favoring
insurers. That perception stems in part from insurers spending $2.5 million to
help elect him. Mr. Quackenbush's penalty against the Encino- based surety bond
specialist boosts his total of fines against insurance companies to $29.6
million since he took office in January 1995, succeeding John Garamendi. Fines
imposed by Mr. Garamendi totaled $6.57 million during his four-year term.

State Insurance Department Press Secretary Dana Spurrier said that Surety
Company of the Pacific was penalized for ""creating burdensome claims processing
procedures that resulted in unnecessary delays.'' The fine stems from a July
1995 audit by the Insurance Department of the surety company's claims practices.

Phone calls to Surety Company of the Pacific were referred to the firm's
chairman, Montgomery Erwin, who was unavailable for comment.

Surety bonds guarantee to one party that another - the contractor - will
complete a particular job, usually within a specified period of time.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 8, 1987, Friday, City Edition

Ex-lawyer may get to rejoin state bar

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - Former Pinellas County lawyer William E. Whitlock III    may be
allowed to rejoin the Florida Bar, the state Supreme Court    decided on
Thursday.

     The court ordered that a referee appointed by the bar work out a    plan to
let Whitlock repay $ 300,000 he owes to people.  After a payment    schedule is
approved by the court, Whitlock will be allowed to rejoin    the bar but will be
on probation.

     Whitlock, formerly of Tarpon Springs, was first suspended for
mishandling clients' money in 1982, and again in 1986 for mishandling a    real
estate transaction.

     In granting Whitlock a break, the court cited testimony that    Whitlock is
well regarded and works now as the operator of a Winter
 Haven lawn maintenance service.

     The justices said he should be allowed to work as a lawyer to repay    his
debts.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 14, 2010 Sunday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Fired employee is suing Whole Foods She complains she was let go after blowing
whistle on alleged mishandling of organic produce at market in Brentwood.

BYLINE: BY GEORGINA GUSTIN o ggustin@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8195

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: 0


Clayton - A longtime employee of the Whole Foods Market in Brentwood is suing
the company for firing her after she complained to her superiors about the
alleged mishandling of organic produce.

Elisha Wellman of St. Louis had worked at the store since 2001. But in late
August, she was fired, the lawsuit says, after she repeatedly pointed out
unsanitary display crates and shelving, and the commingling of organic and
nonorganic produce.

"She attempted to bring this to the attention of her managers, then brought it
to a regional level, and then a week or so later she lost her job," said Gary A.
Growe, Wellman's attorney. "They accused her of being involved with some
customer complaints some six or eight months ago, that she had nothing to do
with."

Under the "at-will" doctrine, Wellman had the legal ability to quit at anytime,
while Whole Foods could fire her at any time, for any reason, unless the
termination was discriminatory. But, Growe explained, the law contains a "public
policy exemption" that prohibits a company from firing a person if they point
out violations of law or policy. It's under this exemption that Growe is making
his case.

"The law gives you the term 'whistle-blower,'" Growe said.

As a certified organic store, Whole Foods has to comply with U.S. Department of
Agriculture rules that strictly prohibit the mingling of organic and nonorganic
foods.

The company would not comment on the specifics of the complaint, but a spokesman
explained that the store separates organic from nonorganic produce by taking a
number of required steps. They include putting bagged produce between crates of
organic produce, requiring employees to use different tools for handing organic
and conventional produce, and prohibiting conventional produce from being placed
on the top of "wet racks" to prevent water runoff from trickling onto nonorganic
produce below.

"We were the first national retailer to become voluntarily certified organic
under the USDA's National Organic Program, and each of our U.S. stores is
inspected and certified each year by a USDA-accredited organic certifier...,"
explained Kate Klotz, a company spokeswoman.

"Their inspectors review each department in our stores in order to ensure that
our organic products are purchased, handled and sold with integrity. They also
verify that our team members are well trained in organic food handling
requirements. We continue to work closely with the USDA and the organic
community to ensure that the organic standards remain strong and consistent with
our shoppers' expectations."

The lawsuit names Whole Foods and Brian Gourley, the store's manager, as
defendants, and seeks punitive and actual damages.

Growe said he would not make Wellman available for comment.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 13, 2010 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Fired employee sues Whole Foods She complains she was let go after blowing the
whistle on the alleged mishandling of organic produce at the market in
Brentwood.

BYLINE: BY GEORGINA GUSTIN o ggustin@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8195

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 456 words

DATELINE: 0


Clayton - A longtime employee of the Whole Foods Market in Brentwood is suing
the company for firing her after she complained to her superiors about the
alleged mishandling of organic produce.

Elisha Wellman of St. Louis had worked at the store since 2001. But in late
August, she was fired, the lawsuit says, after she repeatedly pointed out
unsanitary display crates and shelving, and the commingling of organic and
nonorganic produce.

"She attempted to bring this to the attention of her managers, then brought it
to a regional level, and then a week or so later she lost her job," said Gary A.
Growe, Wellman's attorney. "They accused her of being involved with some
customer complaints some six or eight months ago, that she had nothing to do
with."

Under the "at-will" doctrine, Wellman had the legal ability to quit at anytime,
while Whole Foods could fire her at any time, for any reason, unless the
termination was discriminatory. But, Growe explained, the law contains a "public
policy exemption" that prohibits a company from firing a person if they point
out violations of law or policy. It's under this exemption that Growe is making
his case.

"The law gives you the term 'whistle-blower,'" Growe said.

As a certified organic store, Whole Foods has to comply with U.S. Department of
Agriculture rules that strictly prohibit the mingling of organic and nonorganic
foods.

The company would not comment on the specifics of the complaint, but a spokesman
explained that the store separates organic from nonorganic produce by taking a
number of required steps. They include putting bagged produce between crates of
organic produce, requiring employees to use different tools for handing organic
and conventional produce, and prohibiting conventional produce from being placed
on the top of "wet racks" to prevent water runoff from trickling onto nonorganic
produce below.

"We were the first national retailer to become voluntarily certified organic
under the USDA's National Organic Program, and each of our U.S. stores is
inspected and certified each year by a USDA-accredited organic certifier...,"
explained Kate Klotz, a company spokeswoman. "Their inspectors review each
department in our stores in order to ensure that our organic products are
purchased, handled and sold with integrity. They also verify that our team
members are well trained in organic food handling requirements. We continue to
work closely with the USDA and the organic community to ensure that the organic
standards remain strong and consistent with our shoppers' expectations."

The lawsuit names Whole Foods and Brian Gourley, the store's manager, as
defendants, and seeks punitive and actual damages.

Growe said he would not make Wellman available for comment.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           October 6, 2004 Wednesday

PAMF, MayView right to remedy likely vaccine gaffe

SECTION: OPINIONS/EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 266 words


AS a result of the suspected mishandling of children's vaccines for diseases
such as diphtheria and measles, there is a distinct chance that as many as 1,000
children vaccinated in 2001 are not immune to the illnesses. To compensate for
the possible blunder, the Palo Alto Medical Foundation and MayView Community
Health Center are offering revaccinations for people who suspect their children
may have been recipients of the potentially ineffectual vaccine.

A five-month investigation into an anonymous letter sent to both facilities was
launched to determine whether the vaccinations were indeed tainted. The letter
alleged that a former nurse improperly transported the vaccines between PAMF and
MayView. Mishandling vaccines, including the failure to refrigerate them during
transportation, can alter their effectiveness.

PAMF, which serves southern San Mateo County and parts of northern Santa Clara
County, could have as many as 1,250 patients affected by the vaccine snafu.
MayView's low-income family clinic in Mountain View vaccinated another 25
patients. Most of those vaccinated were infants.

While this suspected vaccination error poses a potentially dangerous situation
for the children who might or might not be immune, PAMF and MayView are wisely
taking the precautionary high road by offering to re-vaccinate people who fear
they received tainted vaccines.

PAMF is offering a special drop-in clinic from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 16 at the
pediatrics department.

MayView's patients will be contacted individually, or they may call for
information at [650] 965-3323.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                            October 5, 2004 Tuesday

PAMF, MayView right to remedy likely vaccine gaffe

SECTION: OPINIONS/EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 266 words


AS a result of the suspected mishandling of children's vaccines for diseases
such as diphtheria and measles, there is a distinct chance that as many as 1,000
children vaccinated in 2001 are not immune to the illnesses. To compensate for
the possible blunder, the Palo Alto Medical Foundation and MayView Community
Health Center are offering revaccinations for people who suspect their children
may have been recipients of the potentially ineffectual vaccine.

A five-month investigation into an anonymous letter sent to both facilities was
launched to determine whether the vaccinations were indeed tainted. The letter
alleged that a former nurse improperly transported the vaccines between PAMF and
MayView. Mishandling vaccines, including the failure to refrigerate them during
transportation, can alter their effectiveness.

PAMF, which serves southern San Mateo County and parts of northern Santa Clara
County, could have as many as 1,250 patients affected by the vaccine snafu.
MayView's low-income family clinic in Mountain View vaccinated another 25
patients. Most of those vaccinated were infants.

While this suspected vaccination error poses a potentially dangerous situation
for the children who might or might not be immune, PAMF and MayView are wisely
taking the precautionary high road by offering to re-vaccinate people who fear
they received tainted vaccines.

PAMF is offering a special drop-in clinic from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 16 at the
pediatrics department.

MayView's patients will be contacted individually, or they may call for
information at [650] 965-3323.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 25, 1990, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. IS SCRUTINIZING IMMIGRATION FRAUD

BYLINE: By SETH MYDANS, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 25; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Nov. 24


The Government says it is cracking down on entrepreneurs who are charging
illegal immigrants thousands of dollars to help them apply for legal status,
then mishandling their applications.

In the opening round of that crackdown, the Immigration and Naturalization
Service moved this week against two organizations it accused of mishandling
applications filed with its Las Vegas office.

On Monday, immigration agents raided the Las Vegas office of the president of a
nationwide Hispanic civil rights organization, the League of United Latin
American Citizens. Immigration officials said the president, Jose Velez, had
received thousands of dollars each for helping 800 amnesty applicants but filed
only 17 applications for amnesty with the Las Vegas immigration office.

In Los Angeles on Wednesday, Cesar Condes, head of a group set up to help
immigrants, Social Outreach Services, pleaded guilty to Federal fraud charges.
The company is accused of filing falsified applications in a business that
involved at least 500 immigrants, from whom the services collected $1.5 million.


More Time, More Fraud

John Brechtel, the immigration service's assistant district director for
investigations, said its regional offices had seen many fraudulent applications
since certain filing deadlines were extended under court order.

"There are cases under investigation that involve legalization fraud, and these
cases are being pursued," Mr. Brechtel said. "In a couple of weeks they will
come together and you will see the big picture."

The 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act allowed illegal aliens to file for
amnesty and become legal residents of the United States in a filing period that
ended in May 1988. But the courts have extended that filing period for some
categories of immigrants.

"Amnesty has been extended for people who left the country at a certain time if
they returned at a certain time," said Jeffrey Johnson, the assistant United
States Attorney who is prosecuting the case against Social Outreach Services.
"So a lot of people are trying to get in under that exception."

A Political Element

One of the organizations that sued to extend the filing deadlines was the League
of United Latin American Citizens, whose leader, Mr. Velez, is accused of
collecting money for applications he did not file. He denied the accusation and
told local newspapers that the raid was politically motivated.

Mr. Brechtel denied that. "We are not investigating the Lulac organization," he
said. "We are investigating applications that were filed and that we believe
were highly questionable."

The two court cases that resulted in the exceptions were brought on slightly
different grounds by Mr. Velez's group and by Catholic Social Services, another
immigration assistance group. The Federal immigration service is accepting
applications under the exceptions while appealing the cases.

"What we are seeing right now is that as a result of those two court decisions
applications are being filed right now that are highly questionable," Mr.
Brechtel said. "They are coming in with a lot of information that is being
doctored up."

Filling in the Blanks

Mr. Condes, the leader of Social Outreach Services, was accused of helping
immigrants, most of them Filipinos, to file documents that falsely claimed they
had been in the United States before 1982, the cutoff for applicants for amnesty
under the 1986 law. Mr. Condes filed his applications in Las Vegas through
Diana's Immigration Services, a business run by Diana Hernandez, according to
The Las Vegas Review Journal.

The indictment says employees of Social Outreach Services would ask applicants
to sign a form that had not been completed and would then complete the form with
false biographical information. Some applicants were asked to find receipts that
would suggest they had lived in the United States before 1982, the indictment
says, adding that Mr. Condes and four other employees of his agency said they
would provide the applicants with documentation for an additional fee.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Texas Rangers find no felonious activity in Goliad money mismanagement case

BYLINE: J.R. Ortega, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


May 31--A more than half-year investigation by law enforcement into the city of
Goliad's mishandling of public money has concluded.

No felonies were committed according to the investigation, District Attorney
Michael Sheppard said Friday.

The investigation into the city's municipal development district was conducted
by the Texas Rangers and an FBI agent retained by the District Attorney's
office.

A 2013 Advocate investigation found the development district was riddled with
poor record-keeping, questionable loan practices and missing documents.

No further investigation is being discussed, said Sheppard.

Goliad City Administrator Larry Zermeno said he was "elated" with the
conclusion.

"It's what we expected," he said. "Since day one we've welcomed the
investigation. We can make mistakes like anyone else."

In September, Sheppard brought in the Texas Rangers to conduct the
investigation.

Sheppard said it would be hard specifically to know what the Rangers found.

"Things can be bad policy and bad politics and not be a felony," he said. "It's
up to the public to decide what they view as acceptable."

To pursue a local investigation, Sheppard said, would have been a catch-22;
either the outcome would be seen by the public as being swept under the rug or
as the authorities charging themselves to cover themselves up.

Investigations, however, are never technically closed, he added.

"This is why we asked the Rangers to do it," he said. "It's more objective. They
don't know any of the players."

Goliad resident Linda Powell, who brought the mishandling to the public's
attention about a year ago, was not surprised by the findings.

"It's almost like a whitewashing of everything, and the citizens deserve better
than that," Powell said.

Powell said she thinks the investigation was limited, because she has the paper
trail showing the mismanagement and does not understand how something felonious
could not have been uncovered.

"It's as clear as the day is long," she said of money errors. "If you don't turn
over every stone, you are not going to find the problems."

___ (c)2014 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140531-VI-Texas-Rangers-find-no-felonious-activity-in-Goliad-money-mismanageme
nt-case-0531-20140531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2014 Victoria Advocate


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Prosecutors refile some cases dismissed in West Valley City police scandal

BYLINE: By Nate Carlisle The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 1055 words


On April 7, Terry Christiansen visited an attorney's office to give a deposition
in his lawsuit against West Valley City.

Inside the law offices in downtown Salt Lake City, Christiansen described what
he contends was excessive force and the inappropriate touching of his wife when
West Valley City police arrested him on suspicion of assault and drug charges in
2012. The criminal charges were dismissed the following year as police and
prosecutors became concerned about possible misconduct within West Valley City's
Neighborhood Narcotics Unit.

When Christiansen finished his deposition, West Valley City police officers
arrested him again. The charges against him had been refiled, and there was a
warrant for his arrest.

Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill on Tuesday said he has refiled about
30 of the 100-or-so West Valley City cases he dismissed, including the charges
against Christiansen.

"We dismissed these cases, but we've always said we were going to go back and
review them," Gill said.

Some of the cases were refiled after new corroboration or witnesses were
discovered, Gill said. In other cases, his office decided it could proceed with
the existing evidence.

Gill said his office will share with defense attorneys the problems that were
found with the investigating officers and the Neighborhood Narcotics Unit.
Defense attorneys can then present those problems to a judge or jury.

West Valley City police Chief Lee Russo, who was hired after the problems in the
Neighborhood Narcotics Unit were discovered, said he was glad the cases had been
filed again, but that it doesn't excuse the conduct that created problems.

"It certainly shows that this wasn't a rogue unit; that there was still good
police work going on in it," Russo said.

Following the Nov. 2, 2012, fatal shooting of drug suspect Danielle Willard by a
narcotics detective, a city-led probe unearthed a number of problems with the
unit, including mishandling of evidence and booking evidence without proper
documentation ccc as well as the possibility of missing drugs and money. The
probe also found that seized items, such as loose change or a CD in a seized
vehicle, were improperly accounted for and that officers kept "trophies" from
drug busts for themselves and for use as training aids.

After the investigation, the then-narcotics lieutenant named in Christiansen's
lawsuit, John Coyle, was demoted to a rank-and-file officer. A city panel later
overturned that demotion. West Valley City is suing its own panel to reinstate
the demotion.

Shawn Cowley, the officer who shot and killed Danielle Willard, was fired for
mishandling drug evidence. Six other detectives were disciplined.

Gill's office, beginning in late 2012, dismissed about 100 cases out of concern
about the problems in the narcotics unit. Federal prosecutors dismissed at least
27 cases in which West Valley City police were witnesses or gathered evidence.

Christiansen's dismissal became the most prominent because of his subsequent
lawsuit against West Valley City. According to court documents, a West Valley
City detective received information about drugs being sold at Christiansen's
residence. On Oct. 26, 2012, Coyle and another detective went to the home to
speak with Christiansen.

While speaking with Coyle, charging documents in the criminal case say,
Christiansen became nervous and reached for his waistband. Coyle saw him remove
a clear vial and ordered Christiansen to show his hands. The documents say
Christiansen ran toward the back of the home. A struggle ensued.

Christiansen was charged ccc and is now recharged ccc with felony counts of
aggravated assault, unlawful possession of a weapon and drug possession, as well
as two related misdemeanor counts.

The lawsuit alleges narcotics detectives entered the Christiansens' home in
October 2012 and used excessive force on Christiansen by slamming his head into
walls, knocking his teeth loose and using a choke hold on him that made him lose
consciousness.

The lawsuit also alleges his wife, Brandy Christiansen, was illegally searched
about four times, including vaginal touching by one of the male officers under
"the guise of searching for drugs."

Christiansen later moved to California. The criminal charges against him were
refiled in July 2014. An arrest warrant was issued, but never served.

Russo on Tuesday said Christiansen's move to California made it difficult to
arrest him.

When West Valley City's attorneys informed the police department that
Christiansen was returning to Utah for a deposition, Russo authorized the plan
to arrest him, the chief said.

In a filing in the federal civil rights lawsuit, Christiansen's California
attorney, Mark Geragos, implies his client was unaware of the new criminal
charges or that an arrest warrant had been issued for him.

Geragos' filing calls the deposition "a ruse to lure" Christiansen, and says the
criminal charges were refiled "to retaliate against him for bringing this
lawsuit."

Geragos wants to depose attorneys representing West Valley City and the officers
about the new criminal charges and the arrest. A judge has yet to rule. Neither
Geragos nor a local attorney representing Christiansen returned calls for
comment Tuesday.

Three days after Christiansen was arrested again, a state court judge ordered
Christiansen's release from the Salt Lake County jail.

Christiansen's next court appearance in his criminal case is scheduled for June
4. He faces up to five years in prison on each of the felony counts.

Christiansen was arrested at the offices of Blake Hamilton, an attorney
representing West Valley City and individual officers named in Christiansen's
lawsuit. Hamilton on Tuesday emphasized he had no role in Christiansen's arrest.

Hamilton said his clients feel vindicated by the renewed charges against
Christiansen. He said the refiled charges are particularly important for Coyle,
who has said he sustained a cut on his thumb from Christiansen swinging a knife.

"There were a lot of cases that were good, solid criminal cases," Hamilton said
of the cases that were dismissed.

Cowley was charged with manslaughter for killing Willard, but a judge later
dismissed the charge. Cowley is appealing his termination. Willard's family
settled their wrongful death lawsuit against West Valley City for $1.4 million.

ncarlisle@sltrib.com

Twitter: @natecarlisle

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 March 1, 2000 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

APPEALS COURT RULES OUT BAIL FOR NUCLEAR SCIENTIST LAB-SECRETS TRIAL WON'T BEGIN
UNTIL AT LEAST NOVEMBER

BYLINE: DAN STOBER, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 547 words


A federal appeals court Tuesday turned down Wen Ho Lee's plea to be released on
bail, increasing the chances that the scientist will remain in jail in New
Mexico until his trial on mishandling nuclear secrets, scheduled for November at
the earliest.

Lee, 60, worked at Los Alamos National Laboratory for 19 years, helping design
nuclear weapons. He was indicted in December for allegedly downloading files to
portable backup data tapes, some of which are missing.

Tuesday in Denver, a three-judge panel of the 10th U.S. District Court of
Appeals upheld earlier rulings by a federal judge and a magistrate in
Albuquerque that Lee might flee and was a danger to the community. The
"community" had been defined as "270 million Americans," meaning the entire
country would be at risk if Lee were to provide nuclear weapons secrets to a
foreign country.

Lee's defense attorneys derided the theory that Lee was a spy or would flee, but
the appeals court agreed with U.S. District Court Judge James Parker that there
was no "combination of conditions of release that will reasonably assure the
safety of any other person and the community or the nation."

Acting U.S. Attorney Robert Gorence was pleased with the ruling. "Five federal
judges have examined the issue of Lee's dangerousness. They have, without
exception, determined that if he were at liberty prior to trial, Mr.Lee would
pose an unacceptable risk to U.S national security," Gorence said in
Albuquerque.

Mark Holscher, one of Lee's attorneys, did not return a phone call seeking
comment.

Lee has not been charged with espionage, but prosecutors argued during bail
hearings in December that Lee could be a spy who would give away nuclear secrets
if given a chance.

Government witness argued that if Lee were released to his home, the FBI could
not prevent him from passing information from the seven missing data tapes to
agents of a foreign country.

In one exchange, Parker asked how someone in Lee's position could disclose
secrets "if all computers, cell phones, two-way radios, and any other wire or
wireless communication devices were removed from your home -- a wiretap was
placed on the phone -- you personally were required to wear an electronic
monitoring anklet -- plus 24-hour FBI surveillance -- your mail would be
screened."

FBI counterintelligence specialist Robert Messemer said the wiretap would
require a team of agents fluent in several Chinese dialects, listening for a
prearranged message disclosing the location of the missing tapes to an
accomplice.

If Lee were dealing with a foreign intelligence agency -- none was mentioned,
but Lee had been investigated as a potential spy for China -- the agency might
see to it that Lee is "snatched and taken out of the country," said John Kelly,
who was at the time of the bail hearings the U.S. attorney for New Mexico.

The publicity surrounding the case might tempt intelligence agents from a number
of countries to snatch Lee, Messemer said.

Holscher, Lee's defense attorney, disagreed. "This scenario that is being strung
here of spies and the inference that Dr. Lee will commit a death-penalty offense
(espionage) while under the most heightened security ever in the United States
is just a ludicrous premise," he told the judge.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Wen Ho Lee
The nuclear scientist is accused of mishandling nuclear secrets.
[000301 FR 8A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 16, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

LARGO PRINCIPAL CLEARED

BYLINE: LORRI HELFAND, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 556 words

DATELINE: LARGO



HIGHLIGHT: Fred Ulrich didn't harass a teacher who killed herself, the district
says.


A Pinellas County schools investigation has found insufficient evidence to
substantiate allegations that Largo Middle School principal Fred Ulrich harassed
a teacher who committed suicide.

The investigation by the district's Office of Equal Opportunity released this
week also found Ulrich properly handled student discipline problems.

Teacher Linda Joy Taylor, 47, shot herself in front of the school Dec. 22 during
Christmas vacation. Stress over alleged improper advances from Ulrich and his
mishandling of a threat from a student led Taylor to take her own life,
according to her parents and her suicide note.

The threat "was the tipping point that cost Linda's life," Gene Taylor, her
father, said Thursday.

The investigation cleared Ulrich of allegations of unprofessional conduct. But
records obtained from the Largo Police Department and the school system show
other teachers were worried about their own safety and some students several
years ago were uncomfortable with Ulrich's behavior toward them.

E-mails between Linda Taylor and school personnel showed she was upset about the
threat and rumors a group of students wanted to jump her when she returned from
Thanksgiving break.

On Dec. 1, Largo Middle School teacher Gail George-Coppens wrote an e-mail to
assistant principal Jennifer Wyne, saying she overheard an eighth-grade boy
mutter "under his breath that he would like to kill (Ms.) Taylor."

"The only reason I am reacting to this is because of the ongoing concern I have
about whatever dwells deep within (the boy)," George-Coppens wrote.

Another teacher, Cindy Snow, was concerned about the incidents.Ulrich wrote back
saying the boy was being disciplined. Records show he was suspended for several
days.

A threat assessment determined the boy was not capable of carrying out the
threat, the investigation said. "I did not find him to be a threat to her in any
way," school resource officer Chris Burke said Thursday. "I'm afraid it was her
paranoia that made him into a threat."

The parents agreed to transfer the boy to another school.

Taylor also alleged that Ulrich kissed her several times on the cheek and hugged
her in a way that made her feel uncomfortable. Ulrich admitted he hugged Taylor
on two occasions.

The situations did not "appear to be an advancement of a sexual nature," the
investigation found.

Taylor indicated during the investigation that she did not feel sexually
harassed, but rather subjected to unprofessional behavior. Teachers and
administrators interviewed for the investigation disagreed.

In the fall of 2005, some students were also uncomfortable with Ulrich's
behavior toward them, according to an investigation by the district's Office of
Professional Standards.

The situation began with a complaint from a mother whose daughter was
uncomfortable with how Ulrich looked at her and touched her back. Six other
students said they were uncomfortable with the way Ulrich looked at them or
touched their arms or backs, case records said. The allegation was deemed
"partially substantiated." Ulrich was counseled.

He said he was looking at students to enforce the dress code and that
encouraging pats on the back were misconstrued.

"My intentions are noble," said Ulrich, who was new to the school in 2005. "They
just were misinterpreted."

Lorri Helfand can be reached at lorri@sptimes.com or (727) 445-4155.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2): Largo Middle School principal Fred Ulrich, left, was accused
by Linda Joy Taylor of improper advances and mishandling a student threat.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 24, 1999, Monday, Final Edition

Prosecuting Lee Is Problematic; Physicist's Mishandling of Computer Data May Not
Be Crime

Vernon Loeb; Walter Pincus, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 902 words


Espionage suspect Wen Ho Lee's transfer of top secret computer programs from a
classified to a vulnerable computer network at Los Alamos National Laboratory
has left federal prosecutors wrestling with the question of whether such
mishandling of classified information in cyberspace constitutes a crime.

Lacking evidence of espionage, FBI agents have focused on Lee's unauthorized
data transfer ever since they searched his desktop computer in March and
discovered top secret "legacy codes" in a system that could have been accessed
by hackers.

But there is no known prosecution of anyone for transferring classified data
from classified to unclassified government computer systems, leaving prosecutors
to fathom the frontiers of cybersecurity under espionage statutes that make no
reference to computers, according to lawyers specializing in national security
law and U.S. officials familiar with the case.

Lee, 59, a Taiwan-born nuclear physicist who is a U.S. citizen, was fired March
8 for alleged security violations at Los Alamos and identified by U.S. officials
as an espionage suspect, despite their inability to charge him as a spy for
China. Congress is investigating why the FBI and the Justice Department failed
to search his office computer prior to his dismissal.

That slow response drew more criticism yesterday. The chairman of the Senate
intelligence committee, Richard C. Shelby (R-Ala.), renewed his call for the
ouster of Attorney General Janet Reno. Branding her handling of the case
"indefensible," Shelby said on CBS's "Face the Nation" that "the attorney
general ought to resign and she ought to take her top lieutenants with her."

On the same show, Sen. Robert G. Torricelli (D-N.J.) also criticized Reno,
although he stopped short of advocating resignation: "It's time for President
Clinton to have a conversation with the attorney general about her ability to
perform her duties and whether or not it is in the national interest for her to
continue." Torricelli said Reno had displayed "failures of judgment" that were
"inexplicable." He singled out her decision not to approve a wire tap of Lee
"despite overwhelming evidence that there was probable cause and that the
national security was being compromised."

White House spokesman Barry Toiv said Clinton "has full confidence in Attorney
General Reno," Reuters reported.

Lee has denied passing classified information to China and has said through his
attorney he took "substantial steps" to safeguard the transferred computer
codes.

A provision of the federal espionage statute makes the removal of classified
defense information from its "proper place of custody" through "gross
negligence" a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison, according to
lawyers specializing in national security cases.

But it is unclear whether Lee could be charged under that provision, absent
intent on his part to make unlawful use of the data or evidence it was obtained
by unauthorized individuals, they said.

"You've got a clear security breech," said former CIA inspector general
Frederick Hitz. "But as far as a criminal prosecution . . . I would think that's
going to be tough."

Another law makes the "unauthorized removal and retention of classified
documents or material" at one's home a misdemeanor punishable by a maximum $
1,000 fine and one-year prison sentence. The measure was enacted to safeguard
classified materials against careless handling, not espionage.

Two former National Security Agency employees, a husband and wife, were the
first to be prosecuted under the law last year, pleading guilty to having
retained classified documents at their home after leaving government service.

But the lawyers specializing in national security cases say they do not believe
the statute could be used against Lee, because he apparently did not remove the
programs from government property.

They said in two recent cases involving computer transfers of classified
information, one involving another Los Alamos scientist and the other, former
CIA director John M. Deutch, the Justice Department declined prosecution.

The scientist at Los Alamos, who has not been publicly identified, moved
classified nuclear weapons data last year from the laboratory's classified to
its unclassified network in a transfer analogous to that performed by Lee.

But the transfer was ultimately determined to have been "inadvertent," according
to a senior Energy Department official. The FBI found no criminal intent and
closed the case, the official said.

Deutch was investigated by the Justice Department for transferring more than 30
classified documents to his personal, unsecured laptop during his tenure as CIA
director from May 1995 to December 1996. The security breach was discovered when
CIA specialists went to his Washington home to remove a classified computer and
safe and discovered the classified files on his personal computer.

Under CIA policy, Deutch's security violation was forwarded to Justice for
review, but officials there declined prosecution. The case was recently recently
returned to the CIA for review by Inspector General Britt Snider, who is
expected to complete a report on the matter soon.

Deutch, who does government consulting and teaches at Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, could have his security clearance lifted for a period of time, one
government source said.


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ray lustig

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Why Is the FBI Still Targeting David Petraeus?: Lake and Rogin

LENGTH: 1305  words

DATELINE: New Jersey


Global Association of Risk Professionals has issued the following news release:

By all outward appearances, David Petraeus appears to be mounting a comeback.
The former general landed a job at powerhouse private-equity firm KKR, has
academic perches at Harvard and the University of Southern California and,
according to White House sources, was even asked by the President Barack Obama's
administration for advice on the fight against Islamic State. Yet it turns out
that the extramarital affair that forced him to resign as director of the
Central Intelligence Agency is still hanging over him.

Most importantly: According to current and former U.S. intelligence officials
who have spoken to us, the FBI still has an open investigation into whether
Petraeus improperly provided highly classified documents to Paula Broadwell, his
biographer and the woman with whom he had an affair.

A little history: In the spring of 2012, the Federal Bureau of Investigation
stumbled upon the Petraeus-Broadwell relationship while investigating a separate
cyber-stalking matter. While the FBI has cleared Broadwell of those charges, and
Obama has said Petraeus never endangered national security, the FBI's probe
remains open.

Two U.S. officials familiar with the investigation say Broadwell was never
authorized to receive material that was found on her personal computer. Because
this included compartmentalized intelligence that only a handful of very senior
officials were approved to view, the FBI considers the breach to be a serious
matter. "It was inappropriately shared and it should never have been shared,"
one former senior intelligence official said.

Petraeus is not the first senior national security official to be investigated
for mishandling classified material. In 1996, CIA director John Deutch was
caught with several top secret documents on his home computer. His security
clearance was stripped and he pled guilty to a misdemeanor, but eventually was
pardoned by President Bill Clinton. Sandy Berger, a Clinton national security
adviser, lost his security clearance for three years and paid a $10,000 fine in
2005 for absconding with sensitive documents in his socks from the National
Archives.

What stands out here is not just that Petraeus remains under investigation but
that he remains under investigation while being reintegrated into the foreign
policy establishment.

To wit: Petraeus is ostensibly being investigated for mishandling classified
material and yet he retains his security clearance. What's more, he has been
casually advising the White House on Iraq, where he directed the effort to end a
civil war in 2007 and 2008 and still maintains close relationships with many of
its leaders.

"All of us who know him and are close to him are mystified by the fact there is
still this investigation into him," Jack Keane, a retired four-star U.S. Army
General said in an interview.  Keane has been both an adviser to and mentor of
Petraeus since he saved Petraeus's life during a live-fire training exercise in
1991.

Keane questions whether the Petraeus FBI probe lasting this long may be driven
by something other than a desire to investigate a potential crime. "It makes you
wonder if there is another motivation to drag an investigation out this long,"
he said.

He is not alone.  "This is not a case where you are leaking classified
information to the press or providing information to America's enemies," said
Pete Hoekstra, who served as the Republican chairman of the House Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence between 2004 and 2007. "You have people in this
case who are willing participants in the investigation. Having that thing still
hanging out there two years later is rather surprising."

As reported by Fox News last summer, Representative Jason Chaffetz (now the
incoming chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform) had
previously asked the Justice Department for answers on why the Petraeus file
might still be open. "If he has done something wrong, charge him, if he has not,
let him go," Chaffetz told us last month. "At this point I don't know what their
motivation is. But I worry they will let this linger until the president leaves
office."

A Justice Department spokesman declined to comment for this article: "We refer
you to past comments on the matter and have nothing to add." The latest public
comment on the investigation was from April 8, from Attorney General Eric Holder
in response to a query from Chaffetz at a hearing of the House Judiciary
Committee. Holder said: "All I can say is that this is an ongoing investigation.
I'm really not in a position to say much more about it than that." (Lawyers for
Petraeus and Broadwell also declined to comment.)

Petraeus allies both inside and outside the U.S. intelligence community and the
military express a concern that goes beyond a criminal probe: that the
investigation has caused Petraeus to trim his sails -- that one of the most
informed and experienced voices on combating terrorism and Islamic extremism is
afraid to say what he really thinks, a sharp juxtaposition to Bob Gates and Leon
Panetta, two former defense secretaries who have not been shy about criticizing
Obama's national security team.

Between his resignation and as CIA director in November 2012 and June of this
year, Petraeus largely stayed out of the public debate over foreign policy. When
he did enter the fray, it was in careful statements to the press that have been
friendly to Obama. For example, in September 2013, he urged Congress to support
a White House resolution to strike Syria.

Petraeus has also publicly supported Obama's handling of the new crisis in Iraq
and Syria. On June 18, when pressure in Washington and the Middle East was
mounting for Obama to strike IS targets in Syria and Iraq, Petraeus hewed
closely to the White House line, warning that any support for Iraq should be
conditioned on a new, more inclusive government being formed in Baghdad.

On one level, this lack of outspokenness is not surprising. Petraeus is still
rehabilitating his public image, and he may feel he is getting his point across
in his private communications with the White House. But what does seem
surprising, to many who know and have worked with him, is that the views he has
been expressing are so at odds with what he has said and implied in the past.

For example, when Petraeus was inside Obama's administration in his first term,
he advocated for more troops inside Afghanistan and made the case for arming
Syrian moderate forces. But when asked this summer about that effort, Petraeus
demurred and focused on Obama's new $500 million initiative in 2014 to train
Syrian rebels. "I strongly support what's being done now," he said. "Half a
billion dollars is a substantial amount of resourcing to train and equip."

Petraeus's rhetoric on Iraq and Syria differs sharply not only from his past
positions, but from that of many retired generals of his generation and of his
biggest supporters.

At a Sept. 18 hearing before the House Intelligence Committee, retired General
James Mattis, who took over the U.S. Military's Central Command from Petraeus in
2010, was very critical of Obama's decision to say ahead of time that no U.S.
combat forces would be deployed to Iraq. "We have the most skillful, the
fiercest and certainly the most ethical ground forces in the world," he said.
"And I don't think we should reassure the enemy in advance that they will never
face them."

Chaffetz says that the fact that Petraeus hasn't publicly criticized the White
House on Iraq may not be an accident. "When the president has the ability to
charge him with crimes, maybe it effects your perspective," Chaffetz said. "I
don't know."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Ms. Clinton's emails and public polls

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 370 words


The July 13 news article "Attorney general refuses to elaborate on email
inquiry" reported the shocking results of a Post-ABC News poll that found that
56 percent of Americans disapproved of FBI Director James B. Comey's
recommendation not to charge former secretary of state Hillary Clinton, the
presumptive Democratic presidential nominee. The American people apparently fail
to understand the significant difference between past cases of mishandling
classified material and what Ms. Clinton did.

Individuals who were charged attached their personal electronic devices to the
classified network and vacuumed up thousands of properly marked classified
documents. In contrast, it appears that authors of the Clinton emails tried but,
as judged by today's reviewers, failed to remove all classified details from
their messages before sending them.

Ms. Clinton's personal email server was not attached to the classified network,
only the Internet. Ms. Clinton is not guilty of a crime but is certainly guilty
of poor judgment. By relying on hastily drafted unclassified synopses of
classified issues, she unwittingly placed some information in danger. She should
have used a classified email account to handle all sensitive government
material.

Denis Michael Katchmeric , Fairfax

The Post-ABC News poll that asked people whether they agreed or disagreed with
the FBI's decision not to recommend charges against the former secretary of
state for mishandling government secrets was wrong. Legal issues such as results
of trials and formal investigations should not be the subject of opinion polls.
The public is not privy to all the information that the jury or investigative
body is.

Asking the masses what they think validates their tendency to weigh in on
subjects they have no business weighing in on. It is dangerous and should stop.
We live by the rule of law for a reason: so mobs with pitchforks don't take
over. Asking people for their opinions when they lack all the necessary
information encourages them to feel entitled to weigh in on issues about which
they are ignorant and to feel aggrieved when those who do have all the
information decide something they don't like.

T.R. Rubino-Schaefer , Long Beach, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday

Senator accused of mishandling campaign funds

BYLINE: By Steven Harmon MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Crime; Politics

LENGTH: 975 words


SACRAMENTO -- State Sen. Carol Migden's political rival is accusing her of the
same kind of recklessness with her campaign cash as witnesses said she exhibited
on the roads earlier this year.

Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, has filed a formal complaint with the
Fair Political Practices Commission that accuses Migden of mishandling nearly $2
million in campaign funds in the past six years.

The latest complaint comes after Migden, also a San Francisco Democrat, was
fined $94,600 last December by the FPPC for previous campaign finance
violations.

In May, Migden made headlines when, according to the CHP, she caused an auto
accident that injured a woman and her daughter after she was seen driving
erratically on Interstate 80 while talking on her cell phone.

Migden's attorney is meeting with the Solano County District Attorney next week,
a person in the District Attorney's office said, when a decision will be made as
to whether she'll be charged with reckless driving.

Migden also caused a stir two years ago when she voted for her own Senate bill
-- by pushing the "yes" button of a Republican lawmaker during a vote in the
Assembly.

"There is a pattern of behavior which represents a disregard for the rules,"
said Leno, who is challenging Migden for her Senate seat that encompasses parts
of San Francisco, Marin and Sonoma counties. "Whether you're talking about the
rules of the road, the rules of the Legislature where she votes as a senator on
the floor of the Assembly or the rules of the FPPC."

Migden has hired a San Leandro law firm, Remcho, Johansen & Purcell, to "do a
thorough review" of her campaign accounts, which admittedly were shoddy and kept
by volunteers, said political consultant Richie Ross, Migden's longtime
political adviser.

"They told her that there are mistakes that have been in these reports for
years. This is a mess," Ross said. "I told the FPPC that anyone can look at
(Leno's) complaint and evaluate it against the amendments we're going to file.
They've known the amendments were coming. We've been transparent with them."

In the complaint, Migden is accused of:


Failing to itemize $381,404 in credit card payments in campaign expenses from
2000 to 2006 in four separate campaign committees. State law requires that all
campaign payments of more than $100 be itemized with the name, address and
purpose of the payment.


Illegally transferring $977,340 from her Assembly campaign committee into her
2004 Senate campaign coffers. She'd left the Assembly in December 2002 to take a
seat on the Board of Equalization. At that point, Leno contends, she was
forbidden to transfer her Assembly campaign cash to another campaign committee.


The money, considered surplus by state law, should have been distributed to
other candidates of her choice, her political party, nonprofit organizations or
charities.


Spending $250,000 of the transferred funds.


Maintaining a political committee -- with $502,318 in it as of Dec. 31 -- that
should have been closed 24 months after leaving her seat on the Board of
Equalization in December 2004.


Migden was fined $110,000 by the FPPC for previous infractions, including
$94,600 for two in 2006 for failing to file timely contribution reports that
disclose contributions of $1,000 or more during a period in which she was
supposed to report in 24 hours from receiving the money; and contributions of
$5,000 or more, when she was supposed to report the money within 10 business
days.

Ross said Leno was just trying to cut into Migden's fundraising advantage.

"What Mark's trying to do from a campaign point of view is prohibit the
expenditure of money she has to compensate for the fact she has more money,"
Richie said. "He's trying to limit her access to money."

Leno didn't dispute that.

"There are a number of candidates -- not just me -- challenging her," Leno said,
"and how can any of us expect to have a fair chance if she doesn't have to play
by the same rules?"

Leno was criticized earlier this year for holding a fundraiser the night before
he led an Appropriations hearing with major items in front of him.

But Migden did the same when she was Appropriations chairwoman: She broke for
lunch in the middle of a hearing to attend a fundraiser she was hosting,
announcing she would like to see those attending the hearing at the fundraiser.

Migden's attorney is expected to meet next week with Solano County District
Attorney David Paulson to find out whether charges will be filed in her May 18
accident at the intersection of Beck Avenue and Highway 12, where she rear-ended
a car. Before the accident, witnesses observed her driving erratically on I-80
and brushing up against a guardrail before she exited the freeway.

Seven drivers made nine 911 calls reporting that she was swerving from lane to
lane, traveling at high speeds and talking on a cell phone, according to the
CHP, which recommends that charges be filed.

One witness said she told him "you can't talk to me like that. I'm a senator."

A contributing factor in both accidents was Migden's cell phone use, the CHP
said.

If convicted for reckless driving resulting in bodily injury to another driver,
Migden could face six months in county jail, a fine of as much as $1,000 or
both.

The Department of Motor Vehicles will also determine whether Migden should
continue driving or have her license suspended.

After the accident, Migden revealed for the first time that she has been
battling leukemia for the past decade and suggested that the chemotherapy
medicine she takes could have been part of the reason for her behavior. She said
she had no recollection of the incident.

Migden has quit driving and now relies on a paid driver. She said she wanted to
see if her doctors, whom she is still seeing, could determine whether her drugs
were a factor in her behavior.

Reach Steven Harmon at sharmon@cctimes.com or 916-441-2101.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Taking collective credit also means taking collective blame

SECTION: CANVAS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 647 words


The study by researchers at the Harvard School of Public Health on the
mishandling by the Thabo Mbeki administration of the HIV/Aids treatment
programme at the beginning of this decade could present the biggest challenge
yet to the ANC's doctrine of collective leadership.

The Harvard team estimated that more than 330 000 people died in South Africa
between 2000 and 2005 because of the government's failure to implement "a
feasible and timely" antiretroviral treatment programme. In addition, 35 000
babies were born with HIV as a result of the delay in the implementation of a
mother-to-child transmission prophylaxis programme using nevirapine.

The Harvard researchers estimated the number of people who were eligible to
receive ARV treatment by obtaining the number of deaths from Aids in South
Africa for the period 2000-2005 from UNAids. They argue that South Africa could
have started with an ARV programme in 2000, covering not more than 5% of people
who needed therapy but ramping up the coverage as drugs became less expensive
and more international resources became available to 50% of coverage by 2005. By
2005, South Africa had 23% coverage. In contrast, the researchers estimate that
Botswana had 85% and Namibia had 71% ARV treatment coverage by 2005.

The tendency has been to blame Thabo Mbeki and Manto Tshabalala-Msimang, the
former minister of health, for this debacle. And quite rightly so. But given the
ANC's doctrine of collective leadership and responsibility, the ruling party and
all the members of its leadership collective at the time should accept blame for
these deaths.

In response to the Harvard study, Zackie Achmat, one of the founders of the
Treatment Action Campaign (TAC), this week called for a public inquiry, along
the lines of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, into the government's
mishandling of the HIV/Aids treatment programme. Achmat was speaking in his
personal capacity, as the Aids activist group is meeting only this weekend to
discuss, among others, its response to the study.

Should the TAC adopt Achmat's view and call for an inquiry, it could place the
ANC in an uncomfortable position, as it has made much use of the collective
leadership doctrine lately to deflect concerns about a possible change in
economic policy.

"I must emphasise that the policy of the ANC is decided by the organisation as a
collective and not by individuals," Jacob Zuma told investors in New York last
month.

Based on this doctrine, all the members of the ruling party's national executive
committee, past and present (including Mbeki), as well as all cabinet ministers
who were serving at the time, should accept their individual and collective
share of the blame for the HIV/Aids debacle. And that includes Zuma and many of
the current members of the NEC who have become masters at throwing stones at
Mbeki's proverbial glass house.

The ANC is not unique in its belief in collective leadership and responsibility.
Nor is the doctrine new. It has exercised some of the best philosophical minds
over generations. Among those have been Max Weber and philosopher HD Lewis, two
of its most prominent critics.

"Value belongs to the individual and it is the individual who is the sole bearer
of moral responsibility," Lewis wrote in 1948. "Collective responsibility is ...
barbarous."

The doctrine sits uncomfortably in a constitutional democracy which bestows
rights and responsibilities on citizens, as individuals and not as members of
groups.

As for the ANC, the ruling party cannot claim collective credit for the
successes achieved under Mbeki's leadership, as Zuma and company have been
doing, and yet plead innocence when it comes to the HIV/Aids debacle and other
policy implementation failures. If Mbeki is to be hanged in the public square
for the HIV/Aids debacle, all the members of the ANC leadership collective
should join him on the scaffold.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                FEBRUARY 11, 1998 Wednesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

AGENCY ORDERS REINSTATEMENT OF WHISTLEBLOWER / THE MEDICAL RESEARCH LAB
TECHNICIAN WAS FIRED AFTER HE ALLEGED THE MISHANDLING OF RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL.

BYLINE: Edward Colimore, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: CAMDEN


A laboratory technician who said he was illegally fired by the Coriell Institute
for Medical Research for reporting a nuclear hazard will be re-hired and receive
unpaid back wages and damages following federal action, the U.S. Labor
Department said.

Gregory LaTorre, an Aston resident, filed a complaint with the Nuclear
Regulatory Commmission (NRC) claiming that he and other researchers had been
exposed to radiation on Sept. 16, 1996, through incorrect handling of
phosphorus-32, a radioactive tracer element.

The material was being moved in containers but was not properly shielded from
employees at the time, a Labor Department spokesman. No health problems have
been reported since the incident, the spokesman said.

The Coriell Institute at 401 Haddon Ave. conducts scientific research in DNA and
cellular biology and maintains the world's largest repository of human cells.
Its work involves the use of radioactive isotopes and is licensed by the NRC.

LaTorre reported the alleged mishandling incident to the NRC on Sept. 18, 1996,
and NRC inspectors Pamela Henderson and Sattar Lodhi conducted a safety
inspection the same day.

John D. Kinneman, the NRC's chief of the Nuclear Materials Safety Branch 2, sent
a letter to Coriell the following month, saying that "no violations were
identified" during the inspection.

LaTorre was discharged on Nov. 21 and filed a formal complaint with the NRC in
April, alleging that his firing came in retaliation for contacting the
regulatory commission, Labor officials said.

Amy Leach, a Coriell spokeswoman, declined to comment about the case. LaTorre
could not be reached for comment.

The Labor Department's Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)
investigated the firing and determined that discrimination "was a factor in his
dismissal," Labor officials said.

OSHA enforces so-called whistleblower protections that outlaw firings or
discrimination against any employee who files a complaint or reports unsafe
working conditions under federal laws.

The agency ordered Coriell to reinstate LaTorre and pay him back wages plus
compensatory damages of one year's pay for "mental anguish and injury to his
reputation." It also ordered expungement from LaTorre's personnel record of any
reference to the case or his firing.

The OSHA action was upheld by a Labor Department Administrative law judge last
year. Coriell has filed a brief with the Labor Department's Administrative
Review Board. LaTorre has responded and Coriell must file a rebuttal by March 4.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                             June 20, 2006, Tuesday

Court of Appeal Upholds Nearly $2 Million Award Against Attorney for Mishandling
Escrow

BYLINE:  By TINA BAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 963 words


The Fourth District Court of Appeal yesterday affirmed a $ 1.985 million damages
award in a conversion and breach of fiduciary duty action against Los Angeles
attorney Christopher O'Connell and the firm of Parker Milliken, Clark, O'Hara &
Samuelian over the mishandling of an escrow.

Div. Three also reversed Orange Superior Court Judge Gregory H. Lewis' order
denying a retrial on the issue of punitive damages as to O'Connell. but agreed
with Lewis that no grounds existed for a punitive damages award against Parker
Milliken. The jury had deadlocked as to punitive damages.

The case stems from negotiations between Jorma Virtanen and Richard Burstein for
the sale of Virtanen's Burstein Technologies, Inc. stock to a holding company
Burstein co-owned with Gerald Goldstein, Burstein-Goldstein Investors LLC.
O'Connell, Burstein's then-attorney, agreed to act as escrow holder for the
transaction.

On April 24, 2001, Virtanen's then-attorney delivered to O'Connell an executed
stock purchase agreement for the sale of 1.4 million shares of his stock to
Burstein-Goldstein for $ 1.75 million, along with stock certificates, stock
assignments executed in blank and other closing documents. Goldstein received a
copy of the documents and told O'Connell he wanted until May 1 to review them,
according to testimony.

The cover letter accompanying the purchase agreement stated that O'Connell was
to hold each of the items until (1) he was in possession of fully executed
closing documents and was authorized to deliver originals to Virtanen's
attorney; (2) Virtanen had confirmed to O'Connell that he had received the
initial payment of $ 70,000; and (3) the stock certificates and stock
assignments had been delivered to an escrow company that would hold them pur
nosuant to a secured promissory note until Burstein-Goldstein paid the balance
of the purchase price.

When Virtanen on April 30 sent a letter to O' Connell stating that he had sent
Burstein a notice of rescission and requesting the return of all pertinent
documents, O'Connell responded by simultaneously requesting an extension and
then telling Virtanen that the transaction was closed and he was forwarding the
stock certificates for transfer.

The plaintiff presented evidence that Virtanen's then-attorney demanded that
O'Connell refrain from forwarding the stock certificates, but that O'Connell did
so anyway and instructed Burstein Technologies, Inc.'s transfer agent to close
the transaction.

Justice Eileen C. Moore, writing for the appellate panel, called O'Connell's
course of action a "remarkable choice," saying, "It could not be more clear that
in taking this action, rather than continuing to hold the shares or
interpleading them, he breached his duties as an escrow holder."

O'Connell, on whose behalf the Los Angeles County Bar Association filed an
amicus brief, failed to convince the panel that his act of forwarding the stock
certificates with the expectation that Virtanen would sue was the "functional
equivalent" of filing an interpleader actionwhich is the proper procedure for
adjudicating the rights of stakeholders to disputed funds.

"O'Connell cites no authority to the effect that closing an escrow is the
'functional equivalent' of filing an interpleader action just because the
closing results in a lawsuit," Moore wrote. "By definition, closing escrow,
i.e., delivering property to parties on the completion of a transaction or the
satisfaction of identified conditions, is not the same thing as filing an
interpleader action, i.e., depositing property into the court until the rights
thereto are resolved by judicial intervention."

The panel also rejected as "strained," "fantastical" and "off base" O'Connell's
arguments that holding him liable undermined his duty to provide his clients
with legal advice pertaining to the transaction and his duty to protect
privileged attorney-client communications.

"O'Connell's action gave rise to liability irrespective of what advice he
provided to his clients," the justice said, adding that any communications
O'Connell had with his clients was "irrelevant."

With regard to the issue of punitive damages, the panel ruled that Lewis abused
his discretion in denying a retrial as to O'Connell.

"While it is true that Virtanen did not get nine votes on the first attempt, it
is also true that he is entitled to a resolution of the matter if one can be
had," Moore said.

Virtanen could not pursue punitive damages as to Parker Milliken, however, since
there was no evidence that the firm had advance knowledge of O'Connell's
unfitness, authorized or ratified his wrongful conduct, or committed fraud or
acted with oppression or malice, the justice explained.

"[W]e do not intend to discourage attorneys from acting as escrow holders.
Indeed, it is both useful and commonplace for attorneys to act as escrow holders
with respect to closing documents, settlement agreements, releases, funds and
other items. However, we caution that an attorney should be aware of the duties
of an escrow holder before agreeing to act as one," Moore said.

Michael R. O'Neill, Virtanen's attorney on appeal, told the METNEWS:

"We're obviously very pleased that the Court of Appeal came down on the
liability issue the way that it did. We are somewhat disappointed that the court
ruled that we could not pursue Parker Milliken on the punitive damages claim,
but we're very pleased that the court is going to allow us to retry our punitive
damages claim against Mr. O'Connell. I'm glad that the Court of Appeal published
this decision. This is very important guidance for attorneys practicing in
transactional areas to be aware of."

O'Connell declined to comment. The case is Virtanen v. O'Connell, G034184.


LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2006 Metropolitan News Company


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 13, 1999, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Crime Lab trio out after problems;
Routine 'peer review' finds some scientists 'may have cut corners.'

BYLINE: Rhonda Cook

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 377 words


Two scientists with the State Crime Lab have been fired and a third resigned for
mishandling evidence or producing false reports in more than a dozen drug cases.

According to Georgia Bureau of Investigation records, problems with the work of
the scientists, including one who had worked at the lab 25 years, were
discovered during routine "peer review." The problems ranged from mishandling or
losing evidence to filing false reports suggesting that tests were conducted
when they were not. According to records The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
received Friday, evidence was retested and prosecutors were told of the
questionable work.

"We've rehashed this problem . . . of what happens when the lab is overworked,
underfunded and undermanned," said Coweta Judicial Circuit prosecutor Pete
Skandalakis, president of the District Attorneys Association. "It's not
surprising that some of the scientists may have cut corners."

Gov. Roy Barnes has proposed an extra $ 28 million for laboratories and staff in
hopes of cutting the backlog of cases at the lab that has delayed indictments or
caused cases to be dropped.

"We cannot do our jobs representing the people of Georgia without a Crime Lab
that is responsible and can get us back the information in a timely basis,"
Skandalakis said.

GBI Director Milton Nix said evidence in those questionable cases was retested.

"There have been several cases . . . where evidence reported by the scientists
could not be verified," Nix said. "It was more than a mistake. It was an
integrity issue."

Nix said lab officials also have retested a sampling of cases the three
scientists handled and no problems were found except in those 14 cases that
resulted in the scientists' departures from the lab.

"I would like to think we have an agency full of perfect people, and there would
never be any problems," Nix said. "But when problems do become apparent, we
aren't afraid to address those problems and address them."

Nicholas Lotito, immediate past president of the Georgia Association of Criminal
Defense Attorneys, was concerned.

"Having placed that much faith on the accuracy of these things, it's a serious
problem when you have inaccuracies and when you have false reports," Lotito
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sacramento Bee

                           August 19, 2004, Thursday

State suspects mishandling of hazardous waste at Sacramento, Calif., landfill

BYLINE: By Melanie Payne

LENGTH: 734 words



State officials who raided a Sacramento couple's home and landfill business
earlier this month seized computer and bank records, soil samples and more than
a quarter of a million dollars in cash.

On the request for a search warrant, which The Bee obtained, investigators said
they suspected that Ken and Iva Whitmire were dumping and mishandling hazardous
waste and skimming cash from the operations at the Florin Perkins Landfill in
Sacramento.

When the raid occurred Aug. 5, the couple's attorney denied any wrongdoing on
their part.

Agents collected samples from the landfill, a 100-plus-acre site south of
Jackson Road, and seized computer, personal and financial records from the
company's offices and banking institutions, according to records in Sacramento
Superior Court.

They also raided the Whitmires' home, confiscating computers, business cards,
legal documents and more than $ 263,000 in cash that was wrapped in garbage bags
inside a safe.

The Whitmires could not be reached for comment Wednesday.

The search warrant was issued by Superior Court Judge Gary Ransom on July 30.
The return, which listed the seized items, was filed Aug. 6 and made public this
week.

Louis Gonzalez, an attorney with the firm representing the Whitmires, said
Wednesday that he had not seen the search warrant and therefore could not
comment on it.

Neither Ken nor Iva Whitmire has been charged with a crime.

The investigation of the Whitmires is continuing, said Tom Dresslar, spokesman
for the state attorney general's office, speaking on behalf of the three state
agencies involved in the investigation. He could not say when the inquiry would
be completed.

"It's really hazardous and unproductive to predict how long an investigation
will take," Dresslar said. "We will continue to investigate until we gather
enough information to make a decision on how to proceed."

The Department of Toxic Substances Control and the Franchise Tax Board are
investigating Florin Perkins, which also does business as Capitol Waste Inc.

According to the search warrant records, the Department of Toxic Substances
Control received an anonymous tip about illegal disposal of asbestos at the
landfill in October 2003.

The investigator interviewed a number of former Florin Perkins' employees,
including one who said that he had buried "construction debris, trash, trees,
wood, plastic, tires and batteries at the site" and "20 white bags" labeled
"Danger: Asbestos."

Another employee, who had been fired for allegedly stealing aluminum, told
investigators that asbestos would come into the facility three or four times a
week. "It was his job to immediately bury the material so that it could not be
seen," the agent wrote in his affidavit.

According to the investigator's affidavit, informants said the landfill
operators also had violated hazardous-waste disposal regulations by:

--Hosing acid down drains.

--Pumping out sewer sludge at the landfill and covering it with gravel.

--Dismantling refrigerators with a hammer and ax, allowing Freon to escape.

--Mixing paint, tar, oil, car batteries, gasoline tanks and acid with other
garbage and transferring it to the county landfill or burying it on the site.

Ron Baker, spokesman for the Department of Toxic Substances Control, would not
comment on the Whitmires' case. He said that, in general, the department takes
hazardous-materials law violations seriously and imposes steep fines and
penalties if they are found.

The Franchise Tax Board became involved after informants accused the Whitmires
of keeping "two sets of books" for the company, according to search warrant
records.

The records detail allegations of a number of fiscal irregularities. The
Whitmires, whose personal wages -- according to investigators -- totaled $
45,000 in 2001 and $ 60,000 in 2002, live in a $ 966,000 house and drive a 2001
Jeep and 2004 Jaguar.

The vehicles are leased by the corporation, and the house was purchased by
Capitol Waste in March 2000. The couple did not declare these fringe benefits as
income, the investigator wrote.

Investigators allege that the Whitmires had not filed personal tax returns,
corporate tax returns for Capitol Waste or made tax payments since the tax year
2000.



-----

To see more of The Sacramento Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sacbee.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SA-LANDFILL-20040819

JOURNAL-CODE: SA

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2004 Sacramento Bee


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Exeter Township supervisor facing criminal charges loses in Republican primary

BYLINE: Jennifer Learn-Andes, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 441 words


May 20--Exeter Township Republicans tossed incumbent supervisor candidate
Richard E. Overman from the ballot Tuesday, days after he was criminally charged
with others for allegedly mishandling grant funds.

Overman was among three candidates seeking two Republican nominations for a
six-year supervisor seat.

The party's nominations went to Robert F. Kile Sr. and Donald B. Kreseski. The
unofficial vote tally: Kile, 118, Kreseski, 85, and Overman, 27.

Kreseski and Kile could not be reached for comment. Kreseski is a county sheriff
deputy.

Incumbent Ben Gadomski received a nomination with 116 votes and was the only
Democratic contender. It's unclear if anyone received enough party write-in
votes to appear on the ballot in the second nomination slot.

All voters are free to pick any two candidates, regardless of their political
party, in the November general.

Overman, who could not be reached for comment on several attempts, was first
elected in 2003, when he was a 19-year-old King's College student who became
interested in the office during a summer job with the township road department.

He won a second term in 2009.

Overman and three other township officials were charged last week with public
record tampering and unsworn falsification to authorities over their alleged
mishandling of grant funds for an emergency services structure that was never
built.

An additional theft by deception charge was filed against Overman for allegedly
billing the township for labor he did not perform.

Township Supervisors John E. Coolbaugh and James W. Dowse and former supervisor
and current township secretary Mary F. Martin also were charged.

According to the state Attorney General's Office, the $16,853 in grant spending
resulted in a stone pad for unneeded parking.

The grant fund payments included $1,200 to John Filip for work that was
"worthless" because he is not a registered architect and $4,370 for
"significantly and fraudulently inflated" engineering services obtained from G &
Albert Consultants, P.C., investigators said.

Although Overman won't serve another term starting in 2016, he can't be forced
to relinquish his current seat unless he is convicted, officials say.

The two remaining supervisors, Gadomski and John Ruane, can't vote or make other
official decisions without a quorum of three, which means at least one of the
three supervisors charged must attend meetings. The next supervisor meeting is
June 3.

Reach Jennifer Learn-Andes at 570-991-6388 or on Twitter@TLJenLearnAndes.

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150520-WB-Exeter-Township-supervisor-facing-criminal-charges-loses-in-Republic
an-primary-0520-20150520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  August 18, 2000 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FBI AGENT ADMITS 'MISTAKE' IN LEE CASE BAIL HEARING: LEAD OFFICIAL IN PROBE SAYS
HE GAVE 'INCORRECT' TESTIMONY IN DECEMBER.

BYLINE: DAN STOBER, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1048 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE


As Wen Ho Lee continued to fight for bail Thursday, the lead FBI agent in the
case retracted earlier testimony that portrayed Lee as deceptive and that has
helped keep him behind bars while awaiting trial for mishandling nuclear weapons
data.

The agent, Robert Messemer, admitted in open court that he had provided
"incorrect" testimony in December, when he was a key witness in two bail
hearings after Lee's arrest. Messemer said he had made an "honest mistake" in
characterizing some of Lee's actions as deceptive, and he apologized to U.S.
District Court Judge James Parker.

"Your honor, I regret that error. My credibility in your court is important to
me. But I will tell you that at no time did I intend to mislead you or anyone
else in this court," Messemer said during the third day of Lee's latest effort
to be freed on bail.

Lee's defense attorney, Mark Holscher, described the agent's inaccuracies as
"false testimony."

Parker listened to the exchange between Holscher and Messemer but did not
respond directly to Messemer's retraction or apology.

The bail hearing is scheduled to continue today. Parker may announce a decision
immediately afterward.

Lee, 60, is on trial for downloading sensitive computer codes from a classified
computer network at Los Alamos National Laboratory. He put the data -- 800
megabytes worth -- on portable tapes, seven of which are missing. He faces a
maximum penalty of life in prison if convicted of violating sections of the
Atomic Energy Act and the Espionage Act.

Lee has been held in virtual solitary confinement in Santa Fe. Thursday he sat
at the defense table, listening intently as Messemer described his mistakes nine
months ago. The first explanation revolved around the word "resume."

Used another computer

Messemer testified at Lee's first bail hearing, Dec. 13, that Lee had invented a
ruse to trick another scientist into allowing him to use his computer. The
computer, unlike's Lee's work station, was equipped with a tape drive that made
it possible to download files from the lab's network onto portable tapes known
as 5160s.

The other employee, Kuok-Mee Ling, worked in an area of the lab known as T-15.
Messemer told the magistrate presiding at the hearing that "Dr. Lee represented
to the T-15 employee that he wished to download a resume."

The inference was that Lee was being deceptive and was lying to cover his
tracks. The testimony was meant to shore up the prosecution case where it is
most weak: demonstrating that Lee acted with the intent to harm the United
States or aid a foreign country by copying the nuclear weapon design codes to
the tapes. The government must demonstrate that intent to win a conviction.

Lee lost his first bail hearing. During his second bail hearing, Dec. 28,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Gorence referred to the downloading as
"surreptitious and nefarious conduct," and Messemer repeated his earlier
testimony that Lee had lied about the resume.

Parker, who presided over the second bail hearing, specifically cited the resume
story in his order denying bail to Lee. "According to Government witnesses, Dr.
Lee told the T Division employee he wanted to download his resume onto a tape,"
the judge wrote.

But Thursday, agent Messemer admitted that Lee had never said anything about a
resume. Instead, Messemer acknowledged, Lee had told Ling he wanted to use his
computer to download "some files."

In several interviews with Messemer and other FBI agents, and in testimony
before a federal grand jury, Ling never said that Lee used a resume as a ruse,
Messemer admitted.

Messemer, a veteran counter-intelligence agent, offered no explanation for the
mistake. Holscher, Lee's lawyer, hammered away at Messemer's intimate
familiarity with Ling's account of his encounter with Lee.

Messemer first interviewed Ling in May 1999 and helped write a report of the
interview, known in FBI jargon as a "302." He acknowledged that he spoke with
Ling again three or four times in person and two or three times on the phone
before the December bail hearings. He also helped Ling prepare for his grand
jury testimony.

Under questioning, Messemer admitted other discrepancies:

* He earlier testified that Lee had sent letters overseas, seeking employment.
The assumption was that Lee might steal the Los Alamos codes to take with him to
a new job. But Messemer admitted that while agents found the letters in Lee's
house, there was no evidence that he actually mailed them, despite an
international investigation.

* Messemer had testified that Lee had failed to disclose meetings with several
Chinese weapons scientists when he traveled, with laboratory approval, to a
conference in China in 1986. But Holscher produced a copy ofthe "trip report"
that Lee filed upon his return, which listed the contacts with the scientists.

* Messemer had testified that Lee had failed to disclose correspondence with
Chinese scientists, beyond receiving a Christmas card. The implication was that
Lee had lied to cover up his correspondence.

But Messemer on Thursday agreed with Holscher that Lee had indeed disclosed his
correspondence. Specifically, Lee had told FBI agents during an interview on
March 5, 1999, that he had exchanged letters with Chinese scientists in which
they discussed mathematical problems.

Lee's defenders

On several occasions Thursday, Holscher made the point that during the December
bail hearings Messemer had already seen the government documents on Lee that
demonstrated his testimony was inaccurate. But the defense, Holscher said, had
not yet been given copies of those documents.

Lee's case -- and especially his imprisonment without bail -- has drawn protests
from scientific groups, Asian-American organizations and church associations.
His defense fund has raised $400,000.

The ACLU and the Asian Law Caucus have offered friend-of-the court briefs on the
issue of "selective prosecution."

Lee's lawyers contend he is the victim of racial discrimination. He was made a
target of investigation in part, they say, because he is Chinese-American. They
have asked Parker to order prosecutors to turn over a variety of documents and
memos they believe will bolster their argument.

Parker has not yet ruled on their request.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS ARCHIVES
Wen Ho Lee, who was interviewed last year by Mike Wallace, is accused of
mishandling nuclear weapons data from the Los Alamos lab. He is seeking bail.
[000818 FR 4A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 26, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ACCIDENT AT REACTOR DRAWS FIRE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 920 words


WASHINGTON - Operators at the Savannah River nuclear plant who mishandled a
routine pressure test last weekend on a nuclear-weapons reactor have been
scolded by Department of Energy officials.  The officials cited ''clear
violations'' of safety procedures.  ''We're not at all happy with what happened.
. . . It's a very serious s ituation,'' said Troy Wade, acting assistant
secretary for defense programs.  He made his comments Wednesday at a Senate
hearing.  Wade said the department was dispatching two senior safety officials
to Savannah River to investigate the incident.  Citing a similar accident last
August, Sen. John Glenn, D-Ohio, chairman of the Senate Governmental Affairs
Committee, said, ''We find the same appalling, cavalier attitudes again.''
Officials said the mishap, which occurred Sunday night, had damaged pipes and
valves on a backup cooling system for the K-Reactor. The reactor is one of three
Savannah River reactors that have been shut down for safety reasons since April.
The reactors are the nation's only source of tritium, a perishable component of
nuclear weapons.  Wade acknowledged that plant operators had failed to follow
proper procedures and mishandled the pressure test. Although the extent of the
damage was continuing to be assessed, he confirmed that valves and pipes had
been damaged and that repair work might push back the schedule for restarting
the facility later this year.  ''Certainly, the events of Sunday night, if they
are the worst case, will have an impact,'' Wade said.  The accident is similar
to an incident last August, when operators bypassed standard procedures while
attempting to restart another Savannah River reactor. Although the reactor
showed difficulty in sustaining a reaction, operators persisted in adding power
to the core by pulling control rods.  As a result, the reactor had a ''power
surge'' - an unexpected temperature and pressure spike that is generally
regarded as a sign of serious trouble.  This time, when pressure failed to rise
as expected in the K-Reactor cooling system, operators introduced more water in
the system, causing an improperly set valve to close abruptly. The result was an
''extreme pressure surge'' that cracked valves and damaged piping, federal
officials said.  Wade said the operators were clearly at fault. ''There's an
attitudinal problem there,'' he said.  ''What are you going to do about it?''
Glenn asked.  Wade shrugged his shoulders. ''I wish I had an answer,'' he said.
The department had hoped it had taken adequate steps to improve safety attitudes
among Savannah River personnel following the botched restart last summer.  But
in light of the incident Sunday, he said, ''There's no question the things we
tried to put in place last summer aren't working out as well as they should.''
Training Faulted At Plant Meanwhile, a federal inspection of safety at a nuclear
weapons plant near Denver found serious lapses caused in part by inadequate
worker training, energy department officials said.  But, they added, major
improvement is under way.  The outline of a report on the inspection, conducted
by 20 safety experts in November and last month, was presented Tuesday to
members of a committee advising the government on how to correct technical and
managerial problems at its nuclear weapons complex.  A key finding by the
inspectors was that training of workers at the Rocky Flats plutonium processing
facility was insufficient. The problem developed in part because the plant
operator, Rockwell International Corp., let workers switch to job assignments
outside their area of expertise, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   September 11, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

Plea Deal Could Free Los Alamos Physicist; Lee Agrees to Single Count of
Mishandling Data

Vernon Loeb; David A. Vise , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1134 words


Los Alamos physicist Wen Ho Lee has agreed to plead guilty to a single felony
count of improperly retaining classified nuclear weapons data and could be
released from jail today if a federal judge in Albuquerque accepts a plea
agreement negotiated by Lee's attorneys and a team of prosecutors.

The deal, approved by Attorney General Janet Reno and FBI Director Louis J.
Freeh, represents a stunning turnaround by the government, which identified Lee
as an espionage suspect in March 1999 and indicted him last December on 59
felony counts that left him facing life imprisonment for violating the Atomic
Energy Act and sections of the Espionage Act for mishandling classified
information.

"Considering the manner in which the case was originally characterized by the
government--a massive loss of information and allegations not in the indictment
that he was dealing with the People's Republic of China--it certainly is a
victory for the defendant," said John L. Martin, who retired in 1997 as head of
the Justice Department's Internal Security Section after a 26-year career in
which he supervised the prosecution of 76 espionage cases.

The plea agreement calls for Lee to plead guilty to the single felony count and
accept a sentence of 275 days, which he has already served while awaiting trial.
But he will not be fined or suffer any other penalty, and the government will
drop 58 of the original 59 felony counts.

In return, Lee has agreed to fully cooperate with government prosecutors for six
months and make a "full and sworn" description of what he did with seven missing
computer tapes containing a trove of nuclear weapons secrets. Based on
information provided by Lee, senior law enforcement officials say they have a
high level of confidence that the tapes were destroyed, as Lee has said all
along, and that none of the sensitive information was compromised.

"The preliminary assessment is there was no breach of national security," one
senior law enforcement official said. "Now we have a process to verify that. We
view this as a complete victory from the national security and investigative
standpoint. The government's objective was to locate the missing tapes."

The agreement was reached in secret negotiations mediated throughout the summer
by Judge Edward Leavy of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, whose services had
been recommended by U.S. District Judge James A. Parker.

Parker, who would have presided over a trial scheduled to begin in November,
originally denied Lee's bail request in December but reversed himself last month
after a nuclear weapons expert from Los Alamos testified that the data
downloaded by Lee were not nearly as sensitive as prosecutors claimed and an FBI
agent admitted to giving previous inaccurate testimony against Lee.

If Parker accepts the plea agreement at a 2 p.m. hearing in Albuquerque, as
expected, Lee would be immediately released from jail and allowed to go to his
home in White Rock, N.M., a suburb of Los Alamos. As recently as last week, the
government had been demanding highly restrictive release conditions if Lee were
freed on $ 1 million bail, which prosecutors strongly opposed.

Mark Holscher, a partner at O'Melveny & Meyers in Los Angeles and Lee's lead
attorney, declined to comment on the specifics of the agreement but said last
night, "We are thrilled at the prospect that Dr. Lee may be regaining his
freedom, a free man, as early as tomorrow."

Lee is expected to admit today in open court only that he downloaded information
onto tapes using a machine in the unclassified C Division at Los Alamos National
Laboratory, knowing that security regulations prohibited such downloads anywhere
but in the classified confines of X Division, where Lee worked.

Senior law enforcement officials said the plea agreement requires Lee to be
truthful to prosecutors and government counterintelligence officials about the
fate of the tapes, his motivation for creating them and all contacts he had with
Chinese weapons officials during authorized trips he made to Beijing in the
1980s as a Los Alamos representative. The government also has the right to
polygraph Lee to make sure he is cooperating fully and honestly.

"If he's not truthful, he loses the benefit of the bargain and he can be
prosecuted for perjury, obstruction of justice and making false statements, as
well as for the underlying offenses," one official said.

A chief concern about proceeding to trial against Lee, the official said,
concerns the inevitable disclosure of classified nuclear weapons data in open
court, which Lee's lawyers would have had the right to examine. "There was that
dynamic here," the official said. "There would have been declassification of
information necessary to try this in court."

Another senior official in Washington acknowledged that the government could be
criticized for accepting too lenient a sentence, given the seriousness of the
original charges. "The answer to that issue is the need to determine with
certainty what happened to the tapes and what they contained," the official
said. "That far outweighs further prosecution of Wen Ho Lee."

The official also recognized that some legal observers will conclude that the
government entered into the plea agreement because its case against Lee was
crumbling.

"The negotiations began before any of this controversy was out there," the
official said. "It is certainly not rare or even uncommon for the government to
forgo prosecution altogether in favor of national security. To suggest he's
getting off with a light sentence, given the gravity of the crime, fails to
recognize the long-standing practice where the balance of national security
outweighs the balance of prosecuting."

Martin, the retired Justice Department official who supervised the prosecution
of CIA spy Aldrich H. Ames and dozens of others spies since the 1970s, said he
is surprised the government accepted the plea agreement. "I never expected the
government to walk away from this case without substantial jail time based on
what they had said throughout the investigation of the case," Martin said. "I
never expected them to take this kind of deal."

Martin said he considered last month's bail hearing the turning point, given
testimony from weapons scientists casting doubt about the seriousness of Lee's
downloads and the admission of Robert Messemer, the FBI's lead agent on the
case, that he had given inaccurate testimony when he said in December that Lee
lied to a colleague about the purpose of the downloads.

"The bail hearing, in my view, had a more devastating effect on the government
than was known," Martin said, adding that the plea agreement "certainly is a
major retreat for the government, given the original publicity surrounding this
case."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 30, 1999, Friday, Home Edition

Bond firm accused of fraud;
 Former city employee also faces civil charges alleging the mishandling of $ 9.
8 million in bonds.

BYLINE: David Pendered, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 465 words

Federal civil fraud charges were filed Thursday against an Atlanta bond firm
that once had political ties to City Hall and the city's former investment
officer.

The Securities and Exchange Commission charged former city investment officer
Theresa Stanford and the brokerage Pryor, McClendon, Counts & Co. with
mishandling $ 9.8 million in bonds sold from 1992 to 1994. The SEC alleges
Stanford used her position to steer 92 percent of the city's bond sales to PMC
during those years.

An SEC administrative hearing on the charges will be scheduled.

At the time, PMC was one of the nation's top three minority-owned underwriters.
Former PMC principal Raymond McClendon was campaign treasurer in 1989 for
Maynard Jackson, then campaigning for his third term as mayor. Stanford had
worked for McClendon in the city's Bureau of Financial Analysis and Auditing.

Jackson, who now owns a company that underwrites bonds, was criticized during
his second term for allowing the city to do so much business with McClendon's
firm.

Stanford could not be reached for comment, but she has denied similar charges. A
call to PMC's office was not returned, and an answering machine at that phone
number indicated the office now is PEP Capital.

The SEC action is not expected to cost Atlanta taxpayers.

Among activities the SEC order said violate anti-fraud laws:

McClendon's firm refinanced the city's bonds more than eight times, collecting
about $ 15.3 million in fees, the SEC alleged.

Frequent turnover of the bonds was "inconsistent with the city's investment
objectives and diminished the city's investment returns," the SEC orders said.

Stanford's husband benefited from the alleged relationship between Stanford and
PMC, the SEC said. The relationship was not disclosed to the city, the SEC
alleged.

PMC paid a company owned by Charlie Stanford more than $ 286,000 in professional
fees, according to the SEC order. Charlie Stanford also received a $ 30,000
payment from PMC through a third party, plus "other valuable gifts, " the SEC
order said.

McClendon and PMC also violated securities laws by funneling $ 135,000 to an
unidentified Atlanta official through an unidentified third party, the SEC
alleged. The payments were made between December 1992 and August 1993, the SEC
alleged, though it did not say if the city official was elected or appointed.

The cease-and-desist order requires both Stanford and PMC to stop financial
trading.

Theresa Stanford was fired Thursday from her city position before city officials
learned of the SEC action. Her termination was not related to the SEC action,
said Nick Gold, spokesman for Mayor Bill Campbell. Campbell banned Stanford from
city investments in 1994, but she retained a job in the city's Finance
Department.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             May 26, 2007 Saturday

Church pledges thorough child abuse investigations: Archbishop apologises for
past mishandling of cases Independent reviews to be set up in every diocese

BYLINE: Stephen Bates, Religious affairs correspondent

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 492 words


Rowan Williams, the Archbishop of Canterbury, yesterday promised that
independent reviews would be set up in every diocese to investigate outstanding
allegations of child abuse against clergy and other church workers. Dr Williams
also apologised for the Church of England's past mishandling of accusations of
child abuse in the wake of the imprisonment of a clergyman and a former choir
master.

The Rt Rev Nigel McCulloch, Bishop of Manchester, has already asked an
independent lawyer to review 850 files on complaints against clergy in his
diocese alone. The church is reviewing its codes of conduct guidelines for the
third time since they were introduced in 1995.

Dr Williams, who has a school-age son, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme that
the allegations of victims made painful listening: "It is a record of the church
letting people down in various ways over a long period and some of the
weaknesses identified - well, worse than weaknesses, the real errors identified
- from the early 90s for example are exactly the kind of things that prompted
the drawing up of (our) current guidelines, issued in 1995.

"I fully acknowledge that errors were made in the period that is being
discussed; certainly before 1995 practice was very variable, very uneven and
often not very competent or well informed about the law or best practice."

The church's response has uncomfortable echoes of the convulsions that have
rocked the Roman Catholic church and forced it to make enormous payouts in
compensation to past victims in countries from the US to Australia, following
revelations of a worldwide culture of cover-up and the moving of priests when
complaints were made against them in the past.

Other religious denominations, including the Jehovah's Witnesses, have also also
been charged with ignoring complaints or even victimising the young
complainants.

The archbishop's appearance followed accusations of complacency against previous
speakers put up by the church to defend its policies.

Two recent cases have highlighted inadequacies. The Rev David Smith was jailed
for five and a half years this month for grooming and molesting six vulnerable
youngsters over a period of nearly 30 years, having been allowed to continue in
ministry despite concerns being raised about his behaviour in 1983 and 2001 -
the latter some time after the church's guidelines were introduced. Last month
similar claims of a cover-up were made after Peter Halliday, a former choir
master, was jailed for two and a half years.

Dr Williams said: "What we need to do quite clearly . . . is to take advice from
the church's central safeguarding liaison group on how we should best conduct a
review. We don't just want to look good, we want to do it properly and so we
need to have the best professional advice on how we might review these historic
cases."

The church has similar guidelines in place to the Catholic church in England and
Wales which instituted its own review six years ago.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      San Ramon Valley Times (California)

                    November 4, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

LEE SEEN AS POLICY VICTIM;
A PROFESSOR POINTS TO YEARS OF PREJUDICE AGAINST ASIAN AMERICANS TO EXPLAIN WHY
LEE WAS TARGETED IN THE INVESTIGATION

BYLINE: Andrea Widener

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 675 words


The case of former Los Alamos Laboratory nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee has had a
rippling effect on the Asian American community, producing an odd combination of
empowerment and fear.

Lee s firing, imprisonment and later release on charges of mishandling
classified nuclear weapons data outraged some Asian Americans and unified them
in support of the scientist, a UC Berkeley ethnic studies professor said Friday.

But the case and its links to the world of the FBI, the CIA and foreign
espionage terrified others and forced them to remain silent for fear they will
be viewed as un-American, said Ling-chi Wang, who has been a vocal supporter of
Lee.

It isn t surprising the scientist was singled out for prosecution, Wang said.
Asian Americans have faced discrimination before, and will undoubtedly face it
again, he explained.

After nine months of solidarity confinement, Lee pleaded guilty in September to
one of 59 counts of mishandling classified data. Asian Americans contended Lee
was singled out for the charges because he is a Taiwanese American. The
government vehemently denied those charges and said Lee violated numerous
security rules while at Los Alamos.

Asian Americans have been, essentially, the unsuspecting and unwilling victims
of our foreign policy, Wang told a group of at a meeting of the Pacific Asian
North American (PANA) Institute at UC Berkeley s Pacific School of Religion.

Discrimination against Asian Americans began in 1882, when the Chinese Exclusion
Act made Chinese Americans the first group to be excluded from the United States
solely on the basis of race.

It added the Chinese to the list of people ineligible for immigration, a list
which up until then included only lepers, prostitutes and morons, Wang said.

The act was followed closely by the 1893 Supreme Court case of Fong Yue Ting,
which allowed the government to deport Chinese residents without judicial
review.

Being perpetual aliens is the first defining characteristic of Asian Americans,
Wang said. Asian Americans are presumed foreigners, even if they are citizens of
the U.S.

That didn t end in recent times, Wang said, citing four recent examples of
discrimination.

* During World War II, American citizens of Japanese descent were considered
enemy aliens and ordered into concentrations camps.

* During the Korean and Vietnam wars, China was a sworn enemy of the U.S., and
many Chinese Americans were harassed and intimidated by the government.

* In the early 1980s, Japanese economic power was blamed for the U.S. economic
recession. During that time, Chinese-American engineer Vincent Chin was killed
by two unemployed white auto workers.

* Most recently, China has become the new threat to national security, and that
was played out in the political campaign finance scandal, when several Asian
Americans were accused of laundering money and spying for China.

The treatment is linked directly to the fluctuating relationship we have with
China and Japan, Wang said.

These scandals have each had an important impact on how Asian Americans see
themselves in the United States culture, Wang said. Many theorists attribute
Asian Americans lack of political force to their culture and upbringing of
subservience. But Wang says their past treatment might explain it instead.

We don t have to go back to Confucian ethics to explain this, he said.

The Lee case has spurred some political action by Asian Americans, said Wang,
who has initiated a protest boycott of the national labs, raised money for Lee s
defense and, most recently, asked President Clinton to apologize to Lee and to
pardon his September guilty plea.

Despite its widespread attention in the last year, the Lee case still hasn t
changed how Asian Americans are viewed in politics here, Wang said.

Yet this case has received not one single comment from Al Gore or George W.
Bush, he said. How do you explain that?

Andrea Widener covers science and the area s national laboratories. Reach her at
925-847-2158 or awidener@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Prof. Ling-Chi Wang meets with a group Friday at the Pacific
School of Religion after his talk, "Charged with Being Ethnic Chinese." Wang, a
UC Berkeley ethnic studies professor, discussed prejudice agaisnt
Asian-Americans and the Wen Ho Lee case. (Doug Duran, Times)

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             July 05, 1999, Monday

Lawyer negotiates plea with Florida Bar

BYLINE: WILLIAM YARDLEY

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1338 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



The defense lawyer denies most of the allegations but has struck a deal that is
expected to earn him a 30-day suspension and a year of probation.

Lawyer Jim Cummins says his clients hire him because he gives them what they
want: "passionate advocacy."

Built more like a defensive lineman than a defense lawyer, Cummins backs down
from few fights: If clients want to go to trial, no matter the odds, Cummins
goes to trial.

At 32, he is an officer in the Army Reserve, a former assistant public defender
and the attorney representing suspects in the only two murder casesinvestigated
in Citrus County last year. He is blustery and combative and not always
well-organized, but he also is smart, persuasive and determined to push his way
through a legal system that sometimes plods.

One case, however, has been hanging over the lawyer for more than a year and
soon will go before the Florida Supreme Court. And this time, Cummins is the
accused.

The Florida Bar has filed a 15-page complaint, containing seven counts of
alleged offenses, against the high-profile lawyer. The Bar has accused Cummins
of mishandling clients' money, violating protective injunctions that his wife
and others secured against him and behaving disrespectfully toward judges.

Cummins and the Tallahassee attorney representing him have submitted a guilty
plea they expect the Bar to accept after Cummins has met several confidential
conditions. The negotiated plea would punish Cummins with a 30-day suspension
from practicing law beginning Oct. 1, followed by a one-year probation,
mandatory attendance at ethics school, 30 hours of what the Bar calls
"continuing legal education" and instruction in law office management.

Cummins also would have to refund $ 1,300 to clients and pay whatever costs the
Bar incurred while prosecuting his case. Ultimately, the Florida Supreme Court
must approve the plea, which is called a consent judgment.

"'I am not looking at any sanctions that will require me to reapply to the Bar,"

 Cummins said Friday during an impromptu interview at the Citrus County
Courthouse. During the interview, in which he twice rose and threatened to leave
the room in frustration with a reporter's questions, Cummins said the Bar was
"irresponsible" to delve into his personal life.

Cummins would not discuss the confidential conditions he must meet before the
plea is accepted. "The Bar is waiting on some additional information that they
deem relevant to the case," he said.

Jan Wichrowski, who is prosecuting the case for the Bar, could not be reached
for comment.

Regardless of the guilty plea he agreed to, Cummins said Friday he stands by the
formal answer he filed. In his answer, Cummins denied all allegations of
wrongdoing except one, that he had not properly maintained certain financial
records. He also acknowledged that he did not refund $ 1,300 to clients, but
said the money was used appropriately.

This is not the first time Cummins has been in trouble with the Bar. In May
1998, he was reprimanded for incidents in 1996 in which the Bar said he
neglected to properly inform two different clients about details of their cases.
Cummins chose not to fight the charges.

"I said, "Okay. Whatever. Reprimand me.' I don't feel like challenging the Bar."

Although he said he takes the Bar's current complaint seriously, "The actual
facts are considerably less serious," Cummins said Friday. "The basis of these
charges were things the Bar dug up on their own," rather than stemming from
complaints by Cummins' clients.

Richard Greenberg, who is representing Cummins, said whatever violations may
have occurred were slight.

"At one point the Florida Bar was thinking about a higher level of discipline,"
as much as a six-month suspension, he said. "There's no question that after
taking some depositions I think the Bar realized there wasn't as much to the
allegations as they originally thought. And that's one reason I think that the
Bar did this disposition (agreed to the plea)."

Greenberg did not diminish the importance of the charges, however. "When a
person is an attorney, then everything that they do in their personal and
professional life is subject to scrutiny by the Florida Bar," he said. "It's
been recognized that practicing law is a privilege and not a right."

The first count in the pending complaint, which was filed last summer, details
several injunctions against Cummins, including one his wife requested in 1996.
In October of that year, Crystal River police arrested Cummins on charges he
violated that injunction, which prohibited him from having contact with her.

The Bar said Cummins "committed a criminal act that reflects adversely on the
lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness." Cummins said Friday that he and
his wife are still together and that one reason he agreed to the plea was to
avoid reliving past troubles in their relationship.

Two counts in the complaint involve money clients gave Cummins, which the Bar
says the lawyer inadequately accounted for and failed to reimburse after the
clients decided not to hire him. The complaint also alleges Cummins was
negligent in documenting certain financial records - trust accounts that a
lawyer establishes for a client's money -  over the course of several years.

Cummins admitted to the financial records count but said Friday he simply had
buried the documents in storage in 1997 while he worked as an assistant public
defender.

A fourth count accuses Cummins of a conflict of interest while representing two
clients in different cases, one of whom he questioned during a trial about the
other's behavior. The fifth count accuses Cummins of threatening a man with
criminal charges if he did not settle a civil case regarding a car loan.

The sixth and seven counts resurrect two separate incidents when circuit judges
cited Cummins for contempt of court.

The first time, in July 1997, Judge Patricia Thomas fined Cummins $ 100 after he
was 45 minutes late for a hearing.

Then, in February 1998, Judge Michael Blackstone sent Cummins to jail after the
lawyer repeatedly attempted to question a witness in a juvenile case after the
judge had ordered Cummins not to speak. Blackstone had warned Cummins he was
"still walking a mighty fine line" and that he could be jailed for contempt, but
Cummins persisted.

"Your Honor," Cummins responded, "with all due respect, if I can't put anything
on the record for my client then I might as well be there." Without hesitation,
Blackstone ordered Cummins arrested and set bail at $ 500, which Cummins posted
later that day.

"I think it should be stressed that both judges testified in their depositions
that they have not had any more problems with Mr. Cummins," Greenberg said.

Cummins recently fired nearly every member of his small staff because of an
"honesty" issue. He also has moved out of his office across Apopka Avenue from
the courthouse and has opened a new office around the corner.

Cummins is scheduled to defend Robert DiMarco in his trial on charges of
first-degree murder four days before the suspension would begin. The lawyer said
the suspension would not hinder his ability to represent DiMarco or Robert
Becker, scheduled to go to trial in July on murder charges in the September
drive-by shooting of 15-year-old Michael Reeves.

Cummins is "going to have to notify all of his clients of his suspension, and
that sometimes causes people to say, "I want my file.' "

In other words, Cummins could lose business.

At midday Thursday, however, the man who loves to litigate had a lobby full of
clients. Asked whether the past reprimand and the current charges have motivated
him to change his ways, he recounted the run-in with Blackstone that led to the
contempt charge. He said he was fighting for his client that day, not just
fighting.

"That's not recklessness," he said. "That's intentional. That's how I practice
law, and that's not going to change."

- Information from Times files was used in this report.


LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Lawyer Jim Cummins faces seven charges,
including mishandling clients' money.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           January 2, 2008 Wednesday

New appeal by Cooper

BYLINE: By Rod Leveque, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 816 words


Death row inmate Kevin Cooper has asked a federal appeals court to give him
another chance to argue his innocence.


Special Section: Cooper Watch, timeline, photo galleries, articles

A three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals last month denied
Cooper's appeal of his 1985 murder conviction. Cooper now claims the panel's
decision was wrong, and he wants a larger panel of judges from the court to
rehear his arguments and reconsider the ruling.

The court has not yet said whether it will grant the rehearing. It has, however,
ordered state prosecutors to file a response to the request by the end of next
week.

Cooper remains on death row for the killings of Douglas and Peggy Ryen, their
daughter, Jessica, 10, and houseguest, Christopher Hughes, 11.

The four were attacked as they slept in the Ryens' Chino Hills home in 1983,
just days after Cooper escaped from the nearby California Institution for Men.

The Ryens' 9-year-old son, Joshua, survived a slashed throat.

A jury convicted Cooper of the murders and recommended he receive the death
penalty.

His appeals, however, have lasted more than two decades, during which he has
denied the killings and claimed corrupt police and prosecutors framed him.

Despite problems with evidence in his case, the courts have repeatedly upheld
his conviction, most recently last month when the three-judge panel of the 9th
Circuit unanimously rejected his arguments.

Two of the judges, Pamela Ann Rymer and Ronald M. Gould, said the evidence
against him was overwhelming.

The third judge, Margaret McKeown, ruled against him on procedural grounds,
despite citing deep concerns over "evidentiary gaps, mishandling of evidence and
suspicious circumstances" surrounding his guilt.

Cooper's attorneys seized on McKeown's opinion in asking for the rehearing.

"In light of Judge McKeown's condemnation of the prosecution's repeated
mishandling and destruction of evidence, Mr. Cooper submits he cannot be
executed without violating the U.S. Constitution," the attorneys wrote in their
request for a rehearing.

On a Web site maintained by his supporters, Cooper calls the three-judge panel's
ruling "a disappointment," but said it was "not unexpected."

He said Rymer and Gould have consistently ruled against him for the past eight
years.

He goes on to express frustration that his conviction is allowed to stand
despite McKeown's findings, and he vowed to maintain his appeals for as long as
he can.

"I want for you to know that I will continue this fight as long as I live, and I
truly hope that you will continue fighting with me!" he wrote to his supporters.

r_leveque@dailybulletin.com

(909) 483-9325

April 29, 1983: Cooper is sent to the California Institution for Men in Chino
for burglary.

June 2, 1983: Cooper escapes.

June 4-5, 1983: Douglas and Peggy Ryen, their 10-year-old daughter, Jessica, and
11-year-old houseguest, Christopher Hughes, are killed in the Ryens' Chino Hills
home.

June 9, 1983: Cooper is charged with murder and a manhunt begins.

June 30, 1983: Santa Barbara County sheriff's deputies arrest Cooper following
allegations he raped a woman aboard a boat.

Aug. 1, 1983: Cooper pleads not guilty to murder charges.

April 23, 1984: Cooper's trial moves from Ontario to San Diego due to excessive
publicity.

Oct. 23, 1984: Trial begins.

Feb. 19, 1985: Jurors convict Cooper of murder.

March 1, 1985: Jurors recommend Cooper be executed.

May 15, 1985: Cooper is sentenced to death.

May 16, 1991: California Supreme Court affirms Cooper's conviction, says
evidence is overwhelming.

May 10, 2001: Attorneys reach agreement allowing Cooper to become one of the
first death row inmates in the state to get post-conviction DNA testing of
evidence.

Oct. 3, 2003: Authorities announce DNA testing results tend to confirm Cooper's
guilt. Defense vows to appeal.

Dec. 17, 2003: A San Diego County judge signs Cooper's death warrant and sets
Feb. 10 execution date.

Jan. 9, 2004: Cooper's attorneys petition Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger for
clemency.

Jan. 30, 2004: Governor denies clemency request.

Feb. 9, 2004: Cooper is scheduled for execution at one minute past midnight Feb.
10, but a federal appellate court intervenes and grants his request for more
appeals and scientific tests.

April 2, 2004: New round of appeals hearings begins in U.S. District Court in
San Diego and lasts for more than a year. It includes ordering tests of hair
found in the victims' hands and of a bloody T-shirt reportedly found near the
scene. None of the tests exonerate Cooper.

April 22, 2005: Federal judge upholds the death penalty verdict and refuses to
accept Cooper's request for further testing or hearings. Cooper's lawyers vow to
again appeal to 9th Circuit.

Jan. 9, 2007: Attorneys make oral arguments to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.

Dec. 4, 2007: Three-judge panel of the appeals court upholds Cooper's sentence.

Dec. 18, 2007: Cooper asks the appeals court for a rehearing.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           January 2, 2008 Wednesday

Cooper appeals to larger panel

BYLINE: Rod Leveque, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 798 words


Death row inmate Kevin Cooper has asked a federal appeals court to give him
another chance to argue his innocence.

A three-judge panel of the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals last month denied
Cooper's appeal of his 1985 murder conviction. Cooper now claims the panel's
decision was wrong, and he wants a larger panel of judges from the court to
rehear his arguments and reconsider the ruling.

The court has not yet said whether it will grant the rehearing. It has, however,
ordered state prosecutors to file a response to the request by the end of next
week.

Cooper remains on death row for the killings of Douglas and Peggy Ryen, their
daughter, Jessica, 10, and houseguest, Christopher Hughes, 11.

The four were attacked as they slept in the Ryens' Chino Hills home in 1983,
just days after Cooper escaped from the nearby California Institution for Men.

The Ryens' 9-year-old son, Joshua, survived a slashed throat.

A jury convicted Cooper of the murders and recommended he receive the death
penalty.

His appeals, however, have lasted more than two decades, during which he has
denied the killings and claimed corrupt police and prosecutors framed him.

Despite problems with evidence in his case, the courts have repeatedly upheld
his conviction, most recently last month when the three-judge panel of the 9th
Circuit unanimously rejected his arguments.

Two of the judges, Pamela Ann Rymer and Ronald M. Gould, said the evidence
against him was overwhelming.

The third judge, Margaret McKeown, ruled against him on procedural grounds,
despite citing deep concerns over "evidentiary gaps, mishandling of evidence and
suspicious circumstances" surrounding his guilt.

Cooper's attorneys seized on McKeown's opinion in asking for the rehearing.

"In light of Judge McKeown's condemnation of the prosecution's repeated
mishandling and destruction of evidence, Mr. Cooper submits he cannot be
executed without violating the U.S. Constitution," the attorneys wrote in their
request for a rehearing.

On a Web site maintained by his supporters, Cooper calls the three-judge panel's
ruling "a disappointment," but said it was "not unexpected."

He said Rymer and Gould have consistently ruled against him for the past eight
years.

He goes on to express frustration that his conviction is allowed to stand
despite McKeown's findings, and he vowed to maintain his appeals for as long as
he can.

"I want for you to know that I will continue this fight as long as I live, and I
truly hope that you will continue fighting with me!" he wrote to his supporters.

Timeline

April 29, 1983: Cooper is sent to the California Institution for Men in Chino
for burglary.

June 2, 1983: Cooper escapes.

June 4-5, 1983: Douglas and Peggy Ryen, their 10-year-old daughter, Jessica, and
11-year-old houseguest, Christopher Hughes, are killed in the Ryens' Chino Hills
home.

June 9, 1983: Cooper is charged with murder and a manhunt begins.

June 30, 1983: Santa Barbara County sheriff's deputies arrest Cooper following
allegations he raped a woman aboard a boat.

Aug. 1, 1983: Cooper pleads not guilty to murder charges.

April 23, 1984: Cooper's trial moves from Ontario to San Diego due to excessive
publicity.

Oct. 23, 1984: Trial begins.

Feb. 19, 1985: Jurors convict Cooper of murder.

March 1, 1985: Jurors recommend Cooper be executed.

May 15, 1985: Cooper is sentenced to death.

May 16, 1991: California Supreme Court affirms Cooper's conviction, says
evidence is overwhelming.

May 10, 2001: Attorneys reach agreement allowing Cooper to become one of the
first death row inmates in the state to get post-conviction DNA testing of
evidence.

Oct. 3, 2003: Authorities announce DNA testing results tend to confirm Cooper's
guilt. Defense vows to appeal.

Dec. 17, 2003: A San Diego County judge signs Cooper's death warrant and sets
Feb. 10 execution date.

Jan. 9, 2004: Cooper's attorneys petition Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger for
clemency.

Jan. 30, 2004: Governor denies clemency request.

Feb. 9, 2004: Cooper is scheduled for execution at one minute past midnight Feb.
10, but a federal appellate court intervenes and grants his request for more
appeals and scientific tests.

April 2, 2004: New round of appeals hearings begins in U.S. District Court in
San Diego and lasts for more than a year. It includes ordering tests of hair
found in the victims' hands and of a bloody T-shirt reportedly found near the
scene. None of the tests exonerate Cooper.

April 22, 2005: Federal judge upholds the death penalty verdict and refuses to
accept Cooper's request for further testing or hearings. Cooper's lawyers vow to
again appeal to 9th Circuit.

Jan. 9, 2007: Attorneys make oral arguments to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.

Dec. 4, 2007: Three-judge panel of the appeals court upholds Cooper's sentence.

Dec. 18, 2007: Cooper asks the appeals court for a rehearing.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 20, 2004 Saturday

U.S. drops all charges against Army chaplain

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; World in Brief; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 105 words

DATELINE: Miami


All charges have been dropped against the U.S. Army Muslim chaplain accused of
mishandling classified documents at Guantanamo Bay, which houses suspected
terrorists, officials said yesterday.

Captain James Yee will be allowed to return to his previous duty station at Fort
Lewis, near Tacoma, Wash., said Major-General Geoffrey Miller, commander of
Joint Task Force Guantanamo.

Last September, the Army charged Capt. Yee with mishandling classified material,
failing to obey an order, making a false official statement, adultery and
conduct unbecoming an officer for allegedly downloading pornography on his
government laptop. AP

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 7, 2004 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Bangor lawyer suspended from practice for 2 months

BYLINE: JUDY HARRISON OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B8

LENGTH: 439 words


A Bangor lawyer has been suspended from the practice of law for mishandling a
woman's lawsuit against the Bangor Housing Authority.

Justice Jon Levy of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court ordered on Aug. 23 that
Laurie Anne Miller be suspended for six months with all but two months
suspended. She will be barred from practicing law in the state from Oct. 1
through Nov. 30 and will be monitored by a Bangor lawyer for one year after the
suspension.

Katherine A. Violette of Hancock filed the complaint against Miller in December
2003 with the Board of Overseers of the Bar. She was injured on Jan. 7, 1997, on
a Bangor Housing Authority sidewalk and suffered multiple injuries, according to
Levy's order, which was posted last week on the high court's Web page.

Violette hired Downeast Law Associates in Orrington to handle her case. The
lawsuit originally was being handled by Julio DeSanctis. Miller took over the
case and filed the complaint on Jan. 7, 1999, two years after Violette was
injured.

DeSanctis moved to New Jersey two years ago, and Miller moved her practice to
Bangor.

Miller failed to take further action in the case, according to Levy. Violette's
lawsuit was dismissed on Oct. 25, 2001, by Maine Superior Court Justice Jeffrey
Hjelm after Miller failed to follow up on the case.

Miller also misled Violette by telling her that the case had been filed earlier
than it had been and that the case was still pending after it had been
dismissed, according to the order. The lawyer also did not tell Violette the
case had been dismissed or that she had moved her law office.

By failing to pursue Violette's personal injury case and by her further failure
to respond to Hjelm's order, according to Levy, Miller violated the rules of the
Maine Bar that govern attorneys practicing law in Maine.

"The court is particularly concerned that Miller further engaged in flagrant
misrepresentations to Violette well after a year from the date the matter had
been dismissed ... by stating that the case was still on the court's docket,"
Levy wrote. "Standing alone, such egregious deceit of this client concerning
Miller's own failure to properly pursue the litigation, and her failure to take
steps to prevent the court's dismissal of the litigation for lack of
prosecution, is serious misconduct warranting significant disciplinary
sanction."

Miller was publicly reprimanded in 1998 by the Board of Overseers of the Bar for
similar conduct, according to the board.

She is the second Bangor lawyer to be suspended this year. Philip L. Ingeneri
was suspended for July 1 through Sept. 30 for mishandling the case of a former
Ellsworth businessman.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 17, 2012 Monday

Mass. public health chief quits amid lab failures

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


Tuesday September 18, 2012

BOSTON (AP) -- Massa chusetts Public Health Com mis sioner John Auerbach
resigned Monday in the wake of a growing investigation into a chemist whose
alleged mishandling of drug samples led police to shut down the state crime lab
and re-examine tens of thousands of drug cases.

Auerbach said it's clear that there was "insufficient quality monitoring,
reporting and investigating on the part of supervisors and managers" at the lab,
which had been overseen by the Depart ment of Pub lic Health before being
transferred to state police as part of a budgetary realignment.

"What happened at the drug lab was unacceptable and the impact on people across
the state may be devastating, particularly for some within the criminal justice
system." Auerbach said in a written statement Monday. "We owe it to ourselves
and the public to make sure we understand exactly how and why this happened."

Auerbach said he will continue to work with investigators.

Gov. Deval Patrick accepted the resignation, calling the failures at the lab
serious. He said the actions and inactions of lab management compounded the
problem.

No Berkshire impact

Berkshire District Attorney David F. Capeless has said he is confident there
will be no impact in the Berkshires because testing of samples from local cases
occured at a different lab.

Authorities have not released specific details about what chemist Annie Dookhan
allegedly did.

But in a letter sent last week to defense attorneys around the state, Max Stern,
the president of the Massachusetts Assoc iation of Criminal Defense Lawyers said
he was told in a meeting with Patrick and other administration officials that
the chemist is accused of deliberately tampering with some drug samples,
including the weight of the samples, which can affect the length of prison
sentences given to people convicted of drug offenses.

"The lab is apparently unable to tie this conduct to specific cases. And the
conduct appears to have occurred over a prolonged period. There are also
questions about supervision of the lab generally, failure to follow and update
protocols through out the lab, the quality of the analyst's work due to the
exceptional number of analyses she conducted, and the particular analyst's
sign-off on the work of others. "

'Breakdown in oversight'

State police took over the lab July 1 and closed it last month after discovering
the extent of Dookhan's alleged mishandling of drug samples.

"The commissioner recognizes that, as the head of DPH, he shares accountability
for the breakdown in oversight," Patrick said in a statement.

Patrick also defended Auer bach's overall record at the department during the
past six years, calling his commitment to the common good and the people of
Massa chusetts unquestioned.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Scottish Star

                            April 27, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

CONCERTS KILLED MY P AL JACKO PA P L JA J;
Brit guard's evidence

BYLINE: RICHARD SPILLETT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 323 words


MICHAEL Jackson's British bodyguard is ready to tell a judge that tour promoters
pushed the superstar so hard he ended up dead. Matt Fiddes has offered to give
bombshell evidence for Jacko's family in their £26billion lawsuit against
concert organisers AEG.

MICHAEL guard is ready to tell a judge that tour promoters pushed the superstar
so hard he ended up dead. Matt Fiddes has offered to give bombshell evidence for
Jacko's family in their £26billion lawsuit against concert organisers AEG.

Fiddes, 33, a close pal who spoke to the singer on the phone days before he died
of a prescription drug overdose in 2009, said: "Michael cried.

Fiddes, 33, a close pal who spoke to the singer on the phone days before he died
of a prescription drug overdose in 2009, said: "Michael cried.

performing 10 concerts but AEG wanted "He felt his body was only up to
performing 10 concerts but AEG wanted him to do 40 more.

"He told me he did not know how he was going to get through it but he had to for
his children's future.

"Michael was also mumbling and slurring his words and was clearly high on a
cocktail of other drugs after a night of rehearsals.

"He was like a rabbit caught in the spotlight and his only reaction was to panic
and take the drugs."

spotlight and his only reaction was to panic and take the drugs."

Jacko's family claim AEG caused his death at the age of 50 by "mishandling" him.
Their case starts in Los Angeles on Monday.

Jacko's family claim AEG caused his death at the age of 50 by "mishandling" him.
Their case starts in Los Angeles on Monday.

Fiddes said: "I'll happily give evidence on behalf of the family if they want me
to.

Fiddes said: "I'll happily give evidence on behalf of the family if they want me
to.

"I believe Michael would still be alive today if he hadn't got tied up with the
concert deal."

"I believe Michael would still be alive today if he hadn't got tied up with the
concert deal."

richard.spillett@dailystar.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ SUPPORT: Matt Fiddes says he will testify in court
¦ CLOSE: British bodyguard Matt and the superstar
Pictures: SWNS / FILMMAGIC / CASCADE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DSTscot


                       Copyright 2013 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 25, 2010 Friday

Special prosecutor set in town of Geneva evidence case

BYLINE: Kayla Bunge and Jason Smathers, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 808 words


June 25--ELKHORN -- A special prosecutor will handle the case of a former town
of Geneva police sergeant accused of mishandling evidence.

Walworth County Judge Michael Gibbs ruled Wednesday a perceived conflict of
interest merits having somebody other than the Walworth County District
Attorney's Office prosecute Robert Haase, 42.

Haase is charged with misconduct in public office and faces up to seven years in
prison and $20,000 in fines.

Gibbs ordered the DA's office to appoint a special prosecutor within 10 days or
the court would appoint one.

The criminal complaint against Haase alleges he did not document evidence from
an April 2008 sexual assault case, among others. It also claims Haase did not
give prosecutors other evidence, such as recorded interviews. Haase was placed
on paid administrative leave pending an internal investigation into the
allegations.

Haase's attorney Stephen Kramer argued that Haase's close relationship with the
district attorney's office as a witness in other cases creates an unavoidable
conflict of interest. Without a special prosecutor, the DA's office would be
challenging Haase's credibility in the misconduct case while working to bolster
his credibility in pending drunken driving cases where he might be a witness,
Kramer said.

As part of Haase's defense, his attorneys likely will call many if not all
members of the DA's office as witnesses, Kramer said.

He pointed out that the district attorney's office asked the Wisconsin
Department of Justice for an opinion on the potential conflict of interest.

Gibbs agreed, saying justice not only has to be done but also "appear to be
done."

Assistant District Attorney Diane Donohoo said she anticipated that only
District Attorney Phil Koss and Deputy District Attorney Josh Grube would be
called as witnesses, which would be ethically permissible.

She also noted that she had no involvement with any of the cases where Haase
would be a witness and therefore should not be called to testify.

Gibbs said he had no doubt Donohoo would prosecute the case fairly, but he said
the potential conflicts of interest could raise ethical concerns at every turn
and bog down the case.

"The defense indicates it intends to call everybody from the DA's office as a
witness," Gibbs said. "Right there, bam, you're done. If he had served a
subpoena on you, you're all out."

While the defense asserted they wanted the prosecutor to avoid impropriety,
Donohoo suggested it was a plea tactic.

"This is forum shopping," Donohoo said. "They want somebody else who might give
them a better deal."

Haase remains free on a signature bond. No further court dates will be scheduled
until the special prosecutor is appointed.

Town to pursue further action against officer

A former town police sergeant facing criminal charges of mishandling evidence
soon could face more disciplinary action from the town.

The town police commission in November demoted Robert Haase for engaging in
conduct unbecoming an officer and mishandling evidence. He was suspended for 90
days and permitted to return as a patrolman with a lower salary.

But Haase has been on paid administrative leave since the beginning of a
criminal investigation of misconduct in public office. Even though he's not
working, the town is paying him about $5,000 per month plus benefits.

Prosecutors filed criminal charges against him in April, and a Walworth County
judge on Thursday ordered that a special prosecutor handle the case.

Geneva Town Chairman Dan Lauderdale said town officials had planned to take no
further action against Haase until after the criminal case was over, but they
now are concerned the case has stalled in court.

"I'm fearful that (hearings) will continue (to be delayed), and we will have to
keep paying him," he said. "We realized that and ... decided to seek legal
advice as to whether or not to pursue administrative charges prior to the
conclusion of the pending criminal case."

The town board recently voted to hire a Milwaukee attorney who specializes in
employment litigation and police-related matters to review police reports and
transcripts of hearings to see if any other disciplinary action could be taken
against Haase.

Lauderdale said the town would rather not pay a police officer who is not
working.

"It's not something we want to spend when serious allegations have occurred," he
said. "But we're being careful and prudent with this whole thing."

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100625-JG-Special-prosecutor-set-in-town-of-Geneva-evidence-case-20100625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2010 The Janesville Gazette


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

Special unit formed to sort out Mass. lab mess

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 149 words


BOSTON (AP) -- Gov. Deval Patrick has announced formation of a special unit to
sort through tens of thousands of criminal cases that may have been compromised
by the mishandling of drug evidence in a now-closed state laboratory.

The governor on Thursday named attorney David Meier to head the so-called
"boiler room" operation. Meier is a former prosecutor in Middlesex and Suffolk
counties.

Patrick said in a statement that the unit will be a "clearinghouse" for
information on cases impacted by the mishandling of evidence at the Boston lab,
which was formerly operated by the Department of Public Health.

Patrick ordered the lab closed in August, less than two months after it was
transferred to the control of the Massachusetts State Police.

Authorities have blamed the problems on a single chemist, Annie Dookhan, but
have not said exactly what she is accused of doing or cited a possible motive.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

Berkeley pot bill put on 2008 ballot after judge nullifies results

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Alameda; My Town

LENGTH: 508 words


An Alameda County Superior Court judge has nullified the results of a hotly
contested 2004 election because of mishandling of a recount by Alameda County
election officials, and she ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a citizen-sponsored
medical marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a re-vote in 2008.

Judge Winifred Smith upheld a tentative decision from July, when she sided with
an organization of medical marijuana advocates who sought to contest the narrow
defeat of the marijuana dispensary initiative that year. The initiative failed
by 191 votes, or less than half a percent of the ballots cast.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

"It is something that's very uncommon now, but I think it will become very
common," said Bev Harris founder of Black Box Voting, a nonprofit voting
watchdog group of Smith's decision. "We, as a society, got sold a bill of goods
with equipment that did not work properly."

Smith found that the medical marijuana group never could exercise its right to
contest the election because county officials barred access to electronic voting
machine records needed to show whether the ballots were recorded accurately.

Within days after voters went to the polls and voted on Measure R, Alameda
County's then-Registrar of Voters Bradley Clark charged Americans for Safe
Access a little more than $22,600 to recount electronic ballots on the county's
touch-screen voting machines, made by Diebold Election Systems Inc.

State elections law says that petitioners for an election recount get to see
more, including all ballots plus "all other relevant materials."

But Clark denied the group's requests for the machines' internal audit logs,
which could have showed malfunctions or changes in the machines' operation on
Election Day, plus internal backup copies of the electronic ballots and
chain-of-custody records showing who had access to the machines.

Yet Alameda County attorneys did not settle the lawsuit that Americans for Safe
Access filed, and county elections officials continued to deny release of the
records well after Clark left for a state job and then retirement in Hawaii.

"I think this shows county officials that procedures are put in place for a
reason," Harris said. "It's important to follow those procedures."

Smith ruled Tuesday that Alameda County officials have engaged in "a pattern of
withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence" necessary to
conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the judge found "to
be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the Diebold voting
machines.

Alameda County counsel Richard Winnie said the county does have the right to
file an appeal, but would not say if one was forthcoming. Alameda County
officials have stated in the past it will conduct any re-vote at no expense to
the city of Berkeley.

Reach Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 1, 1996, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

TRIAL? WHAT TRIAL? POLICEMAN QUITS

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 815 words

BILL MCCLELLAN ON MY OWN COLUMN


IT PROMISED to have all the trappings of an old-fashioned Moscow show trial. The
defendant would be led in, selected spectators would jeer, and the judges, who
had already determined the sentence, would then pretend to decide the case on
its merits.

But Eddie Sanchez said no. Rather than face a Police Board trial, he resigned
from the St. Louis Police Department on Monday morning, just as his trial was
supposed to commence.

Officially, he had been charged with mishandling evidence, and there was never
really any question about guilt or innocence. He was guilty. He had mishandled
evidence.

The evidence consisted of a toy pistol, a starter gun and an inoperable
revolver. All three of the guns were found in the trunk of Sanchez's squad car.

According to departmental regulations, Sanchez should not have had those guns.
He should have turned them in and filed the necessary reports at the times he
confiscated them.

Under normal conditions, a guy doesn't get fired for mishandling evidence,
especially if he has a halfway plausible defense, and in this case, Sanchez did.
He had taken the toy pistol and starter gun from a couple of 11-year-olds who
were flourishing them, he said. Writing a report didn't seem worthwhile. The
third gun was an unusual eight-shot revolver, and once the lab had determined
that it hadn't been used in any "hot" case, Sanchez had decided to keep it and
maybe get it fixed.

As I said, it's halfway plausible. Under normal circumstances, a guy would be
looking at a slap on the wrist.

Of course, there was nothing normal about the circumstances in this case.

Earlier this year, Sanchez shot and killed 17-year-old Garland Carter.

Despite his tender years, Carter was a veteran gang-banger who had already been
shot four times during various firefights on the street. Two months before he
was killed, he had pleaded guilty to two felony charges. Shortly before his
death, he had been identified as one of the fellows who had robbed a couple of
other youngsters at a gas station. So the cops were looking for him.

When Sanchez saw him getting out of a car near the Carr Square housing project,
he tried to stop him, and Carter took off running. Sanchez gave chase and
eventually shot him in the back. During the autopsy, a packet of crack cocaine
was found in Carter's mouth. Toxicology tests indicated the presence of heroin
in his system.

Sanchez claimed that Carter had been armed, and a gun was recovered next to
Carter's body. Some people at the scene claimed Sanchez had planted the gun, but
their stories varied wildly. After hearing their stories - and other stories
from people who said Sanchez had not planted a gun next to Carter's body - a
grand jury refused to indict the cop.

Sanchez voluntarily testified at the grand jury. He said that after the
shooting, he had gone to his squad car to get tape to mark off the crime scene.
With the crowd converging on him, he wouldn't have had the opportunity to plant
anything, he claimed.

Well, who knows?

Given the tenor of our times, it is hardly surprising that the case quickly
became a Cause.

To me, it seemed like the gang-bangers against the cops, and although my
sympathy lies with the cops, there were too many unknowables in this case, so I
stayed out of it.

The friends of the gang-bangers felt no such restraint. Perhaps their most
notable champion was Liz Brown, an employee of the comptroller's office who
writes a generally entertaining and occasionally thought-provoking column for
the St. Louis American. She constantly referre d to Carter as "a tiny child,"
and she said that the real gang, meaning the cops, wore blue.

When the grand jury, which was, incidentally, equally divided between blacks and
whites, refused to indict, Brown wrote that Circuit Attorney Dee Joyce-Hayes
should be "Dee-feated."

Clever stuff. As a fellow columnist, I admired it.

At any rate, a very vocal minority demanded Sanchez's head, and Chief Ronald
Henderson agreed to give it to them. Given the sensibilities of the Police Board
- don't ask them to choose between the gang-bangers and the cops - the results
of the board trial were a foregone conclusion.

After unsuccessfully trying to dissuade the chief Monday morning, and after
counting the votes on the Police Board yet again, Sanchez and his attorney threw
in the towel.

As I've said, some of the facts in this case are unknowable. But one thing is
very clear. The streets of this city, already dangerous, are going to get worse.

That's because you can't blame a cop if he thinks long and hard before taking on
a gang-banger. The cops all know that Sanchez should have just kept on driving.

Bill McClellan's column appears Sunday, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. You can
reach him at 340-8143 or by fax at 340-3050 or write him at the Post-Dispatch,
900 North Tucker Blvd., St. Louis, Mo. 63101.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 1, 1996, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

TRIAL? WHAT TRIAL? POLICEMAN QUITS

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01B, BILL MCCLELLAN ON MY OWN COLUMN

LENGTH: 819 words


IT PROMISED to have all the trappings of an old-fashioned Moscow show trial. The
defendant would be led in, selected spectators would jeer, and the judges, who
had already determined the sentence, would then pretend to decide the case on
its merits.

But Eddie Sanchez said no. Rather than face a Police Board trial, he resigned
from the St. Louis Police Department on Monday morning, just as his trial was
supposed to commence.

Officially, he had been charged with mishandling evidence, and there was never
really any question about guilt or innocence. He was guilty. He had mishandled
evidence.

The evidence consisted of a toy pistol, a starter gun and an inoperable
revolver. All three of the guns were found in the trunk of Sanchez's squad car.

According to departmental regulations, Sanchez should not have had those guns.
He should have turned them in and filed the necessary reports at the times he
confiscated them.

Under normal conditions, a guy doesn't get fired for mishandling evidence,
especially if he has a halfway plausible defense, and in this case, Sanchez did.
He had taken the toy pistol and starter gun from a couple of 11-year-olds who
were flourishing them, he said. Writing a report didn't seem worthwhile. The
third gun was an unusual eight-shot revolver, and once the lab had determined
that it hadn't been used in any "hot" case, Sanchez had decided to keep it and
maybe get it fixed.

As I said, it's halfway plausible. Under normal circumstances, a guy would be
looking at a slap on the wrist.

Of course, there was nothing normal about the circumstances in this case.

Earlier this year, Sanchez shot and killed 17-year-old Garland Carter.

Despite his tender years, Carter was a veteran gang-banger who had already been
shot four times during various firefights on the street. Two months before he
was killed, he had pleaded guilty to two felony charges. Shortly before his
death, he had been identified as one of the fellows who had robbed a couple of
other youngsters at a gas station. So the cops were looking for him.

When Sanchez saw him getting out of a car near the Carr Square housing project,
he tried to stop him, and Carter took off running. Sanchez gave chase and
eventually shot him in the back. During the autopsy, a packet of crack cocaine
was found in Carter's mouth. Toxicology tests indicated the presence of heroin
in his system.

Sanchez claimed that Carter had been armed, and a gun was recovered next to
Carter's body. Some people at the scene claimed Sanchez had planted the gun, but
their stories varied wildly. After hearing their stories - and other stories
from people who said Sanchez had not planted a gun next to Carter's body - a
grand jury refused to indict the cop.

Sanchez voluntarily testified at the grand jury. He said that after the
shooting, he had gone to his squad car to get tape to mark off the crime scene.
With the crowd converging on him, he wouldn't have had the opportunity to plant
anything, he claimed.

Well, who knows?

Given the tenor of our times, it is hardly surprising that the case quickly
became a Cause.

To me, it seemed like the gang-bangers against the cops, and although my
sympathy lies with the cops, there were too many unknowables in this case, so I
stayed out of it.

The friends of the gang-bangers felt no such restraint. Perhaps their most
notable champion was Liz Brown, an employee of the comptroller's office who
writes a generally entertaining and occasionally thought-provoking column for
the St. Louis American. She constantly referre d to Carter as "a tiny child,"
and she said that the real gang, meaning the cops, wore blue.

When the grand jury, which was, incidentally, equally divided between blacks and
whites, refused to indict, Brown wrote that Circuit Attorney Dee Joyce-Hayes
should be "Dee-feated."

Clever stuff. As a fellow columnist, I admired it.

At any rate, a very vocal minority demanded Sanchez's head, and Chief Ronald
Henderson agreed to give it to them. Given the sensibilities of the Police Board
- don't ask them to choose between the gang-bangers and the cops - the results
of the board trial were a foregone conclusion.

After unsuccessfully trying to dissuade the chief Monday morning, and after
counting the votes on the Police Board yet again, Sanchez and his attorney threw
in the towel.

As I've said, some of the facts in this case are unknowable. But one thing is
very clear. The streets of this city, already dangerous, are going to get worse.

That's because you can't blame a cop if he thinks long and hard before taking on
a gang-banger. The cops all know that Sanchez should have just kept on driving.

Bill McClellan's column appears Sunday, Monday, Wednesday and Friday. You can
reach him at 340-8143 or by fax at 340-3050 or write him at the Post-Dispatch,
900 North Tucker Blvd., St. Louis, Mo. 63101.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

Tribe's lawsuit against U.S. for fatal incident reinstated

BYLINE: Ben Lockhart Deseret News

LENGTH: 597 words


By Ben Lockhart

Deseret News

VERNAL - A lawsuit filed by the Ute Indian Tribe of the Uintah-Ouray Reservation
against the United States has new life after a federal judge recently reinstated
the case for review by a lower court.

The ruling says there needs to be further examination of federal officers' role
in the aftermath of a tribe member's fatal encounter with police nearly 10 years
ago.

The Ute Indian Tribe has filed multiple lawsuits against state and federal
parties since the shooting death of 21-year-old Todd Rory Murray on April 1,
2007, alleging multiple wrongdoings by law enforcement during and after the
incident.

Murray and then-Vernal police officer Vance Norton - now the Uintah County
sheriff - exchanged fire during the ordeal. But Murray's death was ruled a
suicide by self-inflicted gunshot wound.

The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, in a decision handed
down Jan. 27, vacated a lower court's decision to dismiss the tribe's lawsuit
that alleges violations of an 1868 treaty between the tribe and the United
States. The decision stated that the role of federal officers was not properly
considered in the lower court's decision to dismiss.

For several years, the Ute Indian Tribe has made various claims in court that
police inappropriately pursued Murray, who was a passenger in a fleeing car
shortly before the shootout, and went past their lawful jurisdiction and into
tribal territory.

The Ute Indian Tribe has also claimed that investigators ignored, destroyed or
improperly handled evidence that would have shown Murray's death was a homicide.

A separate Ute Indian Tribe lawsuit against the state of Utah, Uintah County,
Vernal and 11 state law enforcement officers was struck down by a different
federal appeals court in December 2015. That court agreed with an earlier ruling
that there was no legitimate dispute about Murray's death being a suicide and
that officers were lawful in their pursuit of him.

But the lawsuit against the United States alleging a treaty violation still
needs more review, United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled
late last month, because allegations about federal officers' culpability in
mishandling evidence have not been properly reviewed.

"The (lower) court explained that the local officers could not be liable for
several alleged acts (evidence mishandling) because the duty to preserve the
evidence was not on them, but on the ... federal officers," the recent ruling
states.

The court explained that there remains an unexplored question as to whether
assisting federal investigators erred in their handling of the gun found near
Murray's body and their supervision of the site where he died.

"But for the destruction of the cited evidence, (the plaintiff) may have shown
that Murray was, in fact, shot" and hit by Norton during the gunfight, the
written ruling states.

The court clarified that it did not have a position on whether a conclusion of
homicide would be reached if evidence could have been more thoroughly collected.
But either way, if federal officers are found culpable of mishandling such
evidence, it's possible the lawsuit's claims of a treaty violation would have
merit, the court said.

"The culpability of the federal officers for (spoiling evidence) has never been
decided," the ruling states.

The Ute Indian Tribe is alleging that the handling of the investigation violates
the "bad man" clause of its 1868 treaty with the United States. Relatives of
Murray are also named as plaintiffs in the tribe's lawsuit.

Email: blockhart@deseretnews.com

Twitter: benlockhartnews

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

Tribe's lawsuit against U.S. for fatal incident reinstated

BYLINE: Ben Lockhart Deseret News

LENGTH: 597 words


By Ben Lockhart

Deseret News

VERNAL - A lawsuit filed by the Ute Indian Tribe of the Uintah-Ouray Reservation
against the United States has new life after a federal judge recently reinstated
the case for review by a lower court.

The ruling says there needs to be further examination of federal officers' role
in the aftermath of a tribe member's fatal encounter with police nearly 10 years
ago.

The Ute Indian Tribe has filed multiple lawsuits against state and federal
parties since the shooting death of 21-year-old Todd Rory Murray on April 1,
2007, alleging multiple wrongdoings by law enforcement during and after the
incident.

Murray and then-Vernal police officer Vance Norton - now the Uintah County
sheriff - exchanged fire during the ordeal. But Murray's death was ruled a
suicide by self-inflicted gunshot wound.

The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, in a decision handed
down Jan. 27, vacated a lower court's decision to dismiss the tribe's lawsuit
that alleges violations of an 1868 treaty between the tribe and the United
States. The decision stated that the role of federal officers was not properly
considered in the lower court's decision to dismiss.

For several years, the Ute Indian Tribe has made various claims in court that
police inappropriately pursued Murray, who was a passenger in a fleeing car
shortly before the shootout, and went past their lawful jurisdiction and into
tribal territory.

The Ute Indian Tribe has also claimed that investigators ignored, destroyed or
improperly handled evidence that would have shown Murray's death was a homicide.

A separate Ute Indian Tribe lawsuit against the state of Utah, Uintah County,
Vernal and 11 state law enforcement officers was struck down by a different
federal appeals court in December 2015. That court agreed with an earlier ruling
that there was no legitimate dispute about Murray's death being a suicide and
that officers were lawful in their pursuit of him.

But the lawsuit against the United States alleging a treaty violation still
needs more review, United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled
late last month, because allegations about federal officers' culpability in
mishandling evidence have not been properly reviewed.

"The (lower) court explained that the local officers could not be liable for
several alleged acts (evidence mishandling) because the duty to preserve the
evidence was not on them, but on the ... federal officers," the recent ruling
states.

The court explained that there remains an unexplored question as to whether
assisting federal investigators erred in their handling of the gun found near
Murray's body and their supervision of the site where he died.

"But for the destruction of the cited evidence, (the plaintiff) may have shown
that Murray was, in fact, shot" and hit by Norton during the gunfight, the
written ruling states.

The court clarified that it did not have a position on whether a conclusion of
homicide would be reached if evidence could have been more thoroughly collected.
But either way, if federal officers are found culpable of mishandling such
evidence, it's possible the lawsuit's claims of a treaty violation would have
merit, the court said.

"The culpability of the federal officers for (spoiling evidence) has never been
decided," the ruling states.

The Ute Indian Tribe is alleging that the handling of the investigation violates
the "bad man" clause of its 1868 treaty with the United States. Relatives of
Murray are also named as plaintiffs in the tribe's lawsuit.

Email: blockhart@deseretnews.com

Twitter: benlockhartnews

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 8, 2009 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ABUSE LEADS TO $3M VERDICT

BYLINE: STEPHEN NOHLGREN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



HIGHLIGHT: A jury finds KinderCare liable for a 10-month-old's broken leg, part
of a troubling pattern.


The 10-month-old boy was squirming on the day care center's diapering table. The
caregiver - frustrated that he wouldn't stay put - bent his tiny leg back until
it broke.

She didn't mean to hurt him, Stacey Doty told authorities at the time. She was
just trying to hold him in place.

But when licensing officials and a Pinellas County jury took a closer look at
the day care center owned by KinderCare, the nation's largest child care chain,
they found a disturbing pattern.

Several workers and parents said they had told the center director that Doty was
mishandling children. One co-worker said Doty had dropped a clipboard on a
toddler's fingers as punishment and had picked up another toddler by the wrist
and moved her across the room because she wouldn't obey.

Last week a jury awarded the boy whose leg was broken in 2006 $3 million in
damages, $2 million of it punitive.

"KinderCare dropped the ball from top to bottom. If somebody is mishandling
babies, you are responsible,'' juror Brian Fick said. "Stacey should have been
discharged long before that.''

About the time the infant's leg was broken, licensing authorities were
monitoring five of KinderCare's six Pinellas County centers for serious or
repeat rule violations. KinderCare has since cleaned up its violation history.

"We deeply regret the incident that occurred,'' KinderCare spokeswoman Dr.
Elanna Yalow said in a statement. "We remain committed, as we have for the past
40 years, to providing a safe place for children to learn, play and grow.''

Doty was fired after the broken leg, pleaded no contest to felony child abuse
and was sentenced to a year in the Pinellas County Jail. She could not be
reached for comment.

The boy's parents, Deon and April Esterhuizen, of Clearwater, declined comment
through their St. Petersburg attorney, Wesley Straw.

The day care center, at 3245 Ulmerton Road, has been open 20 years. At the time
of the broken leg, fees could run $1,000 a month, among the highest in the
county.

Doty, now 35, was hired seven years ago. In 2005, the center called 911 to take
her to the hospital - a few weeks after she was assigned to work alone with a
class of toddlers. Director Sharon Bailey said Doty had a severe headache. A
co-worker said Doty had an attack "caused by stress.''

She was reassigned the next day to an infant room with another caregiver and six
children. Several co-workers later told authorities that the other caregiver had
a peculiar habit: She would stretch a plastic bag across her face to distort it
and make growling noises that would scare the babies.

In September 2006, the other caregiver went on a break, leaving Doty alone with
the six infants. She broke the Esterhuizen boy's leg while changing his diaper.

When the parents' lawsuit went to trial last month, the boy's leg had long since
healed. The issue was whether he had suffered lasting brain trauma.

Several witnesses had said Doty sometimes dropped infants into their cribs. One
girl's head reportedly bounced against the crib's backboard.

The Esterhuizens said their son sometimes stared into space or had inappropriate
eye movements, evidence of seizures.

No brain scan was taken and even the parents' medical experts acknowledged that
no brain damage could be traced directly to the day care center.

One medical witness described the boy, now almost 4, as bright and verbal.

The parents contended that the boy sometimes held his arm strangely when he ran,
but the defense took surveillance videos outside the family's home and at the
beach that showed the boy playing normally.

Still, the jury awarded $250,000 for future medical costs plus $750,000 for
future pain and suffering, based on a belief that the boy suffered brain trauma,
juror Fick said.

There was some evidence of swelling, Fick said, and "there was a history of this
lady and the way she was tossing babies around.''

In Yalow's statement, KinderCare laid the blame on Doty: "In this unfortunate
incident, an employee acted in a manner that is contrary to everything we stand
for.''

But the jury faulted center director Bailey for not heeding repeated warnings
that Doty was mishandling children, Fick said.

The jury also wondered why KinderCare did not install cameras so supervisors
could monitor classrooms.

With 1,700 schools in 38 states, KinderCare grossed $1.5 billion a year, Fisk
said. "Take a little of that and install cameras.''

As of now, KinderCare and a parent corporation called Knowledge Learning have 16
centers in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties. Only one is being monitored
because of a serious violation or series of smaller violations.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

Medical-pot bill back on ballot for 2008

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 506 words


An Alameda County Superior Court judge has nullified the results of a
hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by Alameda County
election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a citizen-sponsored
medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a re-vote in 2008.

Judge Winifred Smith upheld a tentative decision from July where she sided with
an organization of medical marijuana advocates who sought to contest the narrow
defeat of the marijuana dispensary initiative that year.

The initiative failed by 191 votes, or less than half a percent of the ballots
cast.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

"It is something that's very uncommon now, but I think it will become very
common," said Bev Harris, founder of Black Box Voting, a nonprofit voting
watchdog group, of Smith's decision. "We, as a society, got sold a bill of goods
with equipment that did not work properly."

Smith found that the medical-marijuana group never could exercise its right to
contest the election because county officials barred access to electronic voting
machine records needed to show whether the ballots were recorded accurately.

Within days after voters went to the polls and voted on Measure R, Alameda
County's then-Registrar of Voters Bradley Clark charged Americans for Safe
Access a little more than $22,600 to recount electronic ballots on the county's
touch-screen voting machines, made by Diebold Election Systems Inc.

State elections law says petitioners for an election recount get to see more,
including all ballots plus "all other relevant materials."

But Clark denied the group's requests for the machines' internal audit logs,
which could have showed malfunctions or changes in the machines' operation on
Election Day, plus internal backup of the electronic ballots and
chain-of-custody records showing who had access to the machines.

Yet Alameda County attorneys did not settle the lawsuit that Americans for Safe
Access filed and county elections officials continued to deny release of the
records well after Clark left the county for a state job and then retirement in
Hawaii.

"I think this shows county officials that procedures are put in place for a
reason," Harris said. "It's important to follow those procedures."

Smith ruled Tuesday that Alameda County officials have engaged in "a pattern of
withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence" necessary to
conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the judge found "to
be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the Diebold voting
machines.

Alameda County Counsel Richard Winnie said the county does have the right to
file an appeal, but would not say if one was forthcoming. Alameda County
officials have stated in the past it will conduct any re-vote at no expense to
the city of Berkeley.

Reach Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

Judge puts pot back on ballot

BYLINE: By Chris Metinko, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 507 words


An Alameda County Superior Court judge has nullified the results of a
hotly-contested 2004 election due to mishandling of a recount by Alameda County
election officials, and ordered Berkeley's Measure R -- a citizen-sponsored
medical-marijuana initiative -- back on the ballot for a re-vote in 2008.

Judge Winifred Smith upheld a tentative decision from July

where she sided with an organization of medical marijuana advocates who sought
to contest the narrow defeat of the marijuana dispensary initiative that year.
The initiative failed by 191 votes, or less than half a percent of the ballots
cast.

It is only the second time in California legal history that a new election has
been ordered without clear evidence of ballot tampering or substantial
tabulation errors by elections officials.

"It is something that's very uncommon now, but I think it will become very
common," said Bev Harris, founder of Black Box Voting, a nonprofit voting
watchdog group, of Smith's decision. "We, as a society, got sold a bill of goods
with equipment that did not work properly."

Smith found that the medical-marijuana group never could exercise its right to
contest the election because county officials barred access to electronic voting
machine records needed to show whether the ballots were recorded accurately.

Within days after voters went to the polls and voted on Measure R, Alameda
County's then-Registrar of Voters Bradley Clark charged Americans for Safe
Access a little more $22than,600 to recount electronic ballots on the county's
touch-screen voting machines, made by Diebold Election Systems Inc.

State elections law says petitioners for an election recount get to see more,
including all ballots plus "all other relevant materials."

But Clark denied the group's requests for the machines' internal audit logs,
which could have showed malfunctions or changes in the machines' operation on
Election Day, plus internal backup copies of the electronic ballots and
chain-of-custody records showing who had access to the machines.

Yet Alameda County attorneys did not settle the lawsuit that Americans for Safe
Access filed and county elections officials continued to deny release of the
records well after Clark left the county for a state job and then retired in
Hawaii.

"I think this shows county officials that procedures are put in place for a
reason," Harris said. "It's important to follow those procedures."

Smith ruled Tuesday that Alameda County officials have engaged in "a pattern of
withholding relevant evidence and failing to preserve evidence" necessary to
conduct a recount of the hotly contested measure, evidence the judge found "to
be irretrievable due to (the county's) mishandling" of the Diebold voting
machines.

Alameda County Counsel Richard Winnie said the county does have the right to
file an appeal, but would not say if one was forthcoming. Alameda County
officials have stated in the past it will conduct any re-vote at no expense to
the city of Berkeley.

Reach Chris Metinko at 510-763-5418 or cmetinko@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

Mass. high court censures judge

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 125 words


BOSTON (AP) -- The state's highest court has publicly censured a judge for
mishandling several criminal cases between 2005 and 2007.

The Supreme Judicial Court said in a statement Wednesday that District Court
Judge Diane Moriarty will be monitored for at least one year by the state
Commission on Judicial Conduct, which recommended the censure. Moriarty was not
fined or suspended.

According to commission documents, the 57-year-old Moriarty committed several
infractions including failing to warn defendants that they could face
deportation if they were not American citizens, mishandling plea agreements, and
inappropriately vacating a conviction.

The Boston Globe reports that Moriarty's lawyer refused comment. Moriarty has
been a judge since 1998.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           September 17, 2000, Sunday

REPORTS SUGGEST LEE WAS A POLITICAL PATSY

BYLINE: DAVID K. LI, BRIAN BLOMQUIST and DEBORAH ORIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 022

LENGTH: 595 words


New reports of security violations by President Clinton's ex-CIA chief yesterday
underscored questions about whether scientist Wen Ho Lee was the victim of a
politically motivated double standard.

At issue is whether ex-spymaster John Deutch got kid-gloves treatment as a
Clinton appointee - while Lee became a scapegoat to show Clinton was getting
tough on nuclear security.

Deutch has admitted mishandling CIA secrets, and the Washington Post reported
yesterday he's also being probed for mishandling Pentagon secrets while holding
defense posts under Clinton.

Pentagon memos say Deutch ignored "even the most basic security precautions" and
put secrets on computers he used at home, where they were vulnerable to hackers,
the report said

But so far, Deutch hasn't been charged with any crime.

By contrast, Lee got pilloried as an evil Taiwan-born spy for China and was
jailed without bail for nine months in solitary.

Federal District Judge James Parker said the case "embarrassed our entire
nation" when he freed the ex-Los Alamos nuclear scientist, a naturalized U.S.
citizen, after prosecutors dropped 58 of 59 counts last week.

President Clinton now says he "always had reservations about the claims," but
there's no sign Clinton ever raised those doubts with prosecutors.

In fact, the highly unusual huddle, where top Clinton aides - including National
Security Adviser Sandy Berger - signed off on prosecuting Lee was held in the
White House last Dec. 4.

Asian-Americans groups say the Clinton administration targeted Lee by race.

The question of who gave U.S. nuclear secrets to China remains a mystery.

A look at the chronology shows why some Lee advocates suspect political motives
behind the case:

* Jan. 1, 1999: News begins leaking out about a bipartisan House Committee
report charging Chinese spies stole secrets from the Los Alamos nuclear lab.

The Clinton administration gets the report around New Year's and knows it
criticizes both lax security and Clinton's OK for technology transfers
benefiting Bernard Schwartz of Loral Space, the Democratic party's single
biggest fat cat.

* Jan. 9, 1999: Clinton Energy Secretary Bill Richardson quickly pins the blame
on an unnamed Los Alamos scientist - claiming the security breach came in the
mid-1980s.

* March 6, 1999: The New York Times details suspicions of spying in a report
that cited "administration sources" and favorably portrays the Energy
Department, especially Richardson, as alert to the problem.

* March 9, 1999: Right after the Times suggests a need for quick action,
Richardson names Lee as the spy suspect.

* March 10, 1999: Gore takes the lead in arguing the Clinton team acted fast to
fix a problem.

* May 25, 1999: The House report on lax nuclear security becomes public but
doesn't target Lee. Rep. Chris Cox (R-Calif.), who led the probe, later voices
concern that Lee could be another Richard Jewell - the suspect falsely
railroaded for the Atlanta Olympic bombing.

* Dec. 4, 1999: Berger, Attorney General Janet Reno, Richardson, FBI chief Louis
Freeh and CIA chief George Tenet hold an unusual White House huddle to sign off
on prosecuting Lee.

* Dec. 11, 1999: Lee is charged with 59 counts of illegally removing classified
files - but not spying - that could jail him for life. The charges come as the
2000 presidential race is about to begin in earnest.


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCAPEGOAT? Nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee talks with reporters outside
the federal courthouse in Albuquerque, N.M., after a judge dropped 58 of 59
charges against him. AP

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

Mass. high court censures judge

BYLINE: Sentinel &amp; Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 125 words


BOSTON (AP) -- The state's highest court has publicly censured a judge for
mishandling several criminal cases between 2005 and 2007.

The Supreme Judicial Court said in a statement Wednesday that District Court
Judge Diane Moriarty will be monitored for at least one year by the state
Commission on Judicial Conduct, which recommended the censure. Moriarty was not
fined or suspended.

According to commission documents, the 57-year-old Moriarty committed several
infractions including failing to warn defendants that they could face
deportation if they were not American citizens, mishandling plea agreements, and
inappropriately vacating a conviction.

The Boston Globe reports that Moriarty's lawyer refused comment. Moriarty has
been a judge since 1998.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday

Federal probe target in chief?

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 613 words

ABSTRACT

Susan Shelley on Clinton scandals

FULL TEXT

Would you like to know what Bill Clinton discussed with Attorney General Loretta
Lynch during their unscheduled secret meeting aboard her private plane on the
tarmac at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix on June 27?

You're not alone.

The American Center for Law and Justice is suing the U.S. Department of Justice
for the records of that meeting- all messages between Lynch and others about the
meeting, and all communications from Bill Clinton or his staff.

Four days after that airport meeting, Lynch effectively recused herself from
making decisions about criminal charges in the investigation of the private
email server that Hillary Clinton used as secretary of state instead of a
government account. Lynch said she would accept the recommendation of the
professionals on whether to bring criminal charges against anyone for
mishandling classified material.

Today we know that the FBI also had an ongoing investigation into
influence-peddling at the Clinton Foundation. The Wall Street Journal and other
news organizations reported that FBI investigators were prevented by Lynch's
Justice Department from using "aggressive" methods to gather evidence: no grand
jury, no subpoenas, no search warrants.

What happens when the attorney general loses the confidence of the public?

In 1924, the U.S. Senate opened an investigation into Attorney General Harry
Daugherty for failing to prosecute criminal cases in the Warren G. Harding
administration, including the Teapot Dome bribery scandal. Daugherty was forced
to resign.

In 1975, President Richard Nixon's attorney general, John Mitchell, went to
prison for his role in Watergate. He was convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of
justice and perjury.

There's nothing new about political appointees bending the arc of justice toward
re-election. What's new is WikiLeaks, the Napster of political scandal.

According to leaked emails, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik got his job
with the help of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. "Fantastic lawyer. Kept
me out of jail," Podesta wrote in a recommendation.

Kadzik represented Podesta in the special counsel's investigation of President
Bill Clinton for perjury and obstruction of justice. Podesta testified about his
efforts to find a job at the UN for a potential witness by the name of Monica
Lewinsky.

In May 2015, Kadzik emailed Podesta with a "heads up" about an upcoming hearing
of the House Judiciary Committee that was likely to include questions about the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He sent it from his personal email
account, preventing the message from ever turning up in a search of official
records.

The FBI investigation into Clinton's emails ended in July without criminal
charges of mishandling classified information. Then in October, agents found
thousands of Clinton emails on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, the
husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Weiner is under investigation for sending
sexual text messages to a teenage girl, and Clinton is under investigation
again, days before the election.

Currently both the FBI and the IRS are investigating the Clinton Foundation.

Upon taking the oath of office, the president becomes the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States, in charge of the Justice Department and federal
law enforcement agencies, including the FBI and the IRS.

What happens if a person who is under federal investigation is elected to the
top job in charge of those agencies?

On Tuesday, we may find out.

Susan Shelley is a columnist for the Southern California News Group. Reach her
at Susan@SusanShelley.com and follow her on Twitter: @Susan_Shelley

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday

Federal probe target in chief?

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 613 words

ABSTRACT

Susan Shelley on Clinton scandals

FULL TEXT

Would you like to know what Bill Clinton discussed with Attorney General Loretta
Lynch during their unscheduled secret meeting aboard her private plane on the
tarmac at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix on June 27?

You're not alone.

The American Center for Law and Justice is suing the U.S. Department of Justice
for the records of that meeting- all messages between Lynch and others about the
meeting, and all communications from Bill Clinton or his staff.

Four days after that airport meeting, Lynch effectively recused herself from
making decisions about criminal charges in the investigation of the private
email server that Hillary Clinton used as secretary of state instead of a
government account. Lynch said she would accept the recommendation of the
professionals on whether to bring criminal charges against anyone for
mishandling classified material.

Today we know that the FBI also had an ongoing investigation into
influence-peddling at the Clinton Foundation. The Wall Street Journal and other
news organizations reported that FBI investigators were prevented by Lynch's
Justice Department from using "aggressive" methods to gather evidence: no grand
jury, no subpoenas, no search warrants.

What happens when the attorney general loses the confidence of the public?

In 1924, the U.S. Senate opened an investigation into Attorney General Harry
Daugherty for failing to prosecute criminal cases in the Warren G. Harding
administration, including the Teapot Dome bribery scandal. Daugherty was forced
to resign.

In 1975, President Richard Nixon's attorney general, John Mitchell, went to
prison for his role in Watergate. He was convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of
justice and perjury.

There's nothing new about political appointees bending the arc of justice toward
re-election. What's new is WikiLeaks, the Napster of political scandal.

According to leaked emails, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik got his job
with the help of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. "Fantastic lawyer. Kept
me out of jail," Podesta wrote in a recommendation.

Kadzik represented Podesta in the special counsel's investigation of President
Bill Clinton for perjury and obstruction of justice. Podesta testified about his
efforts to find a job at the UN for a potential witness by the name of Monica
Lewinsky.

In May 2015, Kadzik emailed Podesta with a "heads up" about an upcoming hearing
of the House Judiciary Committee that was likely to include questions about the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He sent it from his personal email
account, preventing the message from ever turning up in a search of official
records.

The FBI investigation into Clinton's emails ended in July without criminal
charges of mishandling classified information. Then in October, agents found
thousands of Clinton emails on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, the
husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Weiner is under investigation for sending
sexual text messages to a teenage girl, and Clinton is under investigation
again, days before the election.

Currently both the FBI and the IRS are investigating the Clinton Foundation.

Upon taking the oath of office, the president becomes the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States, in charge of the Justice Department and federal
law enforcement agencies, including the FBI and the IRS.

What happens if a person who is under federal investigation is elected to the
top job in charge of those agencies?

On Tuesday, we may find out.

Susan Shelley is a columnist for the Southern California News Group. Reach her
at Susan@SusanShelley.com and follow her on Twitter: @Susan_Shelley

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday

Federal probe target in chief?

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 613 words

ABSTRACT

Susan Shelley on Clinton scandals

FULL TEXT

Would you like to know what Bill Clinton discussed with Attorney General Loretta
Lynch during their unscheduled secret meeting aboard her private plane on the
tarmac at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix on June 27?

You're not alone.

The American Center for Law and Justice is suing the U.S. Department of Justice
for the records of that meeting- all messages between Lynch and others about the
meeting, and all communications from Bill Clinton or his staff.

Four days after that airport meeting, Lynch effectively recused herself from
making decisions about criminal charges in the investigation of the private
email server that Hillary Clinton used as secretary of state instead of a
government account. Lynch said she would accept the recommendation of the
professionals on whether to bring criminal charges against anyone for
mishandling classified material.

Today we know that the FBI also had an ongoing investigation into
influence-peddling at the Clinton Foundation. The Wall Street Journal and other
news organizations reported that FBI investigators were prevented by Lynch's
Justice Department from using "aggressive" methods to gather evidence: no grand
jury, no subpoenas, no search warrants.

What happens when the attorney general loses the confidence of the public?

In 1924, the U.S. Senate opened an investigation into Attorney General Harry
Daugherty for failing to prosecute criminal cases in the Warren G. Harding
administration, including the Teapot Dome bribery scandal. Daugherty was forced
to resign.

In 1975, President Richard Nixon's attorney general, John Mitchell, went to
prison for his role in Watergate. He was convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of
justice and perjury.

There's nothing new about political appointees bending the arc of justice toward
re-election. What's new is WikiLeaks, the Napster of political scandal.

According to leaked emails, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik got his job
with the help of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. "Fantastic lawyer. Kept
me out of jail," Podesta wrote in a recommendation.

Kadzik represented Podesta in the special counsel's investigation of President
Bill Clinton for perjury and obstruction of justice. Podesta testified about his
efforts to find a job at the UN for a potential witness by the name of Monica
Lewinsky.

In May 2015, Kadzik emailed Podesta with a "heads up" about an upcoming hearing
of the House Judiciary Committee that was likely to include questions about the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He sent it from his personal email
account, preventing the message from ever turning up in a search of official
records.

The FBI investigation into Clinton's emails ended in July without criminal
charges of mishandling classified information. Then in October, agents found
thousands of Clinton emails on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, the
husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Weiner is under investigation for sending
sexual text messages to a teenage girl, and Clinton is under investigation
again, days before the election.

Currently both the FBI and the IRS are investigating the Clinton Foundation.

Upon taking the oath of office, the president becomes the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States, in charge of the Justice Department and federal
law enforcement agencies, including the FBI and the IRS.

What happens if a person who is under federal investigation is elected to the
top job in charge of those agencies?

On Tuesday, we may find out.

Susan Shelley is a columnist for the Southern California News Group. Reach her
at Susan@SusanShelley.com and follow her on Twitter: @Susan_Shelley

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday

Federal probe target in chief?

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 613 words

ABSTRACT

Susan Shelley on Clinton scandals

FULL TEXT

Would you like to know what Bill Clinton discussed with Attorney General Loretta
Lynch during their unscheduled secret meeting aboard her private plane on the
tarmac at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix on June 27?

You're not alone.

The American Center for Law and Justice is suing the U.S. Department of Justice
for the records of that meeting- all messages between Lynch and others about the
meeting, and all communications from Bill Clinton or his staff.

Four days after that airport meeting, Lynch effectively recused herself from
making decisions about criminal charges in the investigation of the private
email server that Hillary Clinton used as secretary of state instead of a
government account. Lynch said she would accept the recommendation of the
professionals on whether to bring criminal charges against anyone for
mishandling classified material.

Today we know that the FBI also had an ongoing investigation into
influence-peddling at the Clinton Foundation. The Wall Street Journal and other
news organizations reported that FBI investigators were prevented by Lynch's
Justice Department from using "aggressive" methods to gather evidence: no grand
jury, no subpoenas, no search warrants.

What happens when the attorney general loses the confidence of the public?

In 1924, the U.S. Senate opened an investigation into Attorney General Harry
Daugherty for failing to prosecute criminal cases in the Warren G. Harding
administration, including the Teapot Dome bribery scandal. Daugherty was forced
to resign.

In 1975, President Richard Nixon's attorney general, John Mitchell, went to
prison for his role in Watergate. He was convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of
justice and perjury.

There's nothing new about political appointees bending the arc of justice toward
re-election. What's new is WikiLeaks, the Napster of political scandal.

According to leaked emails, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik got his job
with the help of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. "Fantastic lawyer. Kept
me out of jail," Podesta wrote in a recommendation.

Kadzik represented Podesta in the special counsel's investigation of President
Bill Clinton for perjury and obstruction of justice. Podesta testified about his
efforts to find a job at the UN for a potential witness by the name of Monica
Lewinsky.

In May 2015, Kadzik emailed Podesta with a "heads up" about an upcoming hearing
of the House Judiciary Committee that was likely to include questions about the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He sent it from his personal email
account, preventing the message from ever turning up in a search of official
records.

The FBI investigation into Clinton's emails ended in July without criminal
charges of mishandling classified information. Then in October, agents found
thousands of Clinton emails on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, the
husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Weiner is under investigation for sending
sexual text messages to a teenage girl, and Clinton is under investigation
again, days before the election.

Currently both the FBI and the IRS are investigating the Clinton Foundation.

Upon taking the oath of office, the president becomes the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States, in charge of the Justice Department and federal
law enforcement agencies, including the FBI and the IRS.

What happens if a person who is under federal investigation is elected to the
top job in charge of those agencies?

On Tuesday, we may find out.

Susan Shelley is a columnist for the Southern California News Group. Reach her
at Susan@SusanShelley.com and follow her on Twitter: @Susan_Shelley

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday

Federal probe target in chief?

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 613 words

ABSTRACT

Susan Shelley on Clinton scandals

FULL TEXT

Would you like to know what Bill Clinton discussed with Attorney General Loretta
Lynch during their unscheduled secret meeting aboard her private plane on the
tarmac at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix on June 27?

You're not alone.

The American Center for Law and Justice is suing the U.S. Department of Justice
for the records of that meeting- all messages between Lynch and others about the
meeting, and all communications from Bill Clinton or his staff.

Four days after that airport meeting, Lynch effectively recused herself from
making decisions about criminal charges in the investigation of the private
email server that Hillary Clinton used as secretary of state instead of a
government account. Lynch said she would accept the recommendation of the
professionals on whether to bring criminal charges against anyone for
mishandling classified material.

Today we know that the FBI also had an ongoing investigation into
influence-peddling at the Clinton Foundation. The Wall Street Journal and other
news organizations reported that FBI investigators were prevented by Lynch's
Justice Department from using "aggressive" methods to gather evidence: no grand
jury, no subpoenas, no search warrants.

What happens when the attorney general loses the confidence of the public?

In 1924, the U.S. Senate opened an investigation into Attorney General Harry
Daugherty for failing to prosecute criminal cases in the Warren G. Harding
administration, including the Teapot Dome bribery scandal. Daugherty was forced
to resign.

In 1975, President Richard Nixon's attorney general, John Mitchell, went to
prison for his role in Watergate. He was convicted of conspiracy, obstruction of
justice and perjury.

There's nothing new about political appointees bending the arc of justice toward
re-election. What's new is WikiLeaks, the Napster of political scandal.

According to leaked emails, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik got his job
with the help of Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. "Fantastic lawyer. Kept
me out of jail," Podesta wrote in a recommendation.

Kadzik represented Podesta in the special counsel's investigation of President
Bill Clinton for perjury and obstruction of justice. Podesta testified about his
efforts to find a job at the UN for a potential witness by the name of Monica
Lewinsky.

In May 2015, Kadzik emailed Podesta with a "heads up" about an upcoming hearing
of the House Judiciary Committee that was likely to include questions about the
investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails. He sent it from his personal email
account, preventing the message from ever turning up in a search of official
records.

The FBI investigation into Clinton's emails ended in July without criminal
charges of mishandling classified information. Then in October, agents found
thousands of Clinton emails on a computer belonging to Anthony Weiner, the
husband of Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Weiner is under investigation for sending
sexual text messages to a teenage girl, and Clinton is under investigation
again, days before the election.

Currently both the FBI and the IRS are investigating the Clinton Foundation.

Upon taking the oath of office, the president becomes the chief law enforcement
officer of the United States, in charge of the Justice Department and federal
law enforcement agencies, including the FBI and the IRS.

What happens if a person who is under federal investigation is elected to the
top job in charge of those agencies?

On Tuesday, we may find out.

Susan Shelley is a columnist for the Southern California News Group. Reach her
at Susan@SusanShelley.com and follow her on Twitter: @Susan_Shelley

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 15, 1989, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Getting the safest buys in fresh produce

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 204 words


The grape-tampering incident reported Tuesday has focused new attention on the
issue. But it was a controversial report from the Natural Resources Defense
Council, a non-profit environmental organization, that got people talking in the
first place.

The NRDC report said that our fruits and vegetables contain high levels of
pesticides and pose a serious health risk. But other organizations, including
the Environmental Protection Agency and groups representing the produce
industry, dispute NRDC's report. They say our food supply is safe, and that much
ado is being made over nothing.

Most everyone agrees that fruits and vegetables are healthy foods and shouldn't
be thrown out, but people could handle them better.

In fact, many experts say that mishandling poses a more serious health risk than
pesticide residues - and mishandling not only the produce, but also the
equipment you use to prepare it.

Food scientist Richard Greenberg of the Institute of Food Technologists, for
instance, says microbiological contamination can be a big problem.

He urges people to clean their cutting boards properly and wash their hands
before touching food.

Reported by Nanci Helmich, Kim Painter and Michelle Healy

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Health and Behavior

Ribbon Label; THE FUROR OVER FRUITS AND VEGETABLES; 4

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily Press - Newport

                           January 13, 2005, Thursday

Northrop Grumman Newport News, Va., shipyard faces fine for mishandling waste

BYLINE: By Dave Schleck

LENGTH: 339 words



NEWPORT NEWS, Va. -- The state is fining Northrop Grumman Newport News $ 4,500
for accidentally sending a bag of paint chips to a processing plant that wasn't
officially qualified to handle that type of waste.

The Department of Environmental Quality said the shipyard notified the agency in
October 2003 that it had unintentionally failed to label a bag of paint chips as
hazardous waste. The shipyard sent the bag to an incineration plant in Tennessee
that handles radioactive waste.

A public comment period on the proposed shipyard fine ends Friday, then a DEQ
official will sign the order and require payment within 30 days.

The paint chips came from work on the USS Enterprise and contained chromium, a
hazardous waste with low amounts of radioactivity. Chromium is found in
cigarettes. Prolonged inhalation can cause lung cancer, sinus problems and
bronchitis.

The public was not at risk from the mishandling of the waste, said John Brandt,
DEQ enforcement specialist.

The total amount of radioactivity from the waste, which weighed less than 20
pounds, was less than 10 percent of the amount found in a home smoke detector,
said Jennifer Dellapenta, company spokeswoman.

The shipyard inadvertently switched two bags while sorting through the waste
material, causing the mislabeling of the paint chips, Dellapenta said. The waste
was sealed in a heavy-duty polyurethane bag, about the size of a five-pound
office trash can, and placed in a metal container for truck shipment.

"We were able to retrieve and have the waste treated properly prior to
disposal," she said. "Modifications to the process have been made to minimize
the possibility of this occurring again."

Dellapenta said the shipyard has never before received a state violation notice
for improper shipping of hazardous material. Brandt commended the company for
reporting the error.

"They were very cooperative," he said.


-----

To see more of the Daily Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailypress.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: NN-HAZMAT-20050113

JOURNAL-CODE: NN

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Daily Press - Newport


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Court of Appeals: South Jordan officer was properly fired

BYLINE: By Jessica Miller The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 417 words


A South Jordan police officer accused of mishandling a high-speed chase was
properly fired after the incident, the Utah Court of Appeals ruled Thursday.

After reviewing the May 2009 incident and three other disciplinary actions in
former officer Brett Perez's file, the appeals court sided with the South Jordan
City Appeal Board's decision to affirm his termination.

Perez, a 14-year veteran of the department, was fired by the city on Nov. 12,
2009 for allegedly violating the city's high-speed chase policy incident.

Perez allegedly failed to activate his lights and siren while speeding, and
later failed to activate his siren while passing through a red light at an
intersection, while on a high-speed chase with 41-year-old Wade Pennington on
May 28, 2009.

Perez and another South Jordan officer, Jared Nichols, eventually caught up with
Pennington on a dead-end street and rammed their vehicles into Pennington's.
Both officers exited their vehicles, according to the appeals court, and drew
their weapons. Nichols shot Pennington twice after he "continued to try to
escape," according to the court opinion. Pennington died from the wounds.

Salt Lake County District Attorney Lohra Miller ruled the shooting was
justified, but Pennington's parents leveled a million dollar federal lawsuit
against the cops and the district attorney in 2010, alleging the police used
excessive force and that there was not a proper investigation after the fatal
shooting. The lawsuit was dismissed -- at the stipulation of both parties --
last January.

The appeals court's Thursday decision did not address the fatal shooting, just
Perez's alleged mishandling of the high speed chase prior to when shots were
fired.

After Perez was fired by the city in November 2009, he appealed the termination
to the South Jordan City Appeal Board, which hears the cases of city employees
who believe they've been wrongfully terminated. The board upheld the police
chief's decision to fire Perez, who then appealed to the Utah Court of Appeals
to reverse the city board's decision.

Perez argued that the termination was not proportional to the violations
committed and was inconsistent with sanctions imposed on other officers in
similar circumstances. The appeals board found, however, that given Perez's
disciplinary history -- which included an April 2008 suspension, a July 2008
demotion and a May 2009 verbal admonition -- the police chief's decision to
terminate the officer had adequate support.

jmiller@sltrib.com

Twitter: @jm_miller

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          December 29, 2010 Wednesday

PETA sues U. over animal research records

BYLINE: By Tony Semerad The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 528 words


A leading animal-rights group has accused the University of Utah of violating
state open-records laws by withholding information on how dogs, cats, monkeys
and other animals are used in U. biomedical research laboratories.

In a lawsuit filed last week in 3rd District Court, Virginia-based People for
the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) is contending the U. delayed release of
records on its animal experiments, their funding sources and other information
for almost a year, then handed over heavily censored documents without
explaining why portions were missing.

PETA is suing the U., president Michael K. Young and records officer Gregory
Thompson under the state Government Records Access and Management Act, or GRAMA,
to force them to release the withheld information and refund part of $2,420 in
fees the U. charged to compile the records.

"At every step of the way-- using delays, unjustified redactions and exorbitant
charges -- the U. has tried to stonewall PETA's access to public information
because the university does not want people to know about the routine and
systematic abuse of animals in its laboratories," PETA vice president Kathy
Guillermo said in a statement.

U. public information officer Remi Barron said it was U. policy to not comment
on pending litigation, but added that "the university always follows the law
when it pertains to open-records requests."

In a Jan. 27 response to PETA's initial request, U. lawyers noted there would be
redactions to the documents it sought, based on sections of GRAMA intended to
prevent release of information that could endanger U. employees and facilities
and also to protect sensitive data on proprietary research protocols and
intellectual property.

A year later, PETA's Guillermo says the U. omissions "have nothing to do with
intellectual property or protecting the names of researchers. They are grasping
at straws provided to them under the law."

PETA first sought the records in November 2009 after it publicized findings from
a PETA infiltrator who worked as a U. lab assistant for nine months, while she
amassed extensive written and video evidence that PETA claimed showed
mistreatment and mishandling of a wide variety of animals in U. labs.

The exposé led to a review of U. facilities and practices by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture and the National Institutes of Health. The agencies eventually
noted minor violations of federal animal-welfare laws, including overcrowding of
caged mice, mishandling of a kitten that subsequently died, and failure to
provide companionship for a dying primate.

Publicity from the PETA investigation also led to the overturning of a state law
that had required Utah animal shelters to sell dogs and cats to the university
for experiments upon request.

PETA recently won a related open-records case filed in January against Davis
County, after county officials refused to release records on dogs and cats sold
to the U. by the Davis County animal shelter. A judge last week ordered the
county to hand over intake forms and transfer records on about 100 animals, as
well as to pay more than $17,000 in legal fees. Alt Heads:

PETA sues U. over animal research records

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   June 6, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

JUDGE STEPS DOWN IN WEN HO LEE CASE PHYSICIST REMAINS JAILED, CHARGED WITH
MISHANDLING SECRETS

BYLINE: DAN STOBER, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 508 words


The judge in the case of jailed Los Alamos physicist Wen Ho Lee threw a surprise
into the proceedings Monday by announcing that he was removing himself from the
nuclear-secrets case.

U.S. District Court Judge John Conway is stepping into semi-retirement and
handing the case off to another judge. By chance, the case was randomly
reassigned to James Parker, the federal judge who presided over Lee's lengthy
bail hearing in Albuquerque last December.

Because Parker is already familiar with the complicated case, "he can probably
be up to speed in two weeks," Conway said in an interview.

"I don't really expect it to cause any delay," agreed Nancy Hollander, one of
Lee's defense attorneys.

Lee's trial had been scheduled to begin Nov. 6, but it will now be up to Parker
to set a date.

Lee was indicted in December on 59 counts of mishandling secret information at
Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, where he had worked for 20 years
developing computer codes used in the design of nuclear weapons.

He is alleged to have illegally moved highly sensitive codes to an unclassified
network that was connected to the Internet. Federal prosecutors charged that the
codes were vulnerable to theft or espionage.

Additionally, Lee copied the codes onto small portable data tapes, seven of
which have not been found. Although Lee has not been charged with espionage,
Parker ruled that he could be held in jail without bail, after prosecutors
argued that Lee might be a spy.

Prosecutors, however, have refused to say which country they believe he might be
spying for. Defense attorneys have filed motions demanding that the government
be more specific. Both China and Taiwan have been mentioned; the defense has
noted that the two states are bitter rivals, and argued that it is not likely
that Lee, who was born in Taiwan, spied for both.

It will now be up to Parker, rather than Conway, to rule on that issue and
others. A Wednesday hearing on another defense motion, to prevent the government
from using evidence seized from Lee's home, has been canceled.

Conway will soon turn 66, making him eligible for "senior status," a position
that allows him to work part time and choose his cases.

He did not relish the idea of presiding over a lengthy trial. "The Wen Ho Lee
case will probably be a three-month case," he said. "I tried the longest case in
the history of New Mexico (a six-month drug trial), and I probably don't need a
three-month case."

The judge said he realizes he will be missing an interesting case.

Conway's departure is the second recent shake-up in the closely watched
proceedings. Robert Gorence, who had been the lead prosecutor for the
U.S.Attorney's office, was moved to a lesser position last month.

The government effort is now led by Assistant U.S. Attorney George Stamboulidis,
a veteran of organized crime cases in New York. Gorence remains on the team.

The defense team consists of Hollander and her law partner in Albuquerque, John
Cline, and Los Angeles lawyer Mark Holscher.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 17, 1999, Wednesday

NAB BOYS IN MOLEST AT SCHOOL

BYLINE: By Mike Claffey

SECTION: News; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 153 words


Five boys, ages 11 and 12, have been arrested for allegedly molesting a
12-year-old girl in the stairwell of their Brooklyn school, authorities said
yesterday.

The boys were charged with sexual abuse Monday, three days after the alleged
incident at Intermediate School 211 in Canarsie.

The suspects, students at the E. 100th St. school, cornered the victim in a
stairwell about 1:30 p.m. Friday and fondled her, police said.

The girl told her mother about the incident that day, and the mother reported it
to police.

Special schools investigator Edward Stancik is looking into whether school
officials properly handled the complaint.

"There was an allegation of mishandling of a sexual assault complaint, and we
are investigating," said Stancik spokesman Brian Fleming, who did not elaborate.

A Board of Education spokesman said she was not aware of the nature of the
allegation of mishandling.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 13, 1999, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Coalition Fears An Asian Bias In Nuclear Case

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1262 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12


More than a dozen Asian-American organizations are forming an ad hoc coalition
to speak out on behalf of the scientist indicted on charges of mishandling
nuclear weapons secrets, fearing he has been unfairly singled out because of his
Chinese descent.

Various Asian-American groups, including the National Asian Pacific American Bar
Association, the Chinese Physics Association and the Asian American
Manufacturers Association, continued discussions today after holding a
three-hour telephone conference following the arrest of the scientist, Wen Ho
Lee.

Many Asian-Americans said a growing sense of outrage over the way Dr. Lee had
been arrested had served as a catalyst for several of the groups, many that have
shunned political involvement in the past.

Dr. Lee, who is being held without bail in New Mexico pending a court hearing on
Monday, was indicted on Friday on charges that he had improperly removed
American nuclear secrets from the Los Alamos National Laboratory.

"We're going to support him morally and monetarily," said Bill Chang, president
of the Chinese-American Engineers and Scientists Association of Southern
California, which has a thousand members.

"I'm not saying he's not a criminal, but that this has to be proved beyond a
reasonable doubt and the process has to be fair," Mr. Chang said. "From what
I've seen so far, this looks like prejudice and overkill."

"We've never done anything like this before, but I've been getting a lot of
calls from our members," Mr. Chang said. "They're very scared and angry. They're
really upset about what this means for them."

Henry Tang, the chairman of the Committee of 100, an organization of prominent
Chinese-Americans and a leader of the nascent coalition, also said the issue was
not innocence or guilt, but racism.

"Remember, this man is a nuclear scientist," Mr. Tang said. "He was being given
worse, shabbier treatment than a drug dealer."

Mr. Tang said the coalition's plans were not certain yet, but for now it would
be analyzing the legal case and raising money for Dr. Lee's defense, and
expected to speak out against any instances in which there appeared to be unfair
treatment.

On Friday, Dr. Lee's lawyer called the charges "groundless," but prosecutors
called the security breaches significant threats to American security. The
charges could bring a sentence of life in prison.

Investigators said much of the information Dr. Lee removed was still missing,
since he copied the data onto portable computer tapes.

Members of the Asian-American groups say they are concerned that in spite of a
long investigation Dr. Lee was charged with transferring highly sensitive
nuclear weapons data from secure computers but was not charged with espionage.
Dr. Lee has previously denied that he was a spy.

"If you look at the indictment, this looks like 59 counts of downloading," Mr.
Tang said. "He looks like a scapegoat. This has brought a lot of different
forces together, people who have not spoken much before. Catalyst is the right
word."

Several people wondered why, if such security violations were common, as Dr. Lee
has maintained, he was singled out for prosecution.

"I'm deeply suspicious of the way they went about this," said Tina Hsu, a lawyer
in Washington who is Chinese-American. "He's not even charged with spying. He's
been charged with mishandling information. He seems like a sacrificial lamb."

"I would not have a problem if they came up with hard facts of espionage. That's
wrong and I wouldn't defend him just because he's Asian-American," Ms Hsu said.
"But I'm suspicious that after all these investigations all they could prove was
mishandling the information."

Victor Hwang, a lawyer here who previously worked at the Democratic National
Committee, said, "I liken this to racial profiling. It's the same thing. If
people think this has upset just the political activists and not the mainstream
of Asian-Americans, they're wrong."

When Dr. Lee was dismissed from his job at Los Alamos in March, and was cited in
news reports as a suspected spy for China many Asian-Americans said they became
worried that he had fallen under suspicion because of his race and not because
of substantial evidence. As a native of Taiwan, Dr. Lee would be expected to
oppose the communist regime in Beijing, members of the coalition said.

Anger in the United States toward China and its repressive government, members
of the coalition said, has fueled unwarranted suspicions of Asian-Americans.

Dr. Lee's arrest on Friday, which meant that he had to spend the weekend in jail
awaiting a bail hearing, and the fact that the 59-count indictment included no
charges of espionage, has only heightened those fears.

Several said Asian-American scientists and academics had been expressing worries
that their career prospects had been damaged by the case because of unwarranted
questions about their loyalty.

"I've spoken with three or four people personally who feel their career chances
have been damaged, and I've heard of a number of other such reports," said
Stewart Kwoh, the executive director of the Asian Pacific American Legal Center
of Southern California. "We're worried this might be a case of selective
prosecution. Our question is if other people committed the same kind of
violations."

He added, "People are tired of the sense that they are looked at as permanent
foreigners."

Some of the responses to Dr. Lee's arrest were strikingly emotional.

Cecilia Chang, a friend of Dr. Lee and his family, cried as she asked how a
country that stood for freedom and fairness could prosecute a man who, she said,
was a simple family man devoted to his adopted country. Ms. Chang has helped put
together a legal defense fund and, she said, it has raised $11,000 in the last
several months

Several Asian-Americans said the event merely brought to a head four years of
growing anger at the way they were being treated and portrayed in the media.

The concern began in the last presidential campaign, when several fund-raisers
of Asian descent pleaded guilty to charges that they had arranged or made
illegal contributions to President Clinton's campaign.

Once those instances surfaced, the Democratic Party as well as the Federal
Bureau of Investigation began to question many Asian-Americans about their
contributions, stirring anger that they had fallen under suspicion merely
because of their last names.

"As far as catalysts go, I think we're up to our neck in catalysts," Mr. Hwang
said. "People are angry. There's a big push going on for more political
involvement, and I think it's working."

That is why several people said the discussions about forming a coalition among
the Asian-American groups this weekend were so important.

"It was not just Wen Ho Lee on the agenda," Mr. Tang said. "It was the overall
impact this is having on the Asian-American community."

While Dr. Lee's arrest was the culmination of an F.B.I. investigation into his
computer activities that began in March, the espionage inquiry that first
brought Dr. Lee to the government's attention is continuing at a much slower
pace.

The government stumbled onto evidence of Dr. Lee's unauthorized computer
transfers because he was under investigation in connection with an inquiry into
evidence that China may have stolen secret data related to America's most
advanced nuclear warhead, the W-88, which was designed at Los Alamos.

That investigation began in early 1995. By 1996, when the F.B.I. opened a formal
criminal investigation, Dr. Lee had emerged as a suspect.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Wen Ho Lee, who was arrested on Friday, faces a hearing today.
(Associated Press)(pg. A30)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Disbarred attorney pleads guilty to $300,000 embezzlement scheme

BYLINE: Jeff Jeffrey

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 450  words


Former Winston-Salem attorney Robert Keller Leonard, who was disbarred 10 years
ago for mishandling a client's money, has pleaded guilty to embezzlement charges
after admitting he stole $300,000 from an elderly man who survived cancer and
needs oxygen to live.

On Dec. 12, Forsyth County prosecutors charged Leonard, 72, with three counts of
embezzlement and one count of obtaining property by false pretenses. He pleaded
guilty to those charges the next day, the Winston-Salem Journal reported.

According to prosecutors, Leonard's embezzlement scheme ran from 2011 to 2015,
while he was serving as trustee of a fund set up to cover the medical expenses
of 61-year-old Robert Grayson.

Grayson's father, Theodore Grayson, created the fund in 2003 to cover his son's
medical care. But when Theodore Grayson died, Leonard took over as trustee of
the $604,000 fund.

Leonard allegedly began pulling money out of the account, eventually using
hundreds of thousands of dollars for his own benefit. Leonard allegedly spent
$139,336 from the trust account to buy 3,495 silver coins, which he allegedly
told Robert Grayson would be an investment. But prosecutors said Leonard
actually sold the coins and kept the money for himself. Only a handful of the
coins was recovered after Leonard's scheme was discovered.

Leonard also used the trust account to buy a house, which he allegedly claimed
would be rented out to bring more money to the trust account. However, Leonard
moved into the house himself.

Leonard also allegedly cashed checks back into the trust account to cover his
tracks.

Prosecutors said the scheme was ultimately discovered when Robert Grayson
attempted to buy oxygen, only to be told his check had bounced.

Under a plea deal, Leonard was sentenced to four years and 10 months to six
years and 10 months in prison. He also was ordered to pay a $300,000 civil
judgment.

Mark Jones, Leonard's attorney, said in court that the plea was the best way to
resolve the case, according to the Winston-Salem Journal.. Efforts to reach
Jones for additional comment were not immediately successful.

The criminal charges related to the Grayson trust fund were not the first time
Leonard has gotten in trouble.

Leonard was disbarred in 2005 after he was found to have mishandling a client's
case.

According to disciplinary records, Leonard represented Betty Wilson on a
personal injury claim in 1999. He secured a $52,000 settlement for her without
filing a lawsuit.

Records say that money was put into a trust account, which Leonard allegedly
used for his own benefit.

Follow Jeff Jeffrey on Twitter @NCLWJeffrey

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               July 29, 2003 Tuesday Five Star Late Lift Edition

LIEBERMAN TARGETS DEMOCRATIC RIVALS WHO QUESTION IRAQ WAR

BYLINE: Deirdre Shesgreen Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Sen. Joseph Lieberman took sharp aim Monday at his presidential rivals for
questioning the Iraq war, even as he launched his own broadside against the Bush
administration for what he said was its mishandling of Iraqi intelligence and a
lack of postwar planning.

Lieberman, D-Conn., among the staunchest proponents of ousting Saddam Hussein,
said Monday that President George W. Bush's "conduct of our foreign policy is
giving the country good reason to question his leadership."

Saying the Bush administration "threatens to give a just war a bad name,"
Lieberman accused the White House of badly mishandling the post-Saddam
reconstruction efforts.

Because of "inadequate" planning, he said, "The worst weapons may have slipped
onto the open market. Very few nations have come to our side. American soldiers
are being killed with painful frequency."

In a series of escalating attacks in recent weeks, all the Democratic candidates
have seized on the controversy over the administration's intelligence
misstatements, raising pointed questions about the president's credibility and
his broader approach to foreign policy.

The criticism reached a crescendo last week, when Rep. Richard Gephardt, D-Mo.,
and Sen. John Kerry, D- Mass., assailed the administration on its handling of
the intelligence on Iraq and the continuing postwar chaos.

But just as Democrats seemed poised to present a united front on an issue that
sharply divided them in the lead-up to the war, Lieberman's remarks opened up a
new rift.

His comments exposed the continuing chasm between centrist Democrats who want to
project their party as strong on defense and liberal candidates who are courting
party activists where anti-war sentiment runs strong.

In a Washington speech that seemed designed to solidify his position as the most
hawkish candidate in the field, Lieberman suggested Monday that some of his
rivals had gone too far.

While Bush's assertions were "either misleading or untrue," that misstep doesn't
undermine the broader validity of the war, Lieberman said.

"Some in my party threaten to send a message that they don't know a just war
when they see it," Lieberman said. "We have watched some opponents of the war
seize upon this emerging scandal with a disquieting zeal, as though it offers
proof that they were right all along."

Rep. Dennis Kucinich, D-Ohio, and Sen. Bob Graham, have been among the most
consistent and vocal critics of the war, though Lieberman didn't mention them by
name.

He did single out former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean for a statement he made last
week. After the deaths of Saddam's two sons, Dean told reporters, "I think, in
general, the ends do not justify the means."

Lieberman also criticized those "who supported the war (last fall) but now seem
to have forgotten why," a reference to Kerry and Gephardt.

Dean shrugged off Lieberman's criticism and reiterated his opposition to the
war, saying, "Every day it becomes clearer that this was the wrong war at the
wrong time."

Kim Molstre, a spokeswoman for Gephardt, said: "Senator Lieberman should go back
and read the speech that Dick gave less than a week ago, where he clearly
outlines his reasons for supporting the (Iraq war) resolution in the first place
and for continuing to support it."

In that speech, Gephardt said he made "no apologies" for supporting the war and
he believed weapons of mass destruction would be found in Iraq.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Deirdre Shesgreen:; E-mail: dshesgreen@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
202-298-6880

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo headshot - (Joseph) Lieberman; "Inadequate" planning

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday

Woodward says election will open Washington

BYLINE: EARL KELLY; Staff Writer

SECTION: ARUNDEL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 867  words


CATONSVILLE - The greatest threat our nation faces is secret government, but
Tuesday's election will help open the Washington process to public view,
acclaimed journalist Bob Woodward said last night.

He was speaking at a lecture sponsored by the Annapolis and Anne Arundel County
Chamber of Commerce.

"What should we worry about as citizens more than anything else?" Mr. Woodward
asked the audience of about 700 gathered at the University of Maryland Baltimore
County field house. "The thing to worry about is secret government. (Richard)
Nixon practiced secret government, and we have brushed up against it in this
(Bush) administration in the Iraq war. And it is so dangerous."

Evidence of the shift caused by Tuesday's election came yesterday afternoon,
when President Bush ousted controversial Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.

Mr. Woodward said he "suspects" James Baker, Secretary of State under President
George H.W. Bush, recommended former CIA director Robert Gates to replace Mr.
Rumsfeld.

After Tuesday's elections, where the Democrats took the House of Representatives
and the Senate, the administration will be forced to be more open in its
handling of the Iraq War, Mr. Woodward said.

"It is clear the election is an election on Bush, it was a protest vote," said
Mr. Woodward, who noted that some people will find it painful to watch Congress
and the White House fight it out during the next two years.

"It is going to be a difficult process to go through without a lot of
finger-pointing, without a lot of blame; this is the process I dread," he said.

Mr. Woodward, an assistant managing editor at The Washington Post who maintains
a weekend home in Edgewater, said Americans love open government, and the best
thing President Bush could do would be to admit mishandling the war effort.

"Bush could say 'I really believed in this war ... but we undertook a much
greater task than I ever imagined.' " His poll numbers would shoot up at that
point because he would be the voice of realism," Mr. Woodward said.

The journalist also praised the roughly

Bush ousted controversial Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.

Mr. Woodward said he "suspects" James Baker, Secretary of State under President
George H.W. Bush, recommended former CIA director Robert Gates to replace Mr.
Rumsfeld.

After Tuesday's elections, where the Democrats took the House of Representatives
and the Senate, the administration will be forced to be more open in its
handling of the Iraq War, Mr. Woodward said.

"It is clear the election is an election on Bush, it was a protest vote," said
Mr. Woodward, who noted that some people will find it painful to watch Congress
and the White House fight it out during the next two years.

"It is going to be a difficult process to go through without a lot of
finger-pointing, without a lot of blame; this is the process I dread," he said.

Mr. Woodward, an assistant managing editor at The Washington Post who maintains
a weekend home in Edgewater, said Americans love open government, and the best
thing President Bush could do would be to admit mishandling the war effort.

"Bush could say 'I really believed in this war ... but we undertook a much
greater task than I ever imagined.' " His poll numbers would shoot up at that
point because he would be the voice of realism," Mr. Woodward said.

The journalist also praised the roughly

140,000 service members in Iraq, and said American military and civilian leaders
know we cannot win the war the way we have been fighting it.

"What do we owe those 140,000 people? ... We owe them everything," said Mr.
Woodward, who choked up when telling about his visit to Section 60 at Arlington
National Cemetery, where Iraq war dead are buried.

"On the most fundamental level, we have not told them the truth," he said of our
involvement in a civil war that we helped cause.

Audience members praised Mr. Woodward's hour-long talk.

"I thought he was very, very objective," said Leslie Premo, a UMBC student and
former Army sergeant.

"He has a different angle of Bush as an actual person," Ms. Premo said of Mr.
Woodward's statements that Mr. Bush is sincere in his efforts and believes he
has a "duty to spread democracy."

Richard McClure, who lives in Lothian and works in Annapolis, said: "I thought
this was going to be a very timely lecture."

Mr. McClure said Mr. Bush has a great ability to stay focused, but frequently
misses the obvious.

"Blinders; that is Bush's strength and weakness," he said.

The lecture was part of The Maryland Forum, a joint effort of the Annapolis and
Anne Arundel County Chamber of Commerce and the University of Maryland Baltimore
County.

The series included a talk last month by Ehud Barak, former Prime Minister of
Israel. Future lectures include baseball great Cal Ripkin and former Vice
President Al Gore.

Tickets for the lectures are $25 and $35.

"The reason we are dedicated to putting together this lecture series was to
bring world-renowned leaders and thinkers to our regional backyard ... at
affordable prices ... and to raise our chamber's visibility," chamber chairman
Fred Sussman said at a VIP dinner that preceded the lecture.

---

For information about the lecture series, visit www.themarylandforum.com or call
866-493-6786.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Texas Rangers find no criminal activity in Goliad money mismanagement

BYLINE: J.R. Ortega, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


May 31--A more than half-year investigation by law enforcement into the city of
Goliad's mishandling of $1 million of public money has concluded.

Officials concluded that no felonies were committed, District Attorney Michael
Sheppard said Friday.

The investigation into the city's municipal development district was conducted
by the Texas Rangers and an FBI agent retained by the district attorney's
office.

A 2013 Advocate investigation found the development district was riddled with
poor record-keeping, questionable loan practices and missing documents.

Before the Texas Rangers could close the investigation, Sheppard had to complete
his analysis of the city's banking records.

No further investigation is being discussed, Sheppard said.

Goliad City Administrator Larry Zermeno said he was "elated" with the
conclusion.

"It's what we expected," he said. "Since day one, we've welcomed the
investigation. We can make mistakes like anyone else."

In September, Sheppard brought in the Texas Rangers to conduct the
investigation.

Sheppard said it would be hard to know what the Rangers found specifically.

"Things can be bad policy and bad politics and not be a felony," he said. "It's
up to the public to decide what they view as acceptable."

To pursue a local investigation, Sheppard said, would have been a Catch-22,
meaning either the outcome would be seen by the public as being swept under the
rug or as authorities charging themselves to cover themselves up.

Investigations, however, are never technically closed, he added.

"This is why we asked the Rangers to do it," he said. "It's more objective. They
don't know any of the players."

Goliad resident Linda Powell, who brought the mishandling to the public's
attention about a year ago, was not surprised by the findings.

"It's almost like a whitewashing of everything, and the citizens deserve better
than that," Powell said.

Powell said she thinks the investigation was limited because she has the paper
trail showing the mismanagement and does not understand how something felonious
could not have been uncovered.

"It's as clear as the day is long," she said of the money errors. "If you don't
turn over every stone, you are not going to find the problems."

___ (c)2014 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140531-VI-Texas-Rangers-find-no-criminal-activity-in-Goliad-money-mismanagemen
t-0531-20140531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2014 Victoria Advocate


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              December 15, 1999, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

REASONABLE DOUBT ABOUT MR. LEE

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. C14

LENGTH: 461 words



CHINESE SPYING

WHAT the government doesn't know about spying at the Los Alamos National lab is
more disturbing than what it claims to know in its 59-count indictment of Wen Ho
Lee.

Mr. Lee, an American citizen born in Taiwan, was arrested on Friday for
mishandling nuclear secrets as a scientist at the government's premier nuclear
lab. But, even as it indicted Mr. Lee, the government admitted it did not know
if he had turned over any information to the Chinese and said that any of
several hundred other persons could have instead.

Mr. Lee, who pleaded not guilty on Monday, has admitted downloading classified
information from a secure computer to an open computer and copying secret files
onto computer tapes. What Mr. Lee does not admit -- and prosecutors will have a
hard time proving -- is criminal intent.

Mishandling classified secrets is fairly common, but seldom prosecuted.  John
Deutch, the former CIA director, admitted to improperly handling classified data
on his computer, but he was not charged.

John L. Martin, a former head of the Justice Department's espionage section,
told the Los Angeles Times that the government will have a hard time making a
case. "You have to have a story to tell a jury," Mr. Martin said. Without
knowing what happened to the data, prosecutors will find it difficult to
convince a jury to send Mr. Lee to prison, possibly for life.

One former federal prosecutor remarked to the Times, "The thicker the
indictment, the thinner the evidence," a remark that supports the impression of
overkill fueled by the prosecutors' heavy-handed attempt to hold Mr. Lee without
bail, even though he has never shown signs of fleeing.

Ironically, the FBI investigation at Los Alamos had been moving away from Mr.
Lee. The Associated Press reported that the FBI in Albuquerque, N.M., told
headquarters earlier this year that Mr. Lee did not appear to be responsible for
leaking secret information about the W-88 nuclear warhead, which China is
apparently trying to copy.

A presidential review board also criticized the FBI for having focused too soon
on Mr. Lee. It turns out that about 250 people each year had access to the W-88
data. As a result of the criticism, Attorney General Janet Reno broadened the
investigation earlier this fall to check out other possible sources of the
leaks.

Some Asian-American groups suspect the early focus on Mr. Lee resulted from
ethnic bias. However, the Justice Department insists it has new evidence against
Mr. Lee and that his taping of nuclear data was more extensive than previously
thought. Prosecutors will have a chance to prove that in court. Until then,
there is a reason to doubt whether Mr. Lee is as much a danger to the country as
he is cracked up to be.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           December 16, 2004 Thursday
                                 SECOND EDITION

EDGEWOOD VOWS TO OPEN UP ON CAMPUS CRIMES;
IN THE WAKE OF COMPLAINTS, THE COLLEGE SAYS IT WILL WORK MORE CLOSELY WITH LAW
ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS.

BYLINE: Karen Rivedal Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: LOCAL/WISCONSIN; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 830 words


Edgewood College officials promised Wednesday to better warn the public about
crimes on campus and change other safety procedures after student complaints
about the handling of two reports of forcible sexual offenses in a dorm earlier
this year.

"It didn't dawn on us to tell anybody (about the two incidents) who didn't
already know about it," said Maggie Balistreri-Clarke, Edgewood's dean of
students. "I'd really like to strengthen the communication we give to the larger
(campus) community."

In addition, the college in early November began keeping a public crime log of
reported incidents that students can access. Such a log has been required by
federal law since 1988, but Edgewood had never done it, Balistreri-Clarke
acknowledged Wednesday.

Edgewood College will work more closely with Madison police and the Dane County
Rape Crisis Center, she added, when deciding what to tell the public and when to
call police.

"If we believe there's a serious threat to the community, we call the police,"
Balistreri-Clarke said, adding that alleged victims also are told they can
contact police. "But we have to balance that with concerns for the privacy and
safety of victims. As a result of all this, I have asked my director of security
to help us develop firmer guidelines."

News of two reported sexual offenses on campus -- both in the college's Stevie
Hall -- became public when the student newspaper, On the Edge, published an
investigation last week. The article was critical of Edgewood's handling of the
incidents and the punishment reportedly handed out to the two men accused in the
May 6 and Jan. 31 incidents.

Both men are college athletes and still attend Edgewood, Balistreri-Clarke said.

"Any implication that we would try to cover up or evade the law or not work to
be in compliance with the law is just utterly baseless," Balistreri-Clarke said.

Mishandling' of incidents

But Brianna Donovan, who wrote the article with Tricia Israel, faulted college
officials for not warning the public and for asking the accusers and accused in
each incident to sign "no-contact" agreements.

In the agreements, which are not legally binding, the students pledged not to
talk about the incidents to anyone other than a counselor, close friend, police
or college investigators.

"It's obvious there's been mishandling by college officials of these incidents,"
Donovan said Wednesday.

Federal law requires "timely warnings" about serious crimes on campus, but it
also gives colleges discretion about whether to warn at all, Balistreri-Clarke
noted.

In both incidents this year, college officials did not believe the general
public was at risk. Balistreri-Clarke also argued that generic warnings about
"date rape-type situations" may not be very useful for students if the chances
are slim that the alleged perpetrator -- who would not be named because of
privacy rights -- will hurt someone else at random.

But in the future, she said, the college will issue warnings with basic details
about an incident, such as where and when it happened, with the alleged victim's
consent.

Balistreri-Clarke also defended the use of no-contact agreements, which she said
protected both parties in an alleged assault and prevented destructive gossip at
a small college. That practice will continue in "some form," she said.

Donovan said Edgewood students are "really irate," views they expressed during a
forum sponsored by the college Tuesday that drew about 70 students.

Students express views

"Students want to know they will be protected," Donovan said. "... We don't have
a college (judicial) system that tries to prove people guilty. It tries to
please the victim and please the perpetrator."

Federal laws regarding student privacy prohibit college officials from releasing
details about the alleged crimes, including the names of those involved.
Balistreri-Clarke said the laws also prevent Edgewood from revealing how the
cases were resolved and what punishments, if any, were handed out.

College officials noted that the term "forcible sex offense" is very broad,
including a range from forced intercourse to unwelcome touching of another
clothed person with no overt violence. Among sexual crimes, only statutory rape
and incest do not fall under this category.

Balistreri-Clarke said she could confirm that campus investigations took place
in both incidents and were resolved in some fashion.

Madison police still are investigating the January incident after the alleged
victim in that case recently agreed to talk with officers, Madison Police
Officer Emily Samson said.

The alleged victim in the January incident called Madison police after she
returned to her dorm room from the room of the man she says assaulted her. That
room is on a different floor of Stevie Hall.

Police were not called for the second incident, in which the accused man
allegedly walked into the woman's room through an unlocked door. The incidents
reportedly involved drinking by the alleged assailant or the alleged victim or
both.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  A similar version of the story appeared in the first edition on page B1.
The headline was the same.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           February 14, 2016, Sunday

FREEDOM INDUSTRIES SPILL;
Sentencing guidelines playing role in outcome

BYLINE: Ken Ward Jr., Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 2013 words


Just short of a year after the January 2014 Elk River chemical spill, then-U.S.
Attorney Booth Goodwin stood behind a podium at the federal courthouse in
Charleston and announced the filing of criminal charges against Freedom
Industries and six former Freedom officials, alleging a collection of water
pollution crimes that caused the spill.

Surrounded by assistant prosecutors, agents from the FBI and investigators from
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency at that Dec. 17, 2014, press
conference, Goodwin said that the charges - a rare prosecution of top corporate
officers for environmental pollution - would send a strong message to industry
officials around West Virginia.

"If you place our water at risk, you face prison time, Goodwin, who resigned
last month to run for governor, said later.

Things haven't worked out quite the way Goodwin suggested they would. Five of
the six Freedom defendants have been sentenced, and just one of them has been
ordered to serve any jail time. And that sentence, to former Freedom President
and co-owner Dennis Farrell, is for just 30 days.

U.S. District Judge Thomas Johnston has given the other four Freedom officials -
Robert Reynolds, Michael Burdette, William Tis and Charles Herzing - probation
and fines, but no time behind bars. Johnston has cited the misdemeanor nature of
the water pollution crimes each of the men has pleaded guilty of and commented
during each sentencing hearing that the defendant in question was "hardly a
criminal.

It's true that the plea agreements, completed while Goodwin was still the
district's top prosecutor, limited the potential maximum sentences for Freedom
officials. Felony charges, if brought and proven, could have produced longer
potential jail time - something Johnston has also noted in each sentencing
hearing. And in the end, the ultimate decision on sentencing, at least up to the
statutory maximum, is still an area left entirely to the judge's discretion.

But also playing a role in the process is a somewhat mysterious, and in many
ways unknown to the public, set of advisory standards, called the U.S.
Sentencing Guidelines, that the federal courts use to at least give judges,
prosecutors and defendants some sort of recommendations about sentencing for
various crimes.

The guidelines basically work like this: Categories of crimes are assigned a
basic "offense level. The offense level is then increased - or potentially
decreased - based on a variety of specific characteristics of the particular
crime in question. Eventually, a total offense level is calculated, and that's
plugged into a "sentencing table that gives a range of potential prison time for
judges to consider. Judges don't have to follow the recommendations, but they
are at least supposed to calculate it. And during sentencing hearings, judges
will often explain why they are following or not following the recommendations.
The guidelines can also help judges justify their sentences, and insulate their
decisions from appeals.

In the Freedom cases, the judge, prosecutors, defense lawyers and the U.S.
Probation Office have all agreed that a particular guideline for "mishandling of
other environmental pollutants, should be their starting point. That guideline
assigns a "base offense level of six.

Other parts of the guidelines - for "mishandling of hazardous or toxic
substances and for "knowing endangerment resulting from mishandling hazardous or
toxic substances, would have started the Freedom officials out with higher base
offense levels of eight and 24.

But the individual Freedom defendants didn't plead to knowing violations of
environmental laws. And while MCHM was listed on Freedom's own documents as
being "hazardous under U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration
standards, Acting U.S. Attorney Carol Casto said that her office didn't think
the "hazardous or toxic sentencing guideline should be used because MCHM wasn't
specifically listed as hazardous under various environmental laws or included
specifically on an OSHA table of hazardous materials.

Last week, during a sentencing hearing for Farrell, former Kanawha Valley
activist Maya Nye questioned the use of the "other environmental pollutants
guideline for the Freedom cases. Johnston did not respond or explain his
thinking on the matter.

The guideline the judge is using allows for an increase in the offense level for
several reasons, such as if the crime involved the disruption of a public
utility or if it "resulted in substantial likelihood of death or serious bodily
injury.

The court has not applied, and prosecutors have not publicly advocated for, some
potential increases in offense levels. For example, no one has publicly talked
about including the 11-level increase that can be applied if the spill "resulted
in a substantial likelihood of death or serious bodily injury.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Clint Carte, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office,
said officials there didn't think that enhancement should apply. They cited a
report by the state Bureau for Public Health that concluded that, while hundreds
of people sought medical attention after to MCHM from the spill, the symptoms
involved "appeared to be mild and resolved with minimal treatment. Johnston has
dismissed MCHM exposure as being "an immediate irritant and said no evidence has
been presented to him showing any long-term effects.

So far, prosecutors in the sentencing hearings have not presented witnesses or
evidence - whether from spill victims or scientific experts - about the impacts
of the exposure. During Farrell's sentencing, Nye described some of the research
that so far raises questions about whether MCHM exposure does involve long-term
effects, and told Johnston stories about serious effects from short-term
exposure. The judge said he didn't consider Nye's comments "evidence in the
case. Johnston refused to read a letter from another local resident that also
detailed scientific findings, saying it had been provided to the court too late
in the process.

Also in the Freedom cases, none of the corporate officers or owners have been
subject to an offense level enhancement for "abuse of a position of trust, that
is often applied to individual defendants who had "professional or managerial
discretion.

Prosecutors and defense lawyers in the Freedom cases have argued over how a
potential increase in offense level for the type of discharge should be applied.
If the crime resulted in an "ongoing, continuous or repetitive discharge,
release or emission of a pollutant into the environment, the offense level is to
be increased by six points. Other kinds of discharges increase the offense level
by four points.

Johnston said he believed the discharge was not "ongoing, continuous or
repetitive. Defense lawyers agreed. Assistant U.S. Attorney Phil Wright argued
that the discharge began on Jan. 9 and continued until at least Jan. 23 and
perhaps until Jan. 30. Wright did not raise the findings of the U.S. Chemical
Safety Board, which said the release likely started before Jan. 9, but that
board investigators weren't sure how long before. The judge stuck with his view,
and included only the four-point increase in offense level.

In the end, the judge calculated total offense levels of 15 for Reynolds,
Burdette, Tis and Herzing. Each started with a base level of six and added four
points for a discharge, four points for disrupting a public utility, and four
points for a permit violation. Each got three points taken off for acceptance of
responsibility.

The offense level of 15 produced a recommended sentence range of 18 to 24 months
for each of the four men.

But that number ended up not really mattering that much, if at all. Casto and
Wright made motions in each case asking Johnston for a lower offense level - of
eight - to give the defendants credit for providing "substantial assistance to
investigators. Wright said that Tis, Burdette, Herzing and Reynolds had helped
the government to prepare cases against Farrell and former Freedom President
Gary Southern.

The offense level of eight produced a recommended sentence range for the four
men of zero to six months in jail.

Johnston went with the lowest end of that range. In doing so, though, the judge
referred back to the guidelines. He noted that the specific "offense
characteristics - public utility disruption, violation of a permit - that bumped
up the offense range for each of the men were really meant to be applied to
"knowing crimes. For negligence offenses that implied no criminal intent, the
judge noted, a decrease in offense level may be warranted under the guidelines,
the judge said.

That provision for a decrease became more important last week, when Johnston
sentenced Farrell. Farrell was the "last one in, or the final of the six Freedom
officials to enter into a plea agreement. Prosecutors didn't ask for a decrease
in his offense level for helping them in the investigation. That left Farrell at
an offense level of 15, with a recommended sentence of 18 to 24 months in
prison.

When Johnston sentenced Farrell to 30 days in jail, he said that in doing so he
was departing from the guideline recommendation based on the idea that the
increases in Farrell's offense level should only apply to knowing offenses, not
the misdemeanor counts included in Farrell's plea agreement.

On Wednesday, Johnston is scheduled to sentence Southern, who pleaded guilty to
three misdemeanors.

Defense lawyers are making the same arguments as in the Farrell case - that
Southern's offense level should not be increased because he did not admit to
knowing offenses. Southern's lawyers also predict that he will get a motion from
prosecutors indicating that he, like four other Freedom defendants, provided
"substantial assistance to investigators. Defense lawyers say Southern helped
them go after Farrell and assisted in an unrelated - but not identified in court
records - case in another jurisdiction.

Marquette University criminal law professor Michael O'Hear has studied how the
sentencing guidelines are used in environmental crime cases. O'Hear concluded
that environmental law "criminalizes a wide range of conduct, from the minimally
culpable to the highly culpable and that the sentencing guidelines for such
crimes "are designed to put green-collar' offenders behind bars, even if only
for a relatively brief period of time.

Still, O'Hear found and federal data show, that's seldom what happens.
Nationwide, nearly two-thirds of environmental case defendants are sentenced to
probation only.

That happens for a variety of reasons, O'Hear has found. For one thing,
defendants in pollution cases rarely have any criminal history, and that's a
factor that plays heavily in the sentencing guideline calculations. Defendants
in such cases often see reductions in their sentences because of a variety of
mitigating factors, most often because they cooperated with government
investigations of other offenders.

O'Hear also concluded, though, that the sentencing guidelines - for whatever use
judges make of them - sometimes don't take all of the potentially relevant
factors about environmental crimes into account. For example, he wrote, the
guidelines do not require significant sentence enhancement for ecological
damage, no matter how serious. They also don't take into account the disruption
of businesses other than public utilities. Also, O'Hear concluded, the
guidelines do not really distinguish between the scale of harm from
environmental crimes or take into account very well the threat of harm from such
offenses.

"To be sure, there is a lively theoretical debate over the question as to
whether the actual infliction of harm increases a defendant's culpability in
comparison with a mere attempt to inflict harm, he wrote. "Yet, with respect to
some categories of harm, the guidelines have taken the odd position of
incrementally punishing only the actual occurrence of the harm, no matter how
freakish, and never the threat of harm, no matter how imminent.

Reach Ken Ward Jr. at kward@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-1702 or follow @kenwardjr
on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                            March 13, 2013 Wednesday

Church pays $10m to US Catholic abuse victims

BYLINE: AFP

LENGTH: 420 words


The Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles has agreed to pay nearly $10 million to
four ...

The Catholic Archdiocese of Los Angeles has agreed to pay nearly $10 million to
four men who alleged they were molested by a former priest in the 1970s, their
lawyers said Tuesday.



Settlements were reached this month between lawyers for the men, the former
priest involved, and LA's Cardinal Roger Mahony, who is taking part in the
conclave to choose a new pope despite protests from victims.
The long-delayed release last month of hundreds of files about abuse claims --
which came at the same time as Mahony was stripped of his duties for mishandling
the scandals -- helped precipitate the settlements, a lawyer said.

The priest involved, Reverend Michael Baker, molested the four young victims
repeatedly in the 1970s, including on overnight trips to San Diego, according to
the legal documents.

The lawsuits claim that then-Archbishop Mahony allowed him to continue to
minister as a priest even though Baker admitted in 1986 that he had sexually
abused minors in the past.

Baker was jailed for over 10 years in December 2007 after pleading guilty to 12
felony counts of oral copulation with a minor, involving two of the victims in
these lawsuits. He was released in October 2011.

Lawyer Vince Finaldi said Baker was scheduled to be a witness, if the lawsuits
-- filed after the LA archdiocese reached a $660 million settlement with abuse
victims in 2007 -- had gone to trial.

The LA archdiocese released files last month on over 100 clerics accused of sex
abuse, as required under the 2007 lawsuit deal, including some showing Mahony
discussing how to cover up alleged crimes.

Finaldi said the release of the files "played heavily" into the archdiocese's
decision to settle the cases. "Once we got the files it confirmed everything we
had argued for years and years," he told the LA Times.

"Cardinal Mahony's fingerprints were all over the case," he added.

The archdiocese did not immediately respond to a request for comment, or
confirmation. The lawyers said they plan to give more details of the cases at a
press conference Thursday.

Mahony traveled to Rome to participate in the conclave to choose a successor to
Pope Benedict XVI, despite calls from victims' groups for him to stay home
following the recent revelations about his role in covering up alleged abuse.

Mahony, who retired in 2011, was stripped of his remaining church duties in
January by his successor Archbishop Jose Gomez for mishandling claims against
dozens of priests.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2013 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                October 27, 2003

EDS Files to Dismiss Lawsuit, Extends Its N/MCI Funding;
Vows to defend itself against allegations of mishandling $6.9B Navy intranet
deal

BYLINE: Dan Verton

SECTION: NEWS - HIGH; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 466 words

Lawyers for Electronic Data Systems Corp. last week filed a legal motion to
dismiss a class-action lawsuit by shareholders who allege that the company
committed securities fraud and improperly handled "problem contracts," including
the $6.9 billion Navy/Marine Corps Intranet (N/MCI)deal.

A court date to determine whether the case will go forward has been tentatively
set for Nov. 10.

However, Ron Zahn, a certified public accountant and fraud investigator who's
been retained by the New York law firm representing the shareholders, Bernstein
Litowitz Berger & Grossmann LLP, said EDS's filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission show that "they admit certain things" regarding the
company's alleged mishandling of the N/MCI contract [QuickLink 39658].

Taking Responsibility

In a 10-K statement filed with the SECin March, EDS acknowledged, among other
things, that "material delays in the assumption of responsibility for or
installation of additional seats under [the N/MCI] contract could negatively
impact the financial performance of this contract and significantly reduce our
earnings and operating cash flow during the quarter in which any such delays
occur."

In addition, EDS acknowledged that the N/MCI rollout schedule on which the
company's pricing was based has been delayed significantly.

EDS also acknowledged that it released the Navy from any liability under the
contract for certain potential claims.

According to the Plano, Texas-based company's most recent 10-Q quarterly
earnings report, filed Aug. 13, EDS intends to defend itself against the
shareholder lawsuit "vigorously." That statement also noted that the SEC has
requested documents related to the N/MCI contract.

Kevin Lightfoot, a spokesman for EDS, said "nothing has changed since last
quarter" regarding the lawsuit and the company's estimates of what effect, if
any, it might have on the future of the N/MCI contract.

Financing Extended

Meanwhile, EDS last week said it's extending and expanding the finance vehicle
associated with the N/MCI contract.

Under the terms of the new agreement, EDS's line of credit to cover investments
in the contract has increased from $600 million to $900 million and has been
extended from 2005 to 2007. According to Lightfoot, the $300 million increase
matches the current N/MCI equipment deployment forecast.

"This line of credit allows us to accelerate our receipt of cash by selling
future receivables to financial institutions to match our cash flow," said
Lightfoot. This enables EDS to get paid immediately for hardware deployments,
even though the Navy isn't contractually required to pay for the equipment for
60 to 90 days after deployment.

EDS will release its third-quarter earnings report on Oct. 29.  42348


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Computerworld, Inc.


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     OCTOBER 3, 1998 Saturday DCITY EDITION

DONOR OF WAR ARTIFACTS AT GETTYSBURG VOWS TO TAKE BACK COLLECTION / THE FAMILY
ACCUSED THE NATIONAL PARK SERVICE OF MISHANDLING THE ITEMS AND PROTESTED A
PLANNED MOVE.

BYLINE: Robert Moran, INQUIRER HARRISBURG BUREAU

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 726 words

DATELINE: GETTYSBURG, Pa.


Officials at Gettysburg National Military Park say its vast collection of Civil
War artifacts has suffered "considerable damage" over the years as a result of
poor storage conditions.

That's the main reason the park needs a new visitor center and museum, they say.
To that end, the government has proposed a partnership with a private developer
to build the new facilities.

But the family that donated most of the collection for safekeeping and display
at the park is now seeking to revoke its gift, accusing the National Park
Service of mishandling the artifacts.

"It would be a catastrophic loss," said Park Superintendent John A. Latschar.
However, Latschar expressed confidence that the government's ownership of the
tens of thousands of artifacts, donated in 1971, was a "legal finality."

Angela Rosensteel Eckert, 80, whose great uncle started the collection while
helping to bury the dead after the 1863 battle, surprised a public hearing at
the park Thursday night with her announcement.

The meeting erupted in acrimony after her attorney, John R. Fenstermacher,
attempted to read a letter from Eckert into the hearing record. A government
lawyer closed the record because Fenstermacher had exceeded a three-minute limit
for speaking. He read the letter anyway.

"We are troubled by The National Park Service's efforts to remove 'The
Rosensteel Collection' from the premises owned by The National Park Service to a
property owned by a private developer on sacred ground that should not be
further disturbed," Eckert wrote.

"By your own admission, you and The National Park Service have permitted the
collection to deteriorate and, in some cases, be destroyed or stolen. Clearly,
this does not meet the conditions of the gift nor meet any reasonable standards
of historic preservation."

The letter concluded: "It is our intention to revoke the gift because of these
willful violations and to ask the Justice Department to investigate the
supervision of the gifts" by the park service.

The hearing officer then asked Eckert if she wished to speak. She angrily
declared: "I am going to push this now to the hilt."

Outside the meeting Eckert vowed: "I'm not letting John Latschar get away with
this."

Eckert's attorney, Fenstermacher, said that he would leave the door open to
talks with the park service for the next few weeks. But if no understanding is
reached, he said he would file a lawsuit in federal court that would seek the
return of the collection.

Latschar yesterday said he has repeatedly tried to explain to Eckert that
placing the collection in a new visitor center and museum would "substantially
increase our ability to preserve that collection." He said fears that the park
service would lose control of the artifacts to the private developer are
"absolutely groundless."

The meeting Thursday night was for public comment on a draft general management
plan for the park. At the heart of that plan is a proposed visitor complex that
will cost $39 million. A York developer, Robert A. Kinsley, would build and run
the facility. It would pass to park service hands after Kinsley paid off the
debt and recouped costs.

Critics have questioned the developer's role in the plan, as well as the
proposed introduction of for-profit businesses at the visitor center. Local
business owners fear they will lose money from the competition and from the
relocation of the visitor facilities away from Gettysburg restaurants and shops.

The meeting was held in the auditorium of the Cyclorama Center, which houses a
356-foot-long painting depicting battle scenes. As part of its plans, the park
is seeking to raze the building, which was opened in 1962. The distinctive
building was designed by internationally renowned architect Richard Neutra, who
died in 1970.

A week ago, the National Register of Historic Places made a formal determination
that the building is one of exceptional historic and architectural significance.
That finding has the potential to slow down, if not derail, any demolition.

Christine L. Madrid, an architectural historian from Virginia, asked the park
service to reconsider its plans.

"The administrators of Gettysburg have a responsibility to account for the
park's contribution to wider movements in American history," Madrid said.

The public comment period closes Oct. 17.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 28, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. CHARGES ILLEGAL DISPOSAL FOR MILITARY'S TOXIC WASTES

SECTION: Section D; Page 19, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Oct. 27


A local company and two businessmen have been indicted on Federal charges of
mishandling toxic PCB's collected from 70 military installations in 25 states,
prosecutors announced today.

In a separate case, the president of another company and the company itself
pleaded guilty to four counts of illegally disposing of polychlorinated
biphenyls, or PCB's, under contract to the Defense Department.

Federal prosecutors described the actions as ''significant developments'' in the
Government's effort to crack down on civilian contractors who illegally dump
toxic substances that the military has hired them to dispose.

PCB's are known to cause cancer, liver damage and birth defects in laboratory
animals, but their effects on humans have not been conclusively shown.

A 3-Year Investigation

Both cases were the result of more than three years of investigation by state,
Federal and Jacksonville officials, said Joseph Magri, an assistant United
States Attorney.

Mr. Magri said the PCB's in both cases had been cleaned up or were being guarded
by Federal Government officials.

Carlton Lane, an Environmental Protection Agency consumer safety officer who has
been investigating both cases for more than three years, said of those charged,
''They know as much about the rules as we do.''

In the first case, a 24-count indictment handed up by a Federal grand jury
charged the American Electric Corporation of Jacksonville and two businessmen
with mishandling PCB's collected from military installations.

The indictment included felony charges of mail fraud and making false statements
to the Department of Defense and presenting a false claim to the United States
Government. It also included a variety of misdemeanor charges of mislabeling
wastes before disposal, Mr. Magri said.

Company President Arrested

The corporation president, Maxwell S. Cobb, was arrested and charged today in
Jacksonville. If convicted, Mr. Cobb could face sentences totaling 108 years in
prison and fines of at least $213,000. Also named but not yet arrested was the
company's former vice president, B. Michael Hamm, Mr. Magri said. If convicted,
Mr. Hamm could be sentenced up to 97 years in prison and be fined as much as
$177,000. The corporation itself could face $203,000 in fines.

A third man, Floyd C. Holloway, president of Holloway's Waste Oil Service of
Jacksonville was charged in the case with one misdemeanor violation of the toxic
substances control law. He will not be arrested, Mr. Magri said, but if
convicted, Mr. Holloway could face one year in prison and a fine of $25,000. The
indictment charges that Mr. Holloway sold oil contaminated with PCB's to
Dickerson Asphalt Company, a Jacksonville paving company that used the oil to
fire its generators.

Elaborate Scheme Asserted In the other case, Lynwood Holley, president of Holley
Electric Corporation of Jacksonville, pleaded guilty to a felony count of fraud
and a misdemeanor charge of violating the Toxic Substances Control Law. If
convicted, Mr. Holley faces a possible five-year term in prison and fines
totaling $35,000. The corporation, which entered similar pleas in a deal to
avoid a trial, also faces a possible $35,000 fine.

On the advice of his lawyers, Mr. Holley declined to discuss the case after he
entered the guilty pleas.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              May 25, 2009 Monday

FIREARM SAFETY EDUCATION;
SMALL NUMBERS BUT BIG SCORES FOR GIRLS IN HUNTER ED

BYLINE: STACI MATLOCK

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 812 words


Gabriel Garcia tried for years to get his daughter, Mariah, into the hunter
safety education course offered by the New Mexico Department of Game and Fish.

But the classes always filled up within minutes of opening.

He wanted Mariah, 14, to learn gun safety. "I wasn't so interested in her
becoming an avid outdoorsman or hunter. I knew approaching her teen years, there
might be a time when she's around firearms and she needed to know how to be safe
around them," Garcia said.

This year, he finally got her signed up for the two-day course in March. She was
among 40 students and only three girls who completed the class. She placed third
among her 11- to 14-year-old age group with a combined average of 98 on the
written and field tests.

Although men in the New Mexico hunter safety class outnumbered women and girls
three-to-one in the last three years, the number of women and girls enrolling in
the course is stable.

All youth under age 18 must take a hunter safety course in order to hunt with a
firearm. Many adults take it as well if they want to hunt in Colorado, where a
safety course is required of all hunters born after 1949.

Garcia sat in on the course with his daughter as a refresher, his third time in
the class. "I still learned something," Garcia said. "People who don't take a
refresher course are actually more dangerous."

From January to March this year, the state offered 68 hunter safety education
classes, said Marty Frentzel, public information officer for the New Mexico
Department of Game and Fish and a certified instructor. "It's one of my favorite
things, teaching this class. You see kids learning and feel like you make a
difference," Frentzel said.

A November 2008 review of the state's hunter education program by the U.S. Fish
and Wildlife Service and the International Hunter Education Association said it
was one of the biggest such programs in the nation.

One of the drawbacks to the program, which the department is trying to resolve,
is a lack of certified instructors to teach classes, limiting the number
offered. Often young people like Mariah have to try repeatedly before getting
into one.

Kari Boynton, program manager for the hunter education program, said classes
fill up within a day, even those offered in the summer.

Gene Farnum, a retired Los Alamos National Laboratory scientist, has taught
hunter safety classes in Santa Fe for eight years. "There is more demand in
Santa Fe than we can accommodate with the number of volunteers we have," Farnum
said.

He said hunter safety classes have been around for decades but weren't
standardized until several years ago. Since New Mexico began offering the
standardized classes, "the number of hunting accidents has declined
dramatically, especially among young hunters," he said.

Mishandling a firearm causes most hunting accidents, Farnum said. "Mishandling
means you point the gun at someone and you put your finger on the trigger and
haven't checked to make sure the gun is unloaded," he said. "The number one rule
is don't point the gun at anyone. Always control the direction of the muzzle."

The two-day hunter education course involves reading a manual, taking a written
multiple-choice test and completing a field test carrying an unloaded rifle.
"People have the most trouble, especially the younger ones, with the written
multiple-choice test," Farnum said. "There's no lower age limit under New Mexico
law for taking the class. Some people put their kids in when they are 8 or 9.
Those kids haven't had enough experience taking multiple-choice tests."

Several students fail each class. The minimum score to pass the written test is
70, and the minimum on the field test is 75 percent. "Girls usually do very well
in the class and often have the highest scores," Farnum said.

Mariah, who will attend the New Mexico Military Institute in August and wants to
be a fighter pilot, said the class was good and she learned a lot. She learned
about gun parts, how to hold a gun and where to shoot an animal so it doesn't
suffer. "Even if you are not going hunting, it is to your benefit to take the
class and learn firearm safety," Mariah said, sitting at her dad's business, the
Auto Angel on Cerrillos Road.

After the class, she told her dad she wanted to try hunting. "I feel really good
about the fact that if she has a gun in her possession she'll treat it like it
is a loaded, lethal weapon," Garcia said. "I am kind of surprised she wanted to
try hunting."

But they've put in for tags and will hear soon if she'll have her chance.

The next bow hunter safety education class is scheduled June 12-13 in
Albuquerque, and the next firearm hunter safety class in Albuquerque is July

18-19. No more classes are scheduled for Santa Fe this year. For more
information on hunter education and hunting rules, see www.wildlife.state.nm.us.

Contact Staci Matlock

at 986-3055 or smatlock@

sfnewmexican.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The New Mexican


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cell door to open in lost-DNA case A man who claims innocence in a rape case is
granted his release after serving 23 years.

BYLINE: Miles Moffeit The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-17

LENGTH: 500 words


For the first time in 23 years, Donald Odoms is on track to walk out of prison.

Texas' Board of Pardon and Paroles has authorized his release, pending
completion of rehabilitation programs over the next 18 months, his attorney
disclosed Tuesday.

Odoms, whose case was detailed in a recent Denver Post series on evidence
mishandling, has long professed his innocence in the 1984 rape and robbery of a
Texas health inspector.

But Houston authorities lost the sex-assault kit containing the attacker's DNA.
Over the years, the New York-based Innocence Project, The Denver Post and his
new attorneys have searched for those biological samples so they could be tested
using DNA analysis unavailable 23 years ago.

"It feels good," said Odoms attorney Nick Barzoukas, who seeks exoneration but
welcomed any form of freedom for his client. "Donald would like to go out the
front door of the prison instead of the back, but we've realized that, without
the evidence, this is the most likely path."

Odoms, 53, was relieved that his 65-year sentence was cut short, Barzoukas said.
Now, he can look forward to spending the last years of his life in the company
of his brother, son and two adopted daughters.

Odoms - who was convicted without any physical evidence linking him to the crime
- remains frustrated that evidence loss prevents him from proving his innocence,
Barzoukas said.

Family members share that disappointment. At least three have said they were
with him at the time of the rape, 180 miles away in Center, Texas, for a
birthday celebration.

"We were in East Texas," Odoms' ex-wife Josie told The Post in a Web-video
documentary. "That is the only thing I know and stake my life on. There's no ifs
and maybes about it. We were in East Texas. I know this."

In the parole bid, Barzoukas cited those statements to buttress the argument
that Houston officials destroyed exculpatory evidence. He also submitted Odoms'
"truthful" scores on a polygraph exam.

Texas parole board decisions are reached in a closed-door process without public
explanation. Barzoukas said he was informed only that Odoms received the minimum
five votes needed for relief.

The case against Odoms was built largely on what Odoms' lawyers later called a
suggestive suspect lineup and snitch testimony. David Wilkes, a parolee in
Houston at the time, fit the victim's suspect description better than Odoms. And
his fingerprints - not Odoms' - were found inside and outside her vehicle
ditched near his employer's office.

Wilkes pointed the finger at Odoms, saying he saw him driving a car resembling
the victim's. After a detective showed Odoms' photo to the woman, she picked him
from a lineup.

On a visit to the Houston jail last spring, a reporter was unable to persuade
Wilkes - held on recent robbery charges - to talk about the 1985 case. The
Harris County district attorney and Houston police, plagued by evidence
mishandling problems in recent years, also have refused to discuss it.

Miles Moffeit: 303-954-1415 or mmoffeit@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Asharq Alawsat (English)

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

Don't Let the FBI's E-Mail Surprise Swing the Election

LENGTH: 823 words


To borrow a phrase from Vermont's favorite socialist, I too am sick and tired of
hearing about Hillary Clinton's damn e-mails.

As we all found out on Friday afternoon, the FBI is reviewing some messages
involving a close Clinton aide to see if they contained classified information.
The agency's director, James Comey, said so in a vague letter to congressional
leaders, and it has turned the election yet again on its head.

This is the political equivalent of crack cocaine. House Speaker Paul Ryan
called on the director of national intelligence, James Clapper, to suspend
classified briefings to the Democratic candidate. Prominent liberal pundits are
in high dudgeon, alleging that Comey is trying to throw the election to the
Republicans. The Trump campaign meanwhile is elated. Its campaign manager,
Kellyanne Conway, tweeted that "A great day in our campaign just got even
better."

It's worth taking a step back and look at what the bureau is actually
investigating. The New York Times reports that new e-mails came to the bureau's
attention in its investigation of former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner
for sexting with under-aged girls. Weiner is married to a top Clinton aide, Huma
Abedin. Comey's letter says that the bureau is now reviewing whether the
messages contained classified information.

At the heart of this issue is the mishandling of classified information. Clinton
used a private, unsecure server to conduct official business with her staff at
the State Department. Comey said over the summer that Clinton's decision to use
the server was reckless and that foreign powers may well have accessed her
e-mails, even though the bureau could not prove that definitively.

For this she has paid a major political price. The question is whether her
negligence should be treated as a crime. To answer this question, it's worth
putting the national security damage wrought by Clinton's private e-mail server
into some context. Despite unprecedented steps from the FBI to crack down, more
state secrets have been disclosed during the Barack Obama presidency than at any
other time in American history.

There are the voluminous disclosures of diplomatic cables from WikiLeaks, and
the National Security Agency troves from Edward Snowden. There was the hack of
the Office of Personnel Management, which gave the Chinese access to the
security clearance files on thousands of Americans serving in sensitive
positions in the U.S. government. Then there are the press leaks of cyber
operations against Iran's nuclear program and operations against al-Qaeda's
franchise in Yemen. Finally, the State Department's own unclassified e-mail
system was hacked in 2014.

In this sense, calling for the prosecution of Clinton in the name of
cybersecurity or the protection of state secrets is a bit like cracking down on
jaywalking when a serial killer is on the loose.

It's fair to argue that the law is the law. As the secretary of state, Clinton
should be held to a high standard, since lower level officials would be
penalized for doing what Clinton did.

But this argument cuts both ways. The FBI always has to prioritize what it
investigates. Part of that calculation should consider the damage, in context,
done by the alleged crime. When it comes to mishandling classified information,
I can tell you from experience, many government officials at one time or another
will leak classified information to reporters. As I reported over the summer,
it's common to find something that would be considered classified in the
unclassified e-mails of most government officials.

But there is a greater issue at stake. As a member of the press, I have an
interest in less government secrecy and less scrutiny for government sources. So
I acknowledge I am biased here. But it's not healthy for the republic in the
long run for the FBI to investigate the mishandling of national security
information wherever it finds it.

This would give the FBI director extraordinary power over the rest of the
government. There was an interagency process to retroactively determine what was
and what was not classified in Clinton's e-mails, and it showed that reasonable
people disagree on this all the time. The problem is that the FBI has way too
many secrets to protect.

So, those Republicans giddy over the thought that Clinton could end up going to
jail for her private e-mail server should ask themselves how they would feel if
the shoe was on the other foot. Should the FBI director have the power to
influence an election through choosing to prosecute a crime Republicans and
Democrats commit all the time? As the saying goes, careful what you wish for,
you might just get it.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/425/100/147802382645.jpg

U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton holds an unscheduled news
conference to talk about FBI inquiries into her emails after a campaign rally in
Des Moines, Iowa, U.S. October 28, 2016. REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 425


                 Copyright 2016 Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                                January 14, 2004

Airman faces US court martial

BYLINE: Duncan Campbell in Los Angeles

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages, Pg. 17

LENGTH: 318 words


The court martial of a Syrianborn Arabic translator who worked with detainees at
Guantanamo Bay was yesterday due to start in northern California. The
proceedings are taking place against a

background of growing concern about the legal position of the detainees and the
arrests of prison staff.

While the most serious charges against Senior Airman Ahmad al-Halabi have been
dropped, he still faces espionage charges. The court martial, at Travis air
force base, will consider evidence in 17 charges out of the original 30.

After his arrest last July at Jacksonville naval air force base in Florida
MrHalabi was charged with espionage, disobeying an order, making false official
statements, mishandling classified documents and lying on a credit application.

The charge that carried the death penalty, aiding an enemy, has been dropped.
His legal team say the main element of the case against him has now been
removed.

Mr Halabi was born in Syria and became a naturalised American citizen. He was
one of a number of Arabic-speaking staff who came under suspicion after working
with the 660 alleged Taliban or al-Qaida members at Guantanamo Bay. Four people
have been arrested. Their lawyers argue that the incidents leading to the
arrests have been exaggerated.

In a similar case, most charges were dropped against a Muslim army chaplain at
the prison camp. Captain James Yee is now charged with only minor offences
including mishandling classified information, disobeying an order, committing
adultery and storing

pornography on his computer. His lawyers have said the charges are unwarranted.

Last week the US supreme court decided to hear the case of another detainee,
Yaser Esam Hamdi, born in Louisiana to Saudi parents. He

was captured with a Taliban unit in Afghanistan.

The court will decide whether an American citizen can be held as an enemy
combatant.


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 19, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Counsel prepares report on travel office firings Document on termination of 7
White House workers is likely to be critical of Hillary Clinton

BYLINE: Kathy Kiely and Judy Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 647 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Independent counsel Robert Ray is preparing to file
a report, possibly as early as this week, that could become an
issue in first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton's New York Senate campaign,
according to lawyers with knowledge of Ray's plans.

The report will focus on the controversial firings in 1993 of
seven longtime employees in the White House travel office, the
sources said. It is the second in a series of reports that Ray
is preparing as he wraps up the 6-year-old investigation that
he inherited last year from Ken Starr.

No criminal charges will be recommended in the case, according
to the lawyers. But Ray's report is likely to be critical of the
first lady, who has been accused of engineering the travel office
purge. She denies it.


The independent counsel's office is not commenting on the contents
of the report. In interviews this year, Ray indicated that he
wanted to complete the travel office investigation early to avoid
accusations of sabotaging the first lady's Senate race with an
election-eve bombshell.

"I would be a fool to suggest that it isn't something that's
considered," he told USA TODAY in January. "Some of my responsibility
is to ensure that there is no untoward effect on the political
process."

Ray will file the report to a special three-judge panel. The judges
are supervising the work of Ray and five other prosecutors who
are completing investigations begun under the now-expired independent
counsel law.

The timetable for when the report will be released to the public
is up to the panel. There will be a wait of at least 90 days to
give lawyers for the first lady and others named in Ray's final
report a chance to review and comment on the material. It probably
won't be released until September at the earliest.

Ray's final report on the Clinton administration's alleged mishandling
of sensitive FBI dossiers on former White House employees has
yet to be released. It was filed March 16.

The travel office investigation stems from a Clinton administration
move that, although legal, turned into a public-relations disaster.

When President Clinton fired the travel office employees early
in his first administration, he was well within his rights. Most
White House employees serve at the pleasure of the president.
But the travel office employees had survived several earlier changes
in administration and had become chummy with members of the news
media.

The decision to replace them with Clinton cronies set off an uproar
in the White House press room.

Administration officials contended they had evidence that the
travel office employees had mishandled funds. But a court acquitted
White House travel office head Billy Dale of that charge.

Later, the White House publicly apologized, admitted the firings
were mishandled and paid the legal bills of the former travel
office employees.

Completion of the travel office report leaves Ray with two other
open investigations:

* The Whitewater real estate transactions that originally
prompted the appointment of an independent counsel to investigate
the Clintons in 1994.

* Former White House intern Monica Lewinsky's relationship
with President Clinton. Because the investigation originated with
the independent counsel's office, Ray is obliged to file a final
report on the affair that led to Clinton's trial and acquittal
on impeachment charges last year. One element still under investigation
is whether Clinton allies pressured former White House volunteer
Kathleen Willey into recanting her charge that the president groped
her in 1993.

Ray has said he is considering whether to indict Clinton after
the president leaves office. There could be charges that Clinton
committed perjury in court testimony when he denied having a sexual
relationship with Lewinsky.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, AP (2); Ray: Finishing 6-year investigation. Dale:
Acquitted of mishandling funds.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 22, 2006 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

HUBBY QUIZZED. CHAPPAQUA SLAY ACCOUNT RAISES SEVERAL QUESTIONS

BYLINE: BY MIKE JACCARINO and RICH SCHAPIRO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS With Tamer
El-Ghobashy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 413 words


THE CROOKED Westchester lawyer who says a gunman ambushed him and his wife was
discharged from the hospital yesterday - only to face questions from police
about the mysterious shooting that left his wife dead.

Carlos Perez-Olivo spent five hours with detectives inside his Chappaqua home,
as investigators eagerly awaited the results of an autopsy conducted on the body
of the disbarred lawyer's wife, Peggy Perez-Olivo, 55.

Sources say the results of the autopsy - which may come as soon as today - could
help determine if the husband's version of events holds up.

Carlos Perez-Olivo, 58, told cops that he and his wife were driving home from
New York City late Saturday night when a Hispanic man driving a dark sedan -
possibly a Toyota Camry - forced them off Saw Mill River Road, just a few miles
from their home.

The man somehow opened the back door of the couple's 2003 Mitsubishi Montero,
Carlos Perez-Olivo told police, and a struggle ensued that resulted in the
couple getting shot.

Peggy Perez-Olivo was mortally wounded in the head; her husband took a bullet to
his abdomen.

The wounded lawyer dialed 911 as he drove his wife to the Northern Westchester
Hospital in Mount Kisco. But the beloved school aide died from her injuries
Monday, adding to a tragedy that had already stunned one of the nation's
wealthiest communities.

Three days after the bizarre crime, certain elements of Carlos Perez-Olivo's
account still trouble investigators.

The car that he was driving is believed to have a feature that enables it to
automatically lock its doors once the vehicle is in gear, which would make it
impossible for someone to open the back door from the outside.

And Saw Mill River Road is not the most direct route from Manhattan to
Chappaqua.

At the house that the Perez-Olivos rent in Chappaqua, the attorney's sons,
Carlos Jr., 29, and Merced, 23, stayed close to their father for support.

A woman who identified herself as Peggy Perez-Olivo's sister arrived at the
mansion, which sits just a few houses away from Bill and Hillary Clinton's, in
the early afternoon.

Asked how she was doing, the distraught woman said, "Horrible. It's horrific."

Carlos Perez-Olivo was disbarred in August for mishandling clients' funds.

Last year, he was accused of incompetence during a high-profile murder case.

But his reputation was tarnished even before he arrived in New York. He was
banned from practicing in Puerto Rico for mishandling a $25,000 payment from a
client.

rschapiro@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL SCHWARTZ/ANGEL CHEVRESTT (INSET) Detectives arrive at home of
Carlos Perez-Olivo in Chappaqua after the disgraced lawyer was sent home from a
Westchester hospital. Inset left, a woman who said she's Peggy Perez-Olivo's
sister gets into car after leaving the family's home. Perez-Olivo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                February 6, 2004 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Offices reopen after ricin

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 640 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; ATLANTA; MODESTO, Calif.


Senate office buildings began reopening Thursday as investigators said they
still had not determined how the poison ricin got into the mail room of the
Senate majority leader on Monday.

Hundreds of congressional staffers lined up outside the Russell Senate Office
Building across Constitution Avenue from the Capitol, when the doors opened just
after noon, eager to return to their desks, which had been off limits for days.
The nearby Hart building is scheduled to reopen today and the Dirksen building,
where the poison was discovered, is supposed to be ready Monday.

Officials said the collection of unopened mail, the decontamination of the
office and the environmental testing of the Senate buildings were proceeding
smoothly and more quickly then they had first anticipated.

Officials from the Environmental Protection Agency, which is overseeing the
testing, said ricin had not been detected anywhere except in the fourth floor
mailroom of Sen. Bill Frist, R-Tenn., where it was first spotted by a
congressional intern about 3 p.m. Monday.

Army promises a hearing

for Guantanamo officer

The highest-ranking Army officer ensnared in a crackdown on the mishandling of
intelligence at the Guantanamo Bay terror prison will have a hearing later this
month to determine whether he should be court-martialed, the military disclosed
Thursday.

Col. Jackie Duane Farr, 58, was charged Nov. 29 after a spot check of his
luggage allegedly found he tried to take classified documents off the Navy base
as he finished his tour there Oct. 11.

A senior Army intelligence officer, Farr is the highest ranking of the four men
at the base who have been charged, separately, with mishandling classified
information at the offshore prison for al-Qaida and Taliban suspects.

A Muslim Army chaplain and two former Arabic translators have also been arrested
and face more serious charges.

"Evolution' here to stay,

Georgia educator vows

ATLANTA - The state superintendent of schools, Kathy Cox, said she would
reinstate the word "evolution" in the proposed biology curriculum for the
state's schools. She had ordered it removed because it is "a buzzword that
causes a lot of negative reaction," she said last week.

In a statement on Thursday, Cox said the controversy was greater than the one
she had hoped to avoid by deleting the word in the first place.

"I am here to tell you that I misjudged the situation, and I want to apologize
for that," Cox said.

The draft had replaced "evolution" with the phrase "biological changes over
time." The deletion drew a flood of criticism from biology professors across the
state as well as from parents and former President Jimmy Carter.

Cox's statement did not address complaints that the evolution curriculum's
subject matter had been gutted. Some critics said the draft left references to
evolution incomplete and scattered. Physicists also complained about the draft's
treatment of the origin of the universe, saying it omitted specific references
to its age.

Scott Peterson loses

potential key witness

MODESTO, Calif. - A witness who claimed to have seen Laci Peterson hours after
police allege her husband killed her has died, potentially dealing a blow to
Scott Peterson's defense.

Vivian Mitchell, 78, died early Wednesday of natural causes, according to her
family.

She was one of three people who said she saw Laci Peterson alive midmorning on
Dec. 24, 2002. Authorities assert Scott Peterson killed his pregnant wife the
night before or early that morning, then dumped her body.

Prosecutors have charged Scott Peterson, 31, with two counts of murder. His
trial may start later this month in San Mateo County, where it was moved because
of extensive publicity in Modesto, where the couple lived. If convicted,
Peterson could face the death penalty.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN BRIEF

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     July 5, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

Back Channels: The Intelligence Community; In His Defense, Lee Raises Race Issue

Vernon Loeb , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A19; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 821 words



Attorneys representing Wen Ho Lee have filed their long-awaited selective
prosecution motion, arguing that the former Los Alamos physicist was singled out
for investigation as a possible spy and ultimately charged in December with
downloading nuclear warhead design codes because he is an ethnic Chinese
American.

The motion, filed June 23 in Albuquerque, states that Lee is the only person
ever charged under the "draconian" life imprisonment provisions of the Atomic
Energy Act for mishandling information that wasn't classified and wasn't
transferred to unauthorized individuals.

The motion includes a sworn declaration by Robert Vrooman, former chief of
counterintelligence at Los Alamos, which reads: "I state without reservation
that racial profiling was a crucial component in the FBI's identifying Dr. Lee
as a suspect."

Lee's attorneys filed the motion to force the government to turn over documents
from numerous other cases in which individuals were not criminally prosecuted
for mishandling secrets. Among them: former CIA director John M. Deutch, who
drafted secret memos on unsecure home computers.

Government officials, who deny targeting Lee on the basis of race, must respond
by July 14.


McLAUGHLIN MOTS: John E. McLaughlin, a career CIA analyst nominated by President
Clinton last week to be deputy director of central intelligence, has never
himself had to undergo the rigors of Senate confirmation.

McLaughlin played a small but important role in the Senate's highly contentious
confirmation in 1991 of Robert M. Gates to be CIA director, reporting the
"widely held view" that top CIA managers helped distort an analysis of the 1981
assassination attempt against Pope John Paul II.

The CIA's conclusion that the attack could have been part of a communist plot
involving the Soviets and Bulgarians was the focal point of Gates's
confirmation. Critics alleged that Gates allowed the report to be skewed to
support the conviction of his former boss, CIA Director William J. Casey, that
the Kremlin was involved.

During Gates's confirmation hearing, then-Sen. Howard M. Metzenbaum (D-Ohio)
read from a sworn statement submitted by McLaughlin, one of three analysts Gates
appointed in 1985 to perform a postmortem on the controversial report:

" 'We told Mr. Gates that we saw serious shortcomings in the Directorate's
analysis of the assassination attempt. . . . [T]here was a pervasive perception
that top management was convinced of Soviet culpability and that this had led to
the removal of some caveats to the contrary. . . . In particular, there was a
widely held view that the shape and tone of the paper's key judgment . . . had
been inspired, if not directed, by the seventh floor.' "


FEES ON FEES: Former CIA station chief James Fees came through Washington last
month to promote his first novel, "Operation Hebron," published under the pen
name Eric Jordan, proving himself a world-class raconteur.

In half an hour over coffee at the Madison Hotel, Fees described a string of old
covert operations, including one in which the CIA brought down a communist
regime in Africa by stealing a dictator's payroll. He also took credit for
writing the memo that persuaded top agency officials to open clandestine
relations with the Palestine Liberation Organization.

Now a silver-haired international businessman living in Brussels, Fees became a
CIA operative in 1957 and rose to chief of station in Cairo under Presidents
Richard M. Nixon, Gerald R. Ford and Jimmy Carter from 1974 to 1978.

He found the assignment exhausting and perilous, he said, because of an
assassination contract taken out on his life by Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi.
Carter finally defused the situation with a personal letter asking Gadhafi to
call off the hit, Fees said.

Fees's final posting was as chief of station in Geneva in 1979, the beginning of
Stansfield Turner's tenure as director of central intelligence. To Fees and
other spies of his generation, it was the beginning of the end of the agency
they knew and loved.

Fees said he realized it was time to hang it up when headquarters refused to
approve the recruitment of a German woman possessed of an extremely close
relationship to a senior KGB official.

But severing his ties with the agency was easier said than done. "Being an
ex-CIA officer is like being a hooker," he said. "No one believes you stopped."

No one, including the president.

Fees said the Reagan White House summoned him to Washington when he was several
years into retirement in a frantic effort to find where terrorists were holding
a group of U.S. hostages captured in Lebanon.

He agreed to ask one of his best Middle East sources and ultimately was able to
confirm that the hostages were in Lebanon, not Iran, as some U.S. officials
believed, information that made a contemplated military incursion in Lebanon too
risky, he said.



LOAD-DATE: July 05, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          Irish Independent (Ireland)

                           October 26, 2006 Thursday

Cunningham faces lay-off

SECTION: SPORT; Football

LENGTH: 449 words


SUNDERLAND defender Kenny Cunningham has been sidelined by injury once again.

The 35-year-old returned to action in Saturday's 2-0 Championship victory over
Barnsley after two games out with a hamstring injury.

However, he limped off at half-time and although the full extent of the damage
is not yet clear, a knee ligament problem seems certain to keep the former
Republic of Ireland skipper out for several weeks.

However, there is better news for fellow countryman Stephen Elliott, who has not
played since the 3-0 win at Leeds on September 13. The 22-year-old has returned
to training after an ankle injury.

Meanwhile, Sunderland outcast Clive Clarke refuses to believe that he's finished
at the Stadium of Light despite being sent on loan to Coventry by boss Roy
Keane.

Wicklow-born defender Clarke only arrived at the club in August although his
four appearances have unfortunately culminated in defeats. Happily for him, his
first game on loan at Coventry brought better news with a 2-1 win over
Colchester .

"I don't feel it's the end of things at Sunderland, not at all," says Clarke.
"If I get five or six games under my belt at Coventry it'll be a bonus for me
and then what will be, will be."

FA facing Croatia chargeTHE English Football Association have been charged by
UEFA over the "improper behaviour" of England supporters in Croatia.

The Croatian Football Federation have also been charged for allegedly
mishandling the entry of fans into the Maksimir Stadium in Zagreb ahead of the
Euro 2008 qualifier earlier this month, as well as failure to control some of
the home fans.

The matter will be dealt with at the next meeting of UEFA's control and
disciplinary body on November 9, with the FA confirming they will strongly
contest the charge.

UEFA director of communications William Gaillard said: "In the case of the
English FA the charge is misconduct of the supporters. It is just a charge,
levelled by the prosecution.

"This (the FA's mitigation) will be part of the case, and of course the control
and disciplinary body has the power to dismiss the case for one or both of the
FAs, or to apply sanctions.

"On the side of the Croatian FA, (the charge) is specifically the mishandling of
the entrance process in the stadium in Zagreb and also some crowd misbehaviour."

If found guilty the FA could face anything from a fine to being forced to play
England matches behind closed doors.

Nicol's eyes on USA jobFORMER Liverpool and Scotland defender Steve Nicol has
confirmed his interest in succeeding Bruce Arena as USA national team coach.

Nicol is currently manager of Major League Soccer side New England Revolution
and believes he could combine both roles.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                                October 12, 2009

In Lawsuit, CU Claims Ex-CEO 'Scrubbed' Records Of Files

BYLINE: Ed Roberts

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4 Vol. 13 No. 41

LENGTH: 513  words


KEY WEST, Fla.-Troubled Keys FCU, taken under conservatorship by NCUA two weeks
ago, has stepped up its battle with its former president, claiming the chief
executive of the $200-million credit union "scrubbed" or erased thousands of
computer files just before his November 2007 firing.

The allegations are part of a wrongful termination suit filed by John
Dolan-Heitlinger, who is seeking more than $700,000 in deferred compensation and
back pay from the credit union he headed for 16 years. The suit was originally
filed in state court but moved this week to federal court after the
conservatorship.

Sources familiar with the case say the potential expense of the ex-CEO's claims
did not force the NCUA takeover. Keys FCU, the largest CU in the Florida Keys,
reported losses of $1.8-million for 2008 and of $2.4 million for the first half
of 2009.

The credit union is alleging that just prior to his firing, Dolan-Heitlinger
destroyed important information related to charges against him by using file
"scrubbing" software. The majority of the files were created in the three months
before the firing when the then-CEO "knew he was under investigation" by the
Keys FCU board, the suit claims. Among the files allegedly scrubbed were those
of the former director of human resources, who had been fired over a sexual
misconduct claim.

The suit alleges that Dolan-Heitlinger bought the scrubbing software,
CyberScrub, used to overwrite files, and Registry Detective, used to search,
edit and delete software, with his Keys FCU credit card. The software was
allegedly discovered by a forensic expert hired after Dolan-Heitlinger's firing
on two computers used by the then-CEO and one used by the former HR director,
the lawsuit alleges. In the suit, Keys FCU also claims that a credit union
insider allied with Dolan-Heitlinger passed him a digital media card with
confidential credit union documents after the firing and it is asking the court
to order its return.

In support of his wrongful termination claim, Dolan-Heitlinger notes he was not
invited to attend two October 2007 board meetings where his firing was
discussed, and he was never allowed to present a defense of his actions.

The board asserts the firing was for "just cause" for a variety of actions,
including: leasing the CU's property for residential arrangements in violation
of NCUA regulations; concealing the creation of a non-profit CU foundation from
the board; approving illegal compensation arrangements without telling the
board; concealing a consultant's report saying the compensation arrangements
were excessive; mishandling a sexual claim against KFCU's director of HR, and
mishandling multi-million dollar construction contracts with the credit union,
among other things.

A lawyer for the credit union was confident of their case. "We feel very
strongly that this lawsuit is without merit and that we will prevail in this
litigation because Mr. Dolan-Heitlinger was terminated for cause," said Alan
Rosenthal, a Miami lawyer representing the credit union. Attorneys for
Dolan-Heitlinger could not be reached.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  January 05, 2000, Wednesday, 5 Star Edition

What's going on with . . .

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; IN BRIEF; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 244 words



FIRED NUCLEAR SCIENTIST: A fired weapons lab scientist is appealing a lower
court ruling denying him bail as he awaits trial on charges of mishandling some
of the nation's top nuclear secrets.

Lawyers for Wen Ho Lee filed their notice of appeal Tuesday in the 10th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver.

Lee, 60, has pleaded innocent to 59 counts under the Atomic Energy and Espionage
Acts. If convicted, the former employee of the Los Alamos National Laboratory
could be sentenced to life in prison. A trial may be a year away.

WTO PROTESTERS: Seattle officials said Tuesday that they were dropping all but
about 40 of the unresolved misdemeanor cases stemming from the tumultuous street
protests of the World Trade Organization meeting.

A few of the protesters said they opposed the move because they hoped to use
their trials to showcase the city's mishandling of the demonstrations. All told,
there were about 600 arrests during the protests, which began on Nov. 30 and
continued for much of the week.

Also . . .

HISTORIC NEWSPAPER FOR SALE: Time has run out on efforts by the family that owns
the Chicago Defender to maintain a role at the fabled newspaper that once helped
lure blacks off Southern plantations and into Northern factories.

A $ 10-million plan that would have left the Sengstacke family with 49 percent
of the company has fallen through. Now the daily newspaper is on the auction
block to pay $ 3-million in estate taxes.


LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Black Forest Fire Investigation

BYLINE: Tom McGhee

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 686 words


COLORADO SPRINGS Making his first public appearance since a sex scandal
surfaced, embattled El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa said Tuesday the cause
of the deadly Black Forest fire might never be known.

Maketa said the investigation continues, but several factors have been ruled out
as the cause of the June 11, 2013 fire, including lightning, campfires, smoking
and children playing.

"I don't think that we will ever have a concrete cause of ignition," Maketa said
at a news conference to present an After Action report on the county's response
to the blaze.

The fire killed two people and destroyed 489 homes. Insured damage is estimated
at $420.5 million, and it was the second most damaging wildfire in Colorado
after the Waldo Canyon fire burned in Colorado Springs city limits the year
before.

Black Forest Chief Bob Harvey has said it probably was human caused. Maketa
condemned Harvey for talking about an active investigation and accused him of
mishandling the blaze.

Maketa stood by his criticism of Harvey on Tuesday, saying there was chaos in
the early hours of the fire, but "there are steps to mitigate chaos." He
indicated those steps weren't taken.

Maketa said that as a result of lessons learned in the fire, his officers now
have flame resistant clothing and respirator protection masks.

The number of different agencies, many of them with radios that used different
frequencies than El Paso County's, sometimes made communication difficult, he
said. The sheriff's office now has 75 radios in reserve for responders who come
into the area, Maketa said.

Maketa said the county has added 25 members to a wildland firefighting team,
bringing membership to 60.

Responders were regularly debriefed during the fire, but in the future there
should be debriefings at the end of each shift, and information taken from them
should be in more depth, Maketa said.

"We felt a lot more information could have been shared," he said.

In Black Forest, responders didn't know where cisterns that could have added to
the amount of water available to fight the fire were. "We're working through
that," Maketa said.

However, mobilization of resources was quicker than in past fires, and
information was given to the public more quickly. Teams of deputies were sent
into burn areas at night, when the blaze was more calm to see what properties
were damaged and destroyed. There were teams of 18 deputies "driving through
areas where street signs didn't exist."

Sometimes the only sign of a home was ash and a concrete slab, Maketa said.

"This office has never been as prepared as we are today" to react to a fire, he
said.

In March, the fire district released a 2,000 page report that said resources
were ordered in secret to protect the home of a sheriff's commander while other
houses nearby burned. Maketa called that report "garbage."

Another investigation into the Black Forest Fire Rescue Department's handling of
the of the blaze released in February cleared the chief and his department of
mishandling the fire.

Last month, voters replaced three of five members of the Black Forest Fire
Board.

Last week, Harvey said he had post traumatic stress disorder and took a leave of
absence.

Maketa is entangled in a sex scandal, accused of having inappropriate sexual
relationships with female employees, promoting employees to positions they
didn't earn and misusing tax money.

In a video Maketa sent to Sheriff's Office employees, he apologized for engaging
in "inappropriate behavior in the past."

County commissioners recently asked Maketa to step down, but he reiterated on
Tuesday that he has no immediate plans to leave office. His term ends in
January, and he noted that an independent investigation has been launched into
the scandal.

"As I said I am staying here until this investigation is completed," Maketa
said.

When asked whether he was releasing the Black Forest fire report to deflect from
the attention the scandal has generated, Maketa said: "People can say what they
want and twist what they want. I think it would be a disservice" to delay the
report.

Tom McGhee: 303 954 1671, tmcghee@denverpost.com or twitter.com/dpmcghee

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Fire's origin a mystery

BYLINE: Tom McGhee

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 689 words


COLORADO SPRINGS Making his first public appearance since a sex scandal
surfaced, embattled El Paso County Sheriff Terry Maketa said Tuesday that the
cause of the deadly Black Forest fire might never be known.

Maketa said the investigation continues, but several factors have been ruled out
as the cause of the June 11, 2013, fire, including lightning, campfires, smoking
and children playing.

"I don't think that we will ever have a concrete cause of ignition," Maketa said
at a news conference to present an after action report on the county's response
to the blaze.

The fire killed two people and destroyed 489 homes. Insured damage is estimated
at $420.5 million, and it was the second most damaging wildfire in Colorado
after the Waldo Canyon fire, which burned in the Colorado Springs city limits
the year before.

Black Forest Chief Bob Harvey has said it probably was human caused. Maketa
condemned Harvey for talking about an active investigation and accused him of
mishandling the blaze.

Maketa stood by his criticism of Harvey on Tuesday, saying there was chaos in
the early hours of the fire, but "there are steps to mitigate chaos." He
indicated those steps weren't taken.

Maketa said that as a result of lessons learned in the fire, his officers now
have flame resistant clothing and respirator protection masks. The number of
different agencies, many of them with radios that used different frequencies
than El Paso County's, sometimes made communication difficult, he said. The
sheriff's office now has 75 radios in reserve for responders who come to the
area, Maketa said.

Maketa said the county has added 25 members to a wildland firefighting team,
bringing membership to 60.

Responders were debriefed regularly during the fire, but in the future there
should be debriefings at the end of each shift, and information taken from them
should be more in depth, Maketa said.

"We felt a lot more information could have been shared," he said.

In Black Forest, responders didn't know where cisterns that could have added to
the amount of water available to fight the fire were.

"We're working through that," Maketa said.

However, mobilization of resources was quicker than in past fires, and
information was given to the public more quickly. Teams of deputies were sent
into burn areas at night, when the blaze was more calm, to see what properties
were damaged and destroyed.

There were teams of 18 deputies "driving through areas where street signs didn't
exist."

Sometimes the only sign of a home was ash and a concrete slab, Maketa said.

"This office has never been as prepared as we are today" to react to a fire, he
said.

In March, the fire district released a 2,000 page report that said resources
were ordered in secret to protect the home of a sheriff's commander while other
houses nearby burned. Maketa called that report "garbage."

Another investigation into the Black Forest Fire Rescue Department's handling of
the of the blaze released in February cleared the chief and his department of
mishandling the fire.

Last month, voters replaced three of five members of the Black Forest Fire
Board.

Last week, Harvey said he had post traumatic stress disorder and took a leave of
absence.

Maketa is entangled in a sex scandal, accused of having inappropriate sexual
relationships with female employees, promoting employees to positions they
didn't earn and misusing tax money.

In a video Maketa sent to sheriff's office employees, he apologized for engaging
in "inappropriate behavior in the past."

County commissioners recently asked Maketa to step down, but he reiterated on
Tuesday that he has no immediate plans to leave office.

His term ends in January, and he noted that an independent investigation has
been launched into the scandal.

"As I said, I am staying here until this investigation is completed," Maketa
said.

When asked whether he was releasing the Black Forest fire report to deflect from
the attention the scandal has generated, Maketa said: "People can say what they
want and twist what they want. I think it would be a disservice" to delay the
report.

Tom McGhee: 303 954 1671, tmcghee@denverpost.com or twitter.com/dpmcghee

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sheriff Terry Maketa also answered questions about accusations he was
having affairs with female subordinates.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            March 10, 2007 Saturday

US NURSING GROUP WANTS FULL RETAKE

LENGTH: 711 words


The American Nurses Association (ANA) has added to the woes of the Filipino
nurses of batch June 2006 licensure exam: ANA urges them to retake the entire
licensure exam not just Tests 3 and 5.

ANA's members include hospital nursing supervisors and administrators throughout
the United States. They have a say in the hiring of hospital personnel.

In a news release to the US media, ANA said: "Following the investigations by
the Commission on Graduates of Foreign Nursing Schools (CGFNS) and the
Philippine government, it was discovered that at least 110 questions (22
percent) of the 500 question exam were known by large numbers of examinees and
test preparation operators."

"It is clear that the exam was significantly compromises. In the interest of
public health and safety, ANA believes that every effort must be made to protect
the professional exam and licensure process in order to uphold the public trust
and confidence," ANA President Rebecca M. Patton was quoted to have said.

The Professional Regulation Commission (PRC) learned about this recommendation
from a letter of Patton dated February 28 and addressed to the PRC Board of
Nursing chairman.

The PRC BON has not informed the June 2006 batch and the public of this letter.

Patton told the PRC that her association's board of directors "gave serious
consideration to the implications the compromised exam, particularly given the
public's reliance on this process as a measure of nursing knowledge. As a result
of these deliberations, the ANA Board passed a resolution stating that all
passing applicants of the June 2006 Philippine nurse licensure examination,
wishing to be considered for entrance into the United States to practice
nursing, should be required to retake a new and different nurse licensure test
and obtain a passing score."

She added: "This action should not in any way penalize or be unduly burdensome
to the impacted nurses. ANA certainly understands that the June 2006 applicants
who passed the examination are lawfully licensed to practice nursing in the
Philippines."

Patton started her letter with the statement that the association "appreciates
the difficulty related to events as they have unfolded since the June 2006
nursing examination. It is clear that this has been a very trying time for
nurses and nursing in the Philippines. Recognizing that this is a matter of the
public's health and safety, ANA stands in solidarity with you as you pursue all
strategies to restore the integrity of the professional nursing examination and
licensure process."

She also said "The United States clearly benefits from the many excellent
Philippine nurses who come here to practice nursing."

But she made it clear that the ANA's recommendation is being made precisely to
make sure that the health of Americans are not made to suffer by the entry to
the USA of Filipino nurses who might not have been properly tested or became
licensed nurses despite "the compromised exam."

ANA, the only full-service professional organization representing the interests
of the USA's 2.9 million registered nurses with 54 constituent member nurses
organizations, released its recommendation "to the Philippine government" to the
US medical media on March 2.

The Filipino nurses belonging to the "retake faction" in the controversy issued
a statement reviewing the mishandling of the exam leakage problem by the PRC.
(See page A5 for full text.)

The statement was issued by the UST Faculty Association of the College of
Nursing, the Binuklod na Samahan ng mga Student Nurses and the League of
Concerned Nurses.

Professor Rene M. Tadle, president of the UST nursing faculty association, told
The Times PRC chairperson, Dr. Leonor Rosero, should resign for her agency's
"grave mishandling of the leakage scandal, efforts to cover up the leakage and
silence the whistleblowers, and giving false hopes to the nurses."

The other signatories of the statement, Angelo S. Brant, of the student nurses
federation (Binuklod na Samahan) and Earl Francis R. Sumile, president of the
League of Concerned Nurses, told The Times retaking Tests 3 and 5 as they had
urged as early as July should have solved the problem.

"Instead, the PRC even tried to harm our reputation, those of us who are for
retake," Sumile said.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory Bodies

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2007 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 25, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Justice reopens probe of ex-CIA chief Last year, same department decided his
mishandling of data was just careless

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 352 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Federal prosecutors have launched a new investigation
of former CIA director John Deutch's handling of classified information,
Attorney General Janet Reno said Thursday.

The review by the Justice Department's Criminal Division comes
nearly a year after the same division found Deutch's behavior
careless, but not worthy of prosecution.

Deutch violated security rules by transferring sensitive intelligence
data from protected government computer systems to several unsecure
computers, including systems at his homes in Massachusetts and
Maryland, the CIA's inspector general concluded in a report made
public Tuesday.


The former director downloaded information about covert intelligence
operations, classified budget information and top-secret memos
to President Clinton and Vice President Gore, the report found.

The former agency director apologized to the Senate Intelligence
Committee for his actions.

"We're looking at the whole matter to determine whether there
is any basis for further action," Reno said.

Deutch, who served as CIA director from May 1995 to December 1996,
could not be reached for comment.

The attorney general refused to elaborate on the direction of
the inquiry.

But a senior Justice official said prosecutors would consider
the conclusions of the CIA inspector general and review the department's
previous examination of Deutch's actions.

The CIA report determined that the agency was slow both to begin
its own internal investigation of Deutch and in referring the
matter for review by the Justice Department.

Only 2 weeks old, the Justice investigation will likely explore
whether there was an attempt to obstruct the inquiry within the
CIA or whether there was enough evidence to indicate that the
mishandling of sensitive data was criminal.

In blunt language, the CIA report concluded that Deutch "processed
a large volume of highly classified information on unclassified
computers, taking no steps to restrict access to the information
and thereby placing national security information at risk."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Julia Malakie, AP; Deutch: Was CIA director from May 1995
to December 1996.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

White House tackles college sexual assaults

BYLINE: Aamer Madhani, and Rachel Axon, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 448 words


The Obama administration on Monday announced a series of steps it plans to take
to try to reduce the epidemic of sexual assault on college campuses, including
pushing colleges and universities to become more transparent in their reporting
of incidents.

Vice President Biden will formally unveil the report from the White House Task
Force to Protect Students from Sexual Assault today. The report details plans to
launch the website NotAlone.gov, where enforcement data will be published, as
well as an effort to require colleges and universities to conduct anonymous
surveys of their student bodies by 2016 to get a better understanding of how
frequently incidents happen on campus.

The White House is also calling on colleges and universities to voluntarily
conduct surveys in 2015 and says it will explore legislative or administrative
options to make it mandatory for schools to begin conducting the surveys in
2016.

"Colleges and universities need to face the facts about sexual assault," Biden
will say, according to prepared remarks. "No more turning a blind eye or
pretending it doesn't exist. We need to give victims the support they need."

In addition, the Department of Education will provide schools with new guidance
that clarifies that on-campus counselors can talk to victims of assault in
confidence.

The task force is also providing schools with a checklist to use to draft or
re-evaluate their sexual misconduct policies, and it announced that the Justice
Department will develop trauma-informed training programs for school officials
and campus and local law enforcement this year.

The White House's announcement comes a little more than a week after a
bipartisan group of seven senators called on the Obama administration to embrace
a trio of reforms -- including conducting annual, anonymous surveys about sexual
violence on campus and bolstering disclosure of federal investigations into
colleges for alleged mishandling of sexual violence on campus.

Nearly one in five women and one in 16 men are victims of an attempted or
completed rape while in college, according to a 2007 study commissioned by the
National Institute of Justice.

Under the 1972 federal Title IX laws, sexual harassment and violence are
considered forms of sex discrimination. The law requires colleges and
universities that receive federal funds to investigate claims and provide a
timely and impartial grievance procedure. Non-compliance  can result in the
department revoking  funding, although that has never happened.

The Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights counts 53 pending cases
involving allegations against colleges and universities for mishandling of
sexual assault cases on campuses.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 19, 2001 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Suit Accuses Federal Contractors of Mishandling Cleanup at Nuclear Lab

BYLINE:  By JO THOMAS

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1251 words

DATELINE: IDAHO FALLS, Idaho


Buried in underground tanks and dumped into trenches at the Idaho National
Engineering and Environmental Laboratory northwest of here is a witches' brew of
deadly chemicals and radioactive waste left over from the cold war. It includes
enough plutonium debris from the Rocky Flats weapons plant in Colorado to build
hundreds of nuclear bombs.

This laboratory, more than half the size of Rhode Island, has built and tested
civilian and military nuclear reactors for 52 years. Because of its residues and
stored wastes, it was designated a Superfund site in 1989, and the government
started trying to clean it up. Now two men who audited that effort say in a
federal lawsuit that government contractors who were paid hundreds of millions
of dollars made the contamination worse. When the auditors complained, they
said, they were harassed until they resigned.

The auditors said the contractors deliberately bypassed safety measures, turned
off monitors and alarms, falsified documents, did not report spills, dumped
hazardous wastes on the ground and illegally sent waste from a pit contaminated
with plutonium to a public landfill.

Those contentions shed a different light on what state and federal officials
told the public about the contractors' problems at the site. And in internal
documents, federal officials shared some of the auditors' concerns.

Officials at the Idaho Division of Environmental Quality announced in May 1999
that the United States Energy Department, as the site owner, would pay $504,000
in fines and costs for mishandling dangerous waste. The division, and Energy
Department officials, said at the time that the violations resulted from
oversights or from problems created before the contractors took over.

"Things happen," Mike Gregory, the hazardous waste enforcement coordinator for
the state, said in an interview. "Someone gets lazy. Or they think they're doing
right."

But in 1998, an internal Energy Department review said the contractor that
oversaw the lab and ran the cleanup at that time, Lockheed Martin Idaho
Technologies, had not established "an underlying culture of rigor, discipline
and sustaining leadership" on environmental, safety and health issues.

That review, signed by John M. Wilcynski, manager of the Energy Department's
Idaho Operations Office, said that three major accidents, including the deaths
of two workers, had occurred. He recommended that the contract be put out for
bid.

Jim Fetig, a spokesman for the Lockheed Martin Corporation, based in Bethesda,
Md., said that there might have been environmental missteps in Idaho, but that
none were intentional.

"I don't think for a second that there was an ethos of nonconcern about
environmental issues," Mr. Fetig said.

Waste was stored improperly in some cases, he said, but it was hard to find out
what old storage tanks contained. "They are still trying to get a handle on
what's in those tanks and what to do with it," Mr. Fetig said. "There was a lot
of bad stuff out there and only so much money. A contractor can only do what the
Department of Energy approves."

Lockheed Martin did not seek to renew its contract in Idaho, but still manages
two research facilities for the Energy Department, the Sandia National
Laboratories in Albuquerque and the Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory in
Schenectady, N.Y.

Besides Lockheed Martin, which ran the site from October 1994 through September
1999, the lawsuit names EG&G Idaho Inc., the contractor that ran the site from
1976 to 1994, and the Westinghouse Idaho Nuclear Company, which ran the Idaho
Chemical Processing plant from 1989 to 1994. The plant stored and reprocessed
nuclear waste from reactors around the world.

Mark J. Meagher, a Denver lawyer representing Westinghouse, said the company
denied all the charges. Edward W. Pike, an Idaho Falls lawyer representing EG&G,
declined to comment on the case.

Also named is Coleman Research, a Lockheed Martin subcontractor that employed
the auditors, Neil Mock and Scott Lebow. William Goodrich, a lawyer for Coleman,
said the company did not retaliate against the men for their complaints.

The lawsuit is being brought under a federal law that allows individuals who
contend that contractors committed fraud to sue on the government's behalf and
recover 25 percent to 30 percent of any judgment. The suit was filed in 1996 in
United States District Court in Pocatello, Idaho, but was kept under seal until
the government decided three years ago not to join it.

The Energy Department considers the Idaho laboratory, now managed by BWXT Idaho,
a consortium led by Bechtel Inc., essential to the future of nuclear power, both
civilian and military. The laboratory has also been named to lead development of
new cleanup technologies.

The auditors arrived at the laboratory in the early 1990's. Mr. Lebow was a
senior environmental, safety and quality regulatory compliance specialist. Mr.
Mock was a senior scientist.

They said that they were told that employees of Westinghouse and Lockheed Martin
had turned off spill alarms on 300,000-gallon tanks containing liquid high-level
radioactive waste, and that no one responded to two spills they saw in 1995.

They said Lockheed Martin tried to flush out four other storage tanks EG&G had
described as empty. When the tanks were found to contain corrosives contaminated
by mercury at a rate nine times the reportable level, Lockheed Martin continued
flushing the contaminated water -- 2.4 million pounds in all -- into a pond for
absorption into the soil and for evaporation.

Brad Bugger, a spokesman for the Department of Energy in Idaho, said that the
mercury spill was an example of bad management but that it posed no additional
risk to the environment because "only a couple of ounces of mercury" were
involved.

Mr. Mock and Mr. Lebow charge that from 1995 to 1998 Lockheed Martin employees
occasionally disabled or disconnected the monitoring devices on smokestacks at a
plant where high-level radioactive waste was processed, to conceal excess
emissions of iodine-131, a radioactive isotope that is readily absorbed by the
human body. They say this happened at the laboratory's Nuclear Technology and
Environmental Complex, formerly known as the Idaho Chemical Processing Plant.

In 1995, they said, monitors were also disabled at the laboratory's Waste
Experimental Reduction Facility, which burned radioactive paper, clothing,
plastic and garbage. That incinerator was closed last October after citizens
threatened to sue Idaho officials, who denied it a hazardous waste permit.

When Lockheed Martin managers were told in writing about the disabling of the
air pollution monitors, the auditors say, the company told staff members not to
report these acts to the authorities. Lockheed Martin denies this.

Boxes of soil contaminated with hazardous waste, improperly labeled as low-level
waste, were sent illegally to a disposal site in Utah in 1996, Mr. Mock and Mr.
Lebow say, and a Lockheed Martin subcontractor, Lockheed Martin Advanced
Environmental Systems, illegally disposed of waste from Pit 9, which contains
plutonium and other radioactive substances, in the Bonneville County landfill.

This month, Gary Johnson, the assistant inspector general of the Environmental
Protection Agency, said he would look into questions about the laboratory raised
by local environmental organizations concerned about airborne emissions. Another
local organization has warned of dangers to the Snake River Aquifer, which is
the water supply for 20 percent of Idaho's population.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Containers of low-level radioactive waste stored at the Idaho
National Engineering and Environmental Laboratory, northwest of Idaho Falls.
(Randy G. Hayes for The New York Times) Map of Idaho highlighting Idaho National
Engineering and Environmental Laboratory: The laboratory has built and tested
nuclear reactors for 52 years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 7, 2002 Saturday
                    Flagler/palm Coast News-tribune Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: A; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 543  words


Kanbar remains man of integrity

In reply to story that was published in the Aug. 31 issue of The News-Tribune,
"Kanbar, Wilson spice up forum," we are outraged by the accusations of Jim
Wilson at Blair Kanbar at League of Women Voters' political forum last week.The
article says Wilson accused Kanbar of being forced out of his job in Newton,
Mass., as a purchasing agent for the city and of mishandling homeowners
association funds for the Sea Colony subdivision.

Then Wilson is quoted as saying, "All you have to do is ask the people of Sea
Colony where he lives."

We have lived in Sea Colony for five years. We absolutely resent the libelous
accusations against Blair Kanbar by Jim Wilson. The people in Sea Colony know
and respect the Kanbars.

Some person, or persons, made an accusation and then this Jim Wilson states it
as a matter of fact, when in fact it is a statement of misinformation and an
insult to the integrity of Blair Kanbar. Jim Wilson, besides being
mean-spirited, should let the public know about his shortcomings and arrests and
convictions.

He should try a bit harder at not smearing a good man's reputation, like Blair
Kanbar, who has been an asset as Flagler County's commissioner, as well as a
trusted leader here at Sea Colony.

SAUL AND MARTHA GERINGER

Palm Coast

Get facts straight

In an Aug. 31 story in The News-Tribune, Jim Wilson questioned the integrity of
Mr. Blair Kanbar. Having served on the executive board of the Sea Colony
Homeowners Association with Mr. Kanbar, I feel compelled to inform you that
nothing could be further from the truth. At no time was there a case of
misappropriation of funds or irregular expenditures and, as treasurer, I was in
a position to know this.

I always found Mr. Kanbar to be open and honest. His integrity was above and
beyond reproach. There are many residents in Sea Colony who do not share the
opinion of the Sea Colony resident who was interviewed by Mr. Kanbar's opponent
in the election on Tuesday. The negative comments that his opponent repeated are
a great injustice and misinterpretation of the facts.

FRANK PIERCE

Palm Coast

Wilson was wrong

The accusation made by Jim Wilson against County Commission Blair Kanbar at the
League of Women Voters' political forum last week, alleging "mishandling of
homeowners association funds for Sea Colony Subdivision" are utterly false.

I was president of the Sea Colony Board of Directors during the period that Mr.
Kanbar also was a board member. Mr. Kanbar's vision for Sea Colony was noble and
proactive. In Sea Colony Mr. Kanbar always was very concerned with each
resident, striving to enhance quality of life and property values. The list of
improvements that Sea Colony now enjoys (too many to mention here) can be
attributed to Mr. Kanbar's vision. These accomplishments were approved
unanimously, in most cases, by the five-member Board of Directors.

There was no "mishandling of homeowners association funds" as Jim Wilson
claimed. Sea Colony had no better board member than Blair Kanbar. Perhaps Jim
Wilson should check his facts before he makes such accusations.

Sea Colony has a yearly financial audit to substantiate that it received fair
value for all monies spent during Mr.Kanbar's time as a Sea Colony board member.

BOB ROBERTI

Palm Coast

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

Hearing in feds' case against Norwich CPA delayed again

BYLINE: Brian Hallenbeck, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


June 02--A federal judge has approved Norwich accountant F. Robert LaSaracina's
latest request to delay a preliminary hearing on fraud and money-laundering
charges filed against him seven months ago.

In granting LaSaracina a third continuance in the case, U.S. Magistrate Judge
Donna Martinez set a hearing date for July 15 in Hartford. It had been set for
June 13. Martinez' order, signed May 24, says the extra time will permit "a
negotiated resolution and guilty plea," which "will serve the ends of justice
and outweigh the best interest of the public and the defendant in a speedy
trial."

LaSaracina has been free on $500,000 bond since his arrest last October in
connection with his alleged mishandling of a Norwich estate as trustee and his
alleged defrauding of investors. He was charged with mail fraud, wire fraud and
money laundering.

A preliminary hearing was originally set for Nov. 10, then rescheduled for April
14 and then June 13.

In a motion filed last week, LaSaracina's attorneys sought a 60-day continuance,
"including but not limited to August 15, 2011, in which to hold a preliminary
hearing." The attorneys said they had consulted the chief prosecutor in the
case, Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael McGarry, who had indicated the government
has no objection to the motion.

"Counsel for both the Defendant and the Government have begun substantive
discussions regarding the present matter, and have a meeting scheduled for June
15, 2011 to continue those discussions," LaSaracina's attorneys say in the
motion.

"Any further motions to continue shall include a more detailed showing of good
cause," Martinez' order says.

LaSaracina also faces state criminal charges in connection with his alleged
failure to file withholding tax returns for employees of his business, F. Robert
LaSaracina, CPA, LLC. Released on a $5,000 bond after his November arrest,
LaSaracina pleaded not guilty last month in Hartford Superior Court to eight
counts against him. A pretrial hearing is scheduled for June 27.

Also last month, LaSaracina's attorney in five civil cases in New London
Superior Court was allowed to withdraw as counsel because of a potential claim
that he has a conflict of interest. The attorney, Mark Block, did not disclose
the nature of the potential claim in a motion he filed with the court.

The cases from which Block has withdrawn include two related to LaSaracina's
alleged mishandling of the Norwich estate. In one, a conservator for one of the
estate's beneficiaries accuses LaSaracina of malpractice and in the other
LaSaracina is appealing a probate court judge's ruling that LaSaracina owes the
estate $4.2 million. The other cases include two brought against LaSaracina by
plaintiffs who claim he induced them to invest in fraudulent schemes and a third
involving a bank's foreclosure on his home.

b.hallenbeck@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110602-NL-Hearing-in-feds-case-against-Norwich-CPA-delayed-again-0602-20110602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 17, 2005, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Detainees' lawsuits also allege sacrilege

BYLINE: Toni Locy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 655 words

Current and former detainees have been alleging for more than a year that
American soldiers in Afghanistan, Iraq and Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have desecrated
the Koran -- but none of the allegations has been substantiated by military
investigators.

The claims are made in some of the 65 lawsuits that have been filed in U.S.
District Court in Washington on behalf of nearly 180 detainees, as well as in
accounts given to human rights workers.

For instance, a lawsuit filed this year in Illinois by the American Civil
Liberties Union against Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld recounts a claim by a
detainee in Iraq who says soldiers allowed a military dog to carry the Islamic
holy book in the animal's mouth.

Another lawsuit filed in Washington in January on behalf of 12 Kuwaiti detainees
held at Guantanamo Bay alleges that American soldiers tore up the Koran and
threw pages into toilets as part of a humiliation tactic.


There have been no publicized disciplinary actions taken by the military against
soldiers for mishandling the Koran. A Pentagon list of 10 misconduct cases at
Guantanamo Bay shows that none involved disrespect of the Koran by soldiers.

And Newsweek magazine said Monday that it is retracting its story about a
military probe finding evidence of Koran abuse at Guantanamo Bay.

Whether abuse is substantiated or not, the issue continues to be a volatile one
in the Middle East. Newsweek's initial report was followed by rioting in
Afghanistan and other countries that left at least 15 people dead.

The Center for Constitutional Rights, a New York-based civil liberties group
that represents several detainees in lawsuits, says that interviews with
detainees and government documents have revealed a systemic use of religious
abuse as an interrogation tactic to humiliate prisoners.

In a statement Monday, the group says that the abuses include sexual taunting,
depriving detainees of long pants during prayer times, deliberate interference
with prayers, wrapping a prisoner in an Israeli flag, desecration and
mishandling of the Koran and, most recently, religious slurs directed toward
prisoners' attorneys.

Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said, "Newsweek's story about Koran desecration
is demonstrably false, and there have thus far been no credible allegations of
willful Koran desecration and Newsweek has produced no such evidence."

Army Lt. Col. Jim Marshall, a spokesman for the military's Southern Command,
said Monday that the military did not start looking at allegations of Koran
desecration until last week after the Newsweek article was published. The story
had reported that U.S. interrogators in Cuba had flushed a copy of the Koran
down a toilet.

Marshall said he did not know how long the inquiry would take. "We have a sense
of urgency about it. But we want to make sure it is thorough as well," he said.

U.S. troops' handling of the Koran is not a new issue. It was a key cause of
detainees' first hunger strike at Guantanamo in 2002, says John Sifton, a
researcher with Human Rights Watch in New York.

Detainees had alleged that a soldier had thrown the Koran on the ground.
Military commanders at Guantanamo Bay responded to the hunger strike by making
significant changes in conditions at the prison regarding religious practices,
Sifton said.

Some of the allegations, while never verified, get broad circulation. For
example, In December, a former detainee in Afghanistan was quoted in a Moroccan
newspaper as saying that American soldiers tore pages from the Koran and threw
them in toilets, according to a BBC translation of the article.

The Pentagon says that there are strict procedures in Cuba for soldiers to
minimize their touching of the Koran during searches of cells or during other
contact with detainees. Soldiers are also not allowed to interfere with
detainees during prayers or to touch their prayer beads.





LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: World

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday

Autopsy: Man killed self after officer's shooting

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 988 words


WEST BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. (AP) - A business executive who gunned down a
police officer responding to a trouble call at his suburban Detroit house
committed suicide, an autopsy found Tuesday.

Ricky Coley, 50, killed himself with a gunshot to the mouth, according to a
report by Dr. Cheryl Loewe of the Oakland County medical examiner's office.

Authorities said Coley fired through a wall and door as police approached his
room Sunday night, killing Officer Pat O'Rourke and precipitating a 20-hour
armed standoff that ended Monday with Coley dead in a weapons-strewn bedroom.

The businessman, who was going through legal and marital turmoil, shot O'Rourke
as officers responded to a report of a possible suicide attempt at his home in
West Bloomfield Township, authorities said. About 15 families were evacuated
from nearby homes during the subsequent standoff.

Coley and his wife had recently divorced and federal authorities filed a lawsuit
accusing him of mishandling employees' insurance funds.

West Bloomfield Township police said they were also called to his home about a
month ago because he was reportedly suicidal.

Coley owned CNC Holdings, a private equity firm that bought 51 percent interest
in Translogic Auto Carriers in 2008. Translogic, an 8-year-old company based in
the Michigan Thumb area town of Bad Axe, hauled new vehicles from automakers to
dealerships. It had more than 200 drivers and employed dozens of others in the
community.

Coley, who had worked for Ford Motor Co. and General Motors, believed he knew
what automakers needed, said business partner Lyn Tetreau, who owned the other
49 percent of Translogic.

Under the arrangement with his previous partner, Tetreau had run day-to-day
operations of Translogic, while his partner oversaw accounting and finances. But
Coley wanted more control, Tetreau said.

"Coley wanted to be involved in everything," Tetreau, 45, told The Associated
Press on Tuesday. "I was the minority owner. He was the majority. He demanded
more so than suggested what we do. Coley and I had a totally different
direction. We did a lot of bumping heads."

Tetreau said Coley fired him twice as company president, leading Tetreau to go
to court so he could stay in charge of operations.

Meanwhile, the U.S. auto industry was collapsing and the nation was in the Great
Recession. By 2010, Translogic would file for bankruptcy, despite Tetreau's
putting about a $1 million of his own money into the company.

But Coley appeared to be making money off Translogic even when bills weren't
being paid, Tetreau said.

"He put himself on a huge salary, working a couple of days each week while
barking out orders," Tetreau said. "Coley was trying to leverage as much capital
as he could for himself. Myself and the staff became puppets and he was pulling
the strings."

The U.S. Labor Department recently filed a lawsuit accusing Coley of mishandling
money that was supposed to cover employee insurance at Translogic. The lawsuit
says Coley also transferred $342,000 from Translogic to himself or his
affiliates.

"I don't believe what has taken place with Coley was based on his life at
Translogic," Tetreau said. "I think he had financial troubles and couldn't get
his hands on much cash and was not being able to control his personal life."

GM spokesman Greg Martin said Coley had worked in the automaker's information
technology section from 1996 to 2001.

Coley recently had lost his home as part of a divorce judgment in Oakland County
Circuit Court. His ex-wife, Deniece Coley, was given the house and $190 each
week in child support for their 7-year-old son. They were married in 1998 and
separated June 12 when Deniece Coley moved out.

In filing for divorce, she claimed Ricky Coley was "at fault for the breakdown
of the marriage due to his infidelity, physical, mental, emotional and
psychological abuse."

Deniece Coley also claimed her husband had physically attacked her on two
occasions, including a June 12 incident that she said caused "serious bodily
injuries."

The filing also said Ricky Coley had not worked in three years and was
undergoing psychological counseling. He had been ordered to vacate the home by
Monday.

Deniece Coley could not be reached for comment Tuesday. A man who answered the
phone at a number listed for her in the divorce filing declined comment when
reached by the AP before hanging up.

A woman who lives in the upscale neighborhood where the standoff and shootings
occurred was back home Monday night after her family was evacuated late Sunday
night. Jeannie Zimbalatti stood in her home Tuesday, pointing at a hole made by
a slug fired from Ricky Coley's home. It had passed through one of her bedrooms.

"(We were) trying to reconcile how we knew Rick to what we were seeing on TV,"
Ziimbalatti said. "We were unaware of what was transpiring in his personal life.
I'd had conversations with him about his business and we knew things were tough.
But there were no signs of any of this coming. He was an incredibly nice person
to us."

She described Officer O'Rourke, who was one of the officers who rang her
family's doorbell to get them to leave safely, as "selfless" and someone who
"cared about serving the community."

"We will be grateful to him forever," she said.

Flags remained at half-staff in West Bloomfield Township, northwest of Detroit.
A vigil for O'Rourke was planned for Tuesday night outside the township's police
station, and a funeral Mass is set for Friday.

Residents have been stopping by the station, where O'Rourke worked for 12 years,
and seeing how they can assist the slain officer's wife and four children.

Ada Bandalene left a check for $50. She asked the staff if it was "enough."

She said the news that an officer had been killed was "like a knife through my
heart."

"I didn't say 'Why here?" Bandalene said. "Things like that can happen all over
the country. No one is immune."

---

Associated Press writer Mike Householder contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

Hillsdale attorney agrees to disbarment and restitution

BYLINE: Edward Wesoloski

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 665  words


A Hillsdale County attorney has agreed to be disbarred for mishandling client
funds and keeping unearned legal fees under a settlement he reached with the
Attorney Grievance Commission.

The AGC accused John M. Macdonald, P 31666 in a multicount complaint filed last
September of not keeping client funds separate from his own money. The complaint
also alleged that Macdonald did not deposit advance legal fees in a trust
account and withdraw the money only when earned. And, Macdonald did not return
unearned legal fees, according to the complaint.

The case was assigned to Calhoun County Hearing Panel #1, consisting of Vern J.
Steffel, Jr., Nelson T. Karre and Daryl J. Mumford.

Macdonald, represented by Farmington Hills practitioner Thomas M. Loeb, answered
the complaint. Three scheduled hearings were adjourned while the AGC,
represented by Senior Associate Counsel Kimberly L. Uhuru, and Macdonald
negotiated a settlement.

The parties agreed to an amended complaint.

"The amended formal complaint corrected the amount respondent refunded to
complainant Chris Andrulis and added two counts which alleged that respondent
committed professional misconduct in his representation of a client in a
personal injury matter and failed answer a request for investigation," the panel
wrote.

On March 17, the parties submitted a stipulation for a consent order of
disbarment and restitution to the hearing panel.

In the stipulation, Macdonald admitted to the AGC's factual allegations and
allegations of professional misconduct.

The hearing panel considered "the stipulation and has concluded that it is
reasonable and is consistent with the goals of these discipline proceedings. "

The panel concluded that Macdonald violated Michigan Rule of Professional
Conduct 1.1(a) by neglecting a client matter. He did not act with diligence and
promptness, failed to keep a client up-to-date about a legal matter and did not
respond to a reasonable request for information from a client; this conduct
violated MRPC 1.3 and 1.4(a), the panel ruled.

Macdonald violated several subsections of MRPC 1.15(b) by mishandling client
funds, the panel wrote.

In addition, the panel determined that he violated MRPC 8.1(a)(2), Michigan
Court Rule 9.104(7) and MCR 9.113(A) and (B)(2) by failing to respond to an AGC
request for investigation.

The parties agreed that disbarment was appropriate under ABA Standard 4.11,
Failure to Preserve the Client's Property, and Standard 5.11, Failure to
Maintain Personal Integrity.

The panel noted that for purposes of the consent, the parties considered
aggravating and mitigating factors in Macdonald's case.

The relevant aggravating factors included:

Standard 9.22(b) (dishonest or selfish motive); Standard 9.22(c) (pattern of
misconduct); Standard 9.22(d) (multiple offenses); and Standard 9.22(i)
(substantial experience in the practice of law).

The relevant mitigating factors included:

Standard 9.32(a) (absence of a prior disciplinary record); Standard 9.22(d)
(good faith payment of full restitution to Chris Andrulis and payment of partial
restitution to Scott Stanlake); and Standard 9.32(e) (cooperative attitude
toward resolution of the proceedings).

The panel concluded "that the disposition accepted by the Attorney Grievance
Commission and recommended by the Grievance Administrator is appropriate under
the circumstances and should be accepted. "

The panel disbarred Macdonald effective April 11.

"In addition," the panel wrote, "the parties have stipulated, and the panel
agrees, that respondent shall pay restitution in the amount of $12,466.45 to
Scott Stanlake," another of Macdonald's clients.

The panel also imposed $879.32 in costs.

The case is Grievance Administrator v. John M. Macdonald, P 31666 MiLW No.
12-91612, 4 pages).

If you would like to comment on this story, email Edward Wesoloski at
ed.wesoloski@mi.lawyersweekly.com

http://www.milawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                             May 30, 2002 Thursday

Besieged British Transport Secretary finally gives in

BYLINE: By ANNE McHARDY

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 411 words


British Transport Secretary Stephen Byers finally resigned yesterday, after
clinging to power through months of Opposition and Government back bench abuse
over his mishandling of the chaos on trains and roads.

Byers bit the bullet on a day when a Conservative Party shadow minister said of
him "We will have to get the truth out of Stephen Byers and that will be like
drawing teeth".

He had clung to office with the apparent blessing of Prime Minister Tony Blair
since the outrage that followed an internal memo from his personal press officer
saying that the September 11 attack in New York provided the ideal cover for
putting out press releases about bad news.

Byers, frequently described as "Teflon-coated" and impervious to criticism,
fought off repeated calls for his resignation over his mishandling of internal
rows about the memo and his handling of the mess of the rail network.

His departure ironically displeased many of the rail accident victims'
organisations, which felt he was beginning to make a positive impact.

But it could open the way for the Government to rethink its policy of seeking
private investment to pay for improvements in public transport systems.

In the absence of Byers, who went to ground after announcing his resignation
outside No 10 Downing St, Blair could begin to make common cause with the Mayor
of London, Ken Livingstone.

Livingstone was in conflict with Byers over the threatened part-privatisation of
the London underground system.

Two years into Livingstone's four-year term, the problems of the underground
rail system, which is creaking badly, are not resolved.

Byers was pushing through the sale of the underground against the wishes of
Livingstone and of most Londoners.

The issue is becoming crucial, because the time is rapidly approaching when the
Blair Government will be obliged to back another official Labour Party candidate
for the mayoral elections in London or invite Livingstone back into the party.

He was expelled two years ago for standing as mayor against Labour Party
candidate Frank Dobson, who was selected in a comically obvious gerrymander of
party members'

votes and then defeated at the polls by Livingstone, whose main policy was to
improve London's transport system without privatising it.

Byers' departure came as rail disasters and rows over mishandling of public
policy piled up.

He said he was standing down because he had become a distraction from the
Government.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2002 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Open sesame;
Alibaba set for mega-debut on NYSE

BYLINE: Sam Mamudi, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B,6,4

LENGTH: 614 words


The clock won't be ticking on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. as market makers work
to arrange its first trade on the New York Stock Exchange.

"Whether it's 15 minutes to get to that solution or an hour and 15 minutes, we
don't really care," David Ethridge, the senior vice president at NYSE Group Inc.
who heads its initial public offering unit, said in an interview. "We're going
to be very supportive to the underwriting teams, the designated market maker and
all the other market participants in making sure we give them the kind of launch
they want."

The Chinese e-commerce company will probably break the record for the world's
biggest IPO. NYSE's computers have been tested and the exchange is ready to list
Alibaba, Ethridge said. The market owned by Intercontinental Exchange Inc. is
confident its auction system can handle any level of demand after Twitter Inc.'s
debut in November went off without a major hitch -- a contrast to Nasdaq OMX
Group Inc.'s mishandling of Facebook Inc.'s offering in 2012.

"We've got a lot of experience on the floor, and a lot of collective effort on
the Street" to prepare for the start of Alibaba on Sept. 19, Ethridge said. The
exchange is unfazed that Alibaba is coming to market on a day known as quadruple
witching that often sees extra volume and volatility due to the expiration of
options and futures, he said.

Twitter was the largest technology offering since Facebook's in May 2012, an IPO
that was marred by malfunctioning software at its listing exchange, Nasdaq. NYSE
avoided a reprise with Twitter, easing anxiety among traders.

When a company goes public, its bankers must first sell shares to an initial
group of investors. Once the stock has been distributed, the listing exchange
holds an auction to establish the first public price.

At NYSE, the process is managed by human traders in the exchange's Manhattan
headquarters. For Nasdaq, the other corporate listing exchange in the U.S., the
auction is run by software.

NYSE pitches this human touch as a key competitive advantage to help ensure
automated systems don't spiral out of control.

Nasdaq says its computers have repeatedly proven themselves reliable in the
years following Facebook.

Nasdaq paid a $10 million penalty to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
for its role in mishandling Facebook's IPO. The share sale suffered a delay to
the start of trading and errors that caused some investors to buy more shares
than they wanted.

Alibaba wants to raise $21.8 billion. It's seeking a valuation as high as $167.6
billion, more than 95 percent of companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 Index,
the benchmark gauge for U.S. stock prices.

Alibaba's debut will be the biggest for a technology company since Twitter began
trading on Nov. 7. As with that opening, Alibaba's primary market maker --
Barclays Plc, according to a person with direct knowledge of the matter -- will
run an auction after the official open of U.S. trading at 9:30 a.m. New York
time. Once the firm settles on a price, the stock will open for normal trading.

Popular IPOs can take time before their auctions are complete. Twitter's stock
began trading 79 minutes after the exchange opened, giving it one of the longest
auctions in the last decade.

By comparison, LinkedIn Corp.'s first trade was at about 10 a.m. on May 19,
2011, while Yelp Inc. needed about 15 minutes in March 2012, according to data
compiled by Bloomberg.

To prepare for Alibaba, NYSE held two tests, one in July and one on Sept. 6, to
allow brokers to check their and the exchange's systems.

The first day of trading coincides with the quarterly quadruple witching when
futures and options contracts on indexes and individual stocks expire.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A chef walks in the headquarter campus of Alibaba Group in Hangzhou in
eastern China's Zhejiang province.ASSOCIATED PRESS PHOTOS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              May 27, 2001 Sunday

McVeigh gets attention that he desires ; Execution: Those who believe the
government is evil and corrupt see this episode as more reinforcement

BYLINE: TELEGRAPH HERALD EDITORIAL

SECTION: Pg. a20

LENGTH: 414 words


Is Timothy McVeigh punished or vindicated for his 1995 bombing of the Murrah
Building in Oklahoma City?

Deterrence is the rationale for extraordinary punishment that hopes to make
others think about the consequences and stop them from committing a similar
crime. The average law-abiding citizen is deterred by the fear of severe
punishment and the loss of esteem. That might not be so in the case of those who
are motivated to take the law into their own hands.

In the case of Timothy McVeigh, the circumstances surrounding his case defeat a
reasonable hope of deterrence for those who think like McVeigh does.

McVeigh maintains that the bombing in Oklahoma City was necessary to bring down
an evil government. He did it for the larger good. He said he regretted the
killing of the children in the child-care center of the Murrah Building.
Nevertheless, he bemoaned the public's horror over the children killed because
their horror distracted from his political message. His political message?

Some Americans believe that the U.S. government is evil, as McVeigh did. Some
will be as patriotic as McVeigh is, willing to die for their country as they see
it. These will conclude that the government's treatment of McVeigh proves his
contention. His belief is strengthened by the suspicions of the FBI's
mishandling of Waco and their clear mishandling of evidence relating to
McVeigh's trial. Add those to the public and well-publicized objections to the
Justice Department's involvement in the Ruby Ridge and Elian Gonzales cases.
Some hold that the U.S. government, including the FBI, is evil and needs to
answer publicly for its anti-citizen raids. Gratefully, that is not the opinion
of the majority of Americans.

If anyone wishes to have a cause recognized, to gain national and international
attention, or to have a moment of fame, McVeigh shows how it can be done. In the
end, the notoriety surrounding McVeigh's trial and sentencing defeat
discouraging crime. We can say that he pays for his crime, but we cannot say
that deterrence results from his punishment. Why? Because it brought attention
to his cause, his purpose behind the bombing.

McVeigh has been largely vindicated by the notoriety surrounding his case. That
does not mean he is right or justified, just that his political agenda is being
heard. His act focuses attention on the so-called evil to which he objects. For
him that is a cause to die for, that is a cause for attracting attention.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                April 16, 2000, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Nation's immigration system open to fraud, auditor warns

BYLINE: JIM FOX

SECTION: NATIONAL; THE CANADA REPORT; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 753 words



The Canadian government's watchdog is warning that urgent action is needed to
eliminate potential fraud in the immigration system.

Auditor General Denis Desautels said in his annual report on government
operations that immigration officers get little training in how to conduct
background checks for criminal or terrorist activity. The report also says not
enough is done to guard against theft or mishandling of visa forms and
computerized files.

Officials stationed abroad are overworked and undertrained, the report says,
contributing to delays of up to three years in processing applications for
programs aimed at attracting skilled workers, entrepreneurs and investors.

Desautels expressed "serious concerns" about Royal Canadian Mounted Police
computer backlogs and delays in laboratory tests that could compromise law
enforcement and endanger the public.

The government is also cheating itself out of taxes by mishandling $ 2-billion a
year in scientific research credits for private industry, he said, pointing out
that tax writeoffs sometimes exceed the amount justified by documentation.

Via Rail getting more cash

The government's decision to give Via Rail $ 401.9-million for new, faster
trains will cut an hour off the four-hour Toronto-Montreal express train run.

The subsidy over the next five years will "significantly renew" the country's
passenger rail service, Transport Minister David Collenette said.

The money will be used to buy new rail cars, modernize signal systems, repair
the heavily used Windsor(Detroit)-Toronto-Montreal-Quebec City line, upgrade
stations and improve waste management.

The new spending boosts Via's funding by nearly 50 percent after years of
cutbacks to the government-run railway that serves 3.8-million passengers and
450 communities.

In brief

 A Montreal couple will appeal a conviction and $ 500 fine for violating
Quebec's language law. Judge Paul-Marcel Bellavance of Quebec Superior Court
ruled that the sign on Wally Hoffman and Gwen Simpson's antiques store, which
has English and French lettering that's the same size, is illegal because French
isn't dominant.

 Ottawa writer and community activist Margaret Kopala is the latest candidate to
lead the new right-wing Canadian Alliance party. Kopala, 54, is a former
Conservative candidate and will be up against Reform leader Preston Manning,
former Alberta treasurer Stockwell Day, Alliance member of Parliament Keith
Martin and Toronto lawyer Joe Peschisolido for the job.

 A 10-day strike by municipal workers in Toronto ended Monday with a tentative
agreement. The strike affected civic operations and services as janitors, health
inspectors and day care operators left their jobs. In Vancouver, a tentative
agreement was reached with the B.C. Film Projectionists' Union ending a 16-month
lockout at 29 Famous Players and Cineplex Odeon theaters.

Facts and figures

Canadian stock markets plunged Friday over fears of higher interest rates. The
Toronto Stock Exchange 300 Index closed down 492 points at 8,473. The Canadian
Venture Exchange index was off 325 points at 3,397.

The Canadian dollar plunged to 67.72 U.S. cents while the U.S. greenback
returned $ 1.4766 Canadian.

The Bank of Canada's key interest rate is unchanged at 5.5 percent and the prime
lending rate is 7 percent.

Lotto 6-49: (Wednesday) 10, 29, 34, 42, 46 and 47; bonus 40. (April 8) 5, 10,
24, 27, 30 and 45; bonus 2.

Regional briefs

 With what little snow there was over the winter now melted, Alberta's forest
fire season has started early. Crews have battled 46 wildfires, compared with 18
at the same time last year. Nearly 3,000 acres of timber have been scorched.
Most of the fires on the dry terrain have been blamed on human carelessness.

 Manitoba farmers are still waiting for government compensation for spring
flooding last year that made seeding on 1.1-million acres impossible. About 200
farmers gathered at the Manitoba legislature Wednesday to demand action. The
provincial and federal government haven't been able to agree on an appropriate
aid package.

 It's a political pie in the face for the Quebec government. Opposition
politicians learned the government gave $ 112,400 to a group of comic activists,
including pie-throwers who have targeted prominent politicians. The grants
supported Symfolium - a cultural celebration of "folly" including members of a
Montreal group called the pie-throwers, or Les entarteurs, some of whom have
been arrested for their pie pranks.


LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

After missteps reforms made by NOPD to Sex Crime Unit

LENGTH: 522  words


An executive order addressing the departments' missteps in handling rape cases
issued by New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu is admitting the failures of the New
Orleans Police Department

Landrieu said, "For too long, quite frankly, we have done a poor job in this
city of responding to sexual assault."

The police chief and mayor said they are now accepting recommendations and
making improvements.

"We recommitted ourselves to protecting the women and children of this city from
sexual violence and abuse," Landrieu said nine months after a report accused the
NOPD's sex crimes unit of mishandling hundreds of sexual assault or child abuse
cases.

Advocates have worked with the NOPD to make reforms and said every measure being
taken will make victims more willing to report sexual assaults, which have
largely been unreported because victims are often shamed by investigating
officers.

"This is the most unreported crime across the country," said Mary Claire Landry,
with the New Orleans Family Justice Center. She estimates 50 percent of sexual
assault cases go unreported, partly because victims are embarrassed, don't know
where to turn or feel shamed by the police.

Landry said, "If people in the community get the response that people don't
believe them or they're questioned so that they're blamed -- victim blaming is
something that happens a lot -- then people are going to stop reporting."

Reform efforts include moving the department's sex crimes unit to the New
Orleans Family Justice Center, new specialized training and limiting caseloads
to 26 per detective. Better equipment and more resources have been dedicated to
the sex crimes unit and the number of detectives has doubled.

Landry said, "Right now it could be double that for some of the detectives even
more, so we really want to make it realistic so that they can do the kind of
investigation that it requires."

Landry said they are also looking at incentive pay to retain the most committed
and qualified detectives to work the sex crimes unit. Those detectives are being
required to have 32 hours of specialized, in-depth training.

Landry said, "We found that many of these detectives were not getting the kind
of training that they need to understand trauma, to understand the impact of
trauma so they understand how to do an interview that was not going to be
re-victimizing the victim."

There will also be a case-review process; similar to what is done in child abuse
cases, to track the cases as they make their way through the legal system.

Landry said in the last six months there has been a 60 percent increase in the
number of sexual assaults being reported. There were 98 cases reported between
January and June of last year compared to 152 in the same time frame this year.

Landry said she believes the increase shows the public is reassured by efforts
the department has made.

Following the release of a November Inspector General report accusing the NOPD
of mishandling sexual assault cases over a three-year period, five detectives
were put on administrative reassignment and remain under investigation along
with two supervisors. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           August 23, 2006 Wednesday

Cops panel scans internal affairs probe

BYLINE: By Kristin Bender, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 536 words


BERKELEY -- The Berkeley Police Review Commission is investigating whether the
department properly handled the internal affairs probe of a former police
sergeant who admitted to stealing heroin and methamphetamine from the
department's evidence locker.

A police review commission subcommittee met for a third Monday to discuss the
timeline for the investigation, which should be completed by December, said
police commission officer Victoria Urbi.

In January, the police department's internal affairs unit began investigating
Sgt. Cary Kent, who was in charge of the drug evidence locker, when an audit
turned up "procedural irregularities" among the evidence.

Kent, who worked for the department for 18 years, resigned his post in March
rather than cooperate with the internal affairs probe.

He later pleaded guilty to one count of grand theft by embezzlement and one
count each of possessing heroin and methamphetamine, and was sentenced to a year
in an electronic home detention program. No criminal cases were compromised
because of the drug mishandling, police said.

It was determined that 182 evidence envelopes had been tampered with and there
was 14.3 grams of missing heroin, according to the police report.

Kent, 52, is undergoing treatment for drug addiction and will spend five years
on probation.

The police review commission subcommittee will meet three more times before it
holds a public workshop on Oct. 7. On that Saturday, the public can meet with
police review commissioners and comment on the report or suggest possible gaps
in the department's investigation, Urbi said.

"We are looking into the case to determine if the investigation was done
correctly, if it was objective, neutral, if they asked all the right questions,
if Kent was treated differently," she said.

"One of the big questions was why they didn't search his home," she added.

At the Oct. 7 meeting, a narcotics expert will speak about the physical signs of
heroin use and a city representative will discuss why Berkeley does not drug
test its employees. A department liaison will discuss potential changes to the
handling of drug evidence.

Officer Ed Galvan, department spokesman, said the investigation was a "balancing
act between being open with the public and protecting the officer's rights
during the investigation."

After the incident was discovered, the California Commission on Peace Officers
Standards and Training, a state run group that sets police best practices
standards, reviewed how Berkeley handles drug evidence and wrote a report, which
will be reviewed by Chief Doug Hambleton and the police review commission.

Hambleton has maintained that a joint investigation by his office and the
Alameda County District Attorney's Office found that Kent was the only officer
involved in mishandling

drug evidence.

Berkeley Copwatch has for several months lobbied for further investigation into
Kent's crime, saying the watchdog group wants "a complete, open and impartial
investigation into the extent of both Sgt. Kent's crimes and the involvement of
fellow officers, specifically requesting disclosure of the quantity of stolen
drugs."

A representative from Copwatch will make a presentation at the Oct. 7 meeting
and take questions.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday

Congress & UPA squandering the historic opportunity

LENGTH: 847 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Nov. 23 -- The Panun Kashmir (PK), a frontline organization of the
internally-displace Kashmiri Hindus, on Monday blasted the Congress and the UPA
for mishandling Jammu & Kashmir and "squandering" what it called the "historic
opportunity of a very favourable international environment". "The Government of
India is fast squandering the historic opportunity of a very favorable
international environment and the consequent awareness that Pakistani State is
the epicenter of International terrorism. Instead of strengthening the national
position in the state and dealing a decisive blow to Islamist separatism in the
state, the Government of India seems to be engaged in a process of granting
crucial concessions to Pakistan as well as separatist constituency in Jammu and
Kashmir," the PK leaders Dr Ajay Chrungoo, Prof M K Teng and Jagan Koul said.
Chrungoo and Teng are Jammu-based and Koul US-based. Koul also heads the
Diversity USA, a national democratic think-tank for minority affairs in the
United States. He was here in Jammu a couple of days ago and his basic objective
behind the Jammu visit was to make his Jammu-based colleagues aware of what had
been going in the United States as far as Jammu & Kashmir, Pakistan and
Afghanistan were concerned, as also to have a firsthand information about the
status and plight of the displaced community of Kashmiri Hindus.

In fact, he came to Jammu all the way from the United States to exchange and
share his views on the state of affairs in Jammu & Kashmir in the light of
happenings in Pakistan and Afghanistan, as also the plight of the
internally-displaced Kashmiri Hindus. Both the PK and the Diversity USA were one
in taking on and lambasting the Government of India (read the Congress and the
UPA government). Both accused them of "mishandling the affairs in Jammu and
Kashmir" and bemoaned that the handling of the sensitive state by the Government
of India "has been disgusting". So much so, they said that the "Government of
India as well as the state government are involved in recognizing and engaging
the most radical formations, as well as their leadership in the state, as
legitimate political forces who can deliver peace" and added that "this entire
approach is shameful and also dangerous". "The Government of India has not
embarked upon a process of return of internally-displaced Kashmiri Hindus by
addressing the critical issue of the reversal of their genocide. Instead, It has
unleashed a policy of their abandonment to hand them over and submit to the
political order as it is existing now in the Valley," they also said. By the
political order they meant the rise of a regime that is hostile towards the
minorities as well as India and that is regressive, intolerant, reactionary,
backward-looking and exclusivist.

They did not stop there. They accused the relief organization of being a
political department of the state government and termed it as a "symbol of
corruption. "The relief Organization created for ameliorating the plight of the
internally-displaced Kashmiri Hindus has been gradually turned into (a)
political department to generate dismay, disarray, and desperation amongst
Kashmiri Hindus living outside (the) Kashmir Valley. This organization has also
become a symbol of corruption," they said. They, in addition, revealed that the
"small numbers of Kashmiri Hindus who have returned (to the Valley) are in an
atmosphere where freedom of expression is seriously curtailed" and where "they
have to keep silent for safety and listen to the prodding of both the separatist
establishment as well as the government". Indeed, a very sad reflection on the
environment in which the Kashmiri Hindus are languishing in Kashmir.

The most significant aspect of the interaction between the PK and Diversity USA
was the resolve that "they will pool their efforts to bring to the light of the
world at large that the separatist campaign in the Kashmir Valley is becoming
the epicenter of terrorism in India" and that "they will also make the world
aware about the fraud being perpetrated on Kashmiri Hindus in the name of return
policy and dangers to their life, dignity and cultural identity".

What the PK leaders said was horrifying and disturbing. They did not exaggerate
things. They only presented an accurate picture of facts. New Delhi is indeed
pandering to the politics of secessionism and put at stake not only the
minorities in the state who constitute almost 40 per cent of the state
population, but the very paramount national interest. The fact that the Indian
Prime Minister hailed his Pakistani counterpart as "man of peace" only the other
day overlooking the 26/11 Mumbai carnage and the fact that those who are
demonizing the Indian Army and questioning the very accession of the state are
still at the helm should indicate the direction New Delhi is heading towards. It
is disgusting. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           January 12, 2002 Saturday

Wen Ho Lee's memoir says downloaded nuclear codes were 'crown junk';
Man accused of spying calls himself a 'cold warrior'

BYLINE: By Richard Benke

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 791 words


LOS ALAMOS, N.M. -- In a new memoir, former Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee says
the nuclear "crown jewels" he was accused of mishandling were really the "crown
junk" and were not vital to national security.

The files he downloaded were old, with much of the information already public
and very little of it classified, Lee says in "My Country Versus Me," published
by Hyperion. In an early copy of the book obtained by The Associated Press, he
says he copied the material onto tapes because he had lost files before and did
not trust the computer system.

He describes himself as a loyal "Cold Warrior" for the United States, yet says
the FBI threatened him with execution "like the Rosenbergs" if he did not
confess to giving nuclear secrets to China.

"I want to share through this book how I fell into a trap," Lee says, "one
slippery step at a time, not even realizing what was happening until it was too
late."

Lee, a Taiwanese-born naturalized citizen, was arrested in December 1999 and
indicted on 59 felony counts alleging he transferred nuclear weapons information
to portable computer tapes. He was held in solitary confinement for nine months,
though never charged with spying.

As the government's case crumbled, Lee pleaded guilty to a felony count of
downloading sensitive material, and was set free. The FBI's mishandling of the
case was a major embarrassment for the bureau.

While Lee was behind bars, one senior scientist called the files "the crown
jewels."

Lee says the downloaded tapes were all work-related, routine and contained in a
secure area at Los Alamos National Laboratory

"In fact, the 'crown jewels' are largely the crown junk," he says. "This is the
biggest nuclear weapons secret that LANL and the government have to hide."

Lee says he copied the files -- needed to design computer simulations for
nuclear explosions -- so he could have backup copies.

"In 1993, I lost several files as a result of a computer system conversion at
the lab," he says. "One of the codes I lost was about nuclear reactor safety...
This was an important code, and it was gone."

A call to the U.S. attorney's office in Albuquerque on Friday was not
immediately returned.

Lee, who has been a U.S. citizen since 1974 and spent 20 years doing top-secret
work at the lab, is suing the government for defamation and claims he was
targeted because he is ethnic Chinese.

"Had I not been Chinese," he says, "I never would have been accused of espionage
and threatened with execution. ... Now I know that political whimsy can destroy
the contributions of a life's work."

In a recent deposition made public Friday, former Energy Secretary Bill
Richardson said that ethnicity was not a factor in his firing of Lee or the
decision to investigate him for possible security breaches.

While in solitary at the Santa Fe County Jail, he says, he was kept shackled and
handcuffed during exercise periods with a soccer ball. The 62-year-old colon
cancer survivor says he had difficulty getting the special diet he needed and
lost weight.

"How will I ever forget this nightmare?" he asks.

Lee said he was threatened with execution in March 1999, when he was
interrogated by FBI agents: "They told me that unless I confessed to giving
nuclear secrets to China, I might be executed, like the Rosenbergs." Julius and
Ethel Rosenberg went to the electric chair in 1953 for giving atomic secrets to
the Soviets.

The accusation of espionage, leaked to news media, was never formally lodged
against Lee. Prosecutors conceded the evidence was insufficient.

Lee speculates that at least some of his troubles might have been averted if he
had not thrown away his data tapes.

Demoted from the lab's top-secret X Division after the espionage leaks, Lee says
he was confronted with the problem of what to do with the classified data he was
no longer entitled to possess. He deleted files with help from the lab help
desk, he says, and threw the computer tapes into a lab trash bin.

The unaccounted-for tapes triggered near-frenzy at the FBI, which insisted on
proof they had not been turned over to a foreign government. Except for giving
his word, Lee could not provide that proof. Agents searched for days at the Los
Alamos County landfill for the tapes.

Lee says even today, his wife, Sylvia, "still has nightmares about being
awakened by the FBI." The Lees plan to stay in Los Alamos. Lee says he has his
garden, favorite fishing spots and a safe, secure environment.

"The main reason for us to stay here is the warmth of our neighbors, our friends
and the real community we are part of," he says.

-----

On the Net:

Lee supporters: http://www.wenholee.org

Los Alamos lab: http://www.lanl.gov/worldview/

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

No charges against Clinton over email server issue: FBI

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, July 6 -- The FBI today ruled out charging Hillary Clinton after it
found no evidence of "intentional misconduct" by the former US Secretary of
State in her use of a private email server, a big relief to the Democratic
presidential candidate, who said she was "pleased" with the development.

The FBI recommended not to press criminal charges against Clinton, however, the
68-year-old presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party was termed as "extremely
careless" by the FBI for sending classified information from her personal email
account.

Commenting on the development, Clinton's campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said:
"We are pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined
that no further action by the (Justice) Department is appropriate. We are glad
that this matter is now resolved."

Earlier today, FBI Director James Comey told reporters at a crowded news
conference that after an exhaustive apolitical probe, investigators found no
evidence of "intentional misconduct" by Clinton.

"Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding
the handling of classified information, our judgement is that no reasonable
prosecutor would bring such a case. Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of
factors before deciding whether to bring charges," Comey said.

Seen as a big relief to the former Secretary of State, the announcement came
hours before President Barack Obama was scheduled to join Clinton at an election
rally in North Carolina.

Before making his announcement, Comey told reporters that he has not coordinated
his statement with the Justice Department or any other government agency.

"They do not know what I'm about to say," he said.

"Although the Department of Justice makes final decisions on matters like this,
we are expressing to the justices our view that no further charges are
appropriate in this case," Comey said.

Acknowledging that there will be intense public debate in the wake of this
recommendation as there was through this investigation, he assured that the
investigation was done honestly, confidently, and independently.

"No outside influences of any kind was brought to bear," he said. In looking
back at our investigations, into the mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts," he said.

"All the cases prosecuted involve some combination of clearly intentional or
wilful mishandling of classified information or vast quantities of information
exposed in such a way to support an inference of intentional misconduct or
indications of disloyalty to the US or an obstruction of justice. But we do not
see those things here," Comey said.

Although the FBI did not find clear evidence that Clinton or her colleagues
intended to violate laws governing the handling of the classified information,
there is evidence that they were "extremely careless in their handling of very
sensitive, highly classified information", Comey said.

"None of these e-mails should have been on any kind of unclassified system. But
their presence is especially concerning because all of the emails were housed on
unclassified personal servers, not even supported by full-time security staff
like those found at agencies and departments of the United States government or
even with a commercial email service like Gmail," he added.

"But even if information is not marked classified in an email participants who
know, or should know that the subject matter is classified are still obligated
to protect it.

"While not the focus of our investigation, we also developed evidence that the
security culture of the State Department, in general and with respect to the use
of unclassified systems in particular, was generally lacking in the kind of care
for classified information that is found elsewhere in the US government," Comey
said.

With respect to potential computer intrusion by hostile actors, the FBI did not
find direct evidence that Clinton's personal email domain in its various
configurations since 2009 was hacked successfully.

But at the same time, the FBI Director assessed that hostile actors gained
access to the private commercial email accounts of people with whom Clinton was
in regular contact with from her personal account.

"She also used her personal email extensively while outside of the US including
sending and receiving work-related emails in the territory of sophisticated
adversaries,"he said.

The FBI, he said, looked at whether there is evidence that classified
information was improperly stored or transmitted on that personal system in
violation of a federal statute that makes it a felony to mishandle classified
information either intentionally or in a grossly negligent way.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: Good idea for state officials to observe vote

BYLINE: The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 435 words


Mar. 9--Allegations of voter fraud in San Luis usually involve the mishandling
of early ballots, a system that some in San Luis believe must be made more
fraud-proof or eliminated.

Confidence in the fairness of the election system is vital in a democracy, which
may explain why three state officials will be in San Luis, Ariz., today
monitoring voting for mayor and council seats.

Yuma County and San Luis officials invited the state observers to participate
after Secretary of State Ken Bennett offered to come. He will be joined by
Assistant Secretary of State Jim Drake and State Elections Director Amy
Bjelland.

The decision apparently comes in the wake of allegations of voter fraud in the
border city in the previous election there. The allegations were made in a
letter written by a supporter of incumbent Mayor Juan Carlos Escamilla who is
seeking re-election.

The letter alleges that Nieves Riedel, Escamilla's opponent, manipulated or
destroyed early ballots in the 2006 election. It was written by Guillermina
Fuentes, who had ties to Riedel at the time. Riedel has strenuously denied any
wrongdoing.

Frankly, it is not the first time we have heard allegations of voter fraud in
San Luis. These charges usually involve the mishandling of early ballots, a
system that some in San Luis believe must be made more fraud-proof or
eliminated.

The problem is not with ballots mailed or turned in directly to county election
officials by voters. However, there is a practice in San Luis where candidates
either help voters with their ballots or they have voters give them the ballots
which they then turn in for them. Once in the hands of candidates, there are
then mishandled, according to the allegations.

Honest elections are the backbone of our free society. Manipulation of votes
cannot be tolerated.

We are glad to see state officials taking an interest in these allegations.
Perhaps they can either help prove or disprove them, whether in the election
today or past elections.

If nothing else, perhaps they can come up with some recommendations for better
ways to handle the early balloting system so there is more confidence in it. A
good start would be a prohibition on any candidate's involvement with the
process.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100309-YZ-EDIT-VOTE-OBSERVATION-20100309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Goodlatte Presses for Information on FBI&#226;&#128;&#153;s
Investigation into Hillary Clinton

LENGTH: 1760 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee has issued
the following press release:



  House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) today issued the
following statement on the FBI's decision to not recommend criminal charges
against former State Department Secretary Hillary Clinton for her mishandling of
classified information through private email servers and sent a letter to FBI
Director Comey raising concerns about the Bureau's decision.





 "I am concerned that despite finding Secretary Clinton acted with extreme
carelessness and there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes
regarding the handling of classified information, the FBI is recommending no
criminal charges against former Secretary Hillary Clinton. This defies logic.
The American people expect government officials to abide by the law just like
everyone else. The fact that Secretary Clinton ignored the law and faces no
consequences for doing so diminishes the American people's trust in their
government.



 "I spoke with Director Comey today immediately following his announcement and
raised several concerns. I asked several pointed questions about the Bureau's
conclusion and will push for answers. It is clear that Secretary Clinton
possibly jeopardized the safety and security of our citizens and nation through
her use of private email servers. None should be above the law and the American
people need to know that federal law enforcement is taking this misconduct
seriously."



 Chairman Goodlatte sent the following letter to Director Comey to memorialize
the concerns he raised during their phone call today about the FBI's
investigation. The signed copy can be found here.



     July 5, 2016



     Honorable James B. Comey

     Director

     Federal Bureau of Investigation

     935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW

     Washington, D.C. 20535



     Dear Director Comey:



     I am concerned that despite finding former Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton acted with extreme carelessness and that evidence exists of potential
violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified information, the
FBI is not recommending criminal charges against Secretary Clinton.  Little
solace is found in your detailed breakdown of the FBI's findings that Secretary
Clinton acted "extremely careless" in mishandling classified information.  This
raises many questions.



     According to your statement made earlier today, out of the 30,000 e-mails
returned to the State Department by Secretary Clinton, 110 e-mails in 52 e-mail
chains contained classified information at the time they were sent or received.
Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they
were sent.  Thirty-six chains contained Secret information at the time and eight
contained Confidential information.  You also noted that separate from those,
about 2,000 additional e-mails were "up-classified" to make them Confidential in
that the information in those had not been classified at the time the e-mails
were sent.



     During your remarks, you stated that "[a]lthough there is evidence of
potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of classified
information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a
case."  But since President Obama took office in 2009, the Department of Justice
has prosecuted at least seven people under the Espionage Act.  Five of these
individuals -- John Kiriakou, Shamai Leibowitz, Chelsea Manning, Jeffrey
Sterling, and former State Department official Stephen Kim - were sentenced to
terms of incarceration.



     In 2014, Bronze Star recipient and combat veteran Chief Petty Officer Lyle
White pleaded guilty to violating three military regulations for removing
classified documents from his Naval office in Virginia and taking them home.  He
received a suspended 60-day sentence and a suspended $10,000 fine in return for
his plea.



     Bryan Nishimura, a Naval reservist deployed in Afghanistan in 2007 and
2008, in his role as a Regional Engineer for the U.S. military in Afghanistan,
had access to classified briefings and digital records that could only be
retained and viewed on authorized government computers. Nishimura, however,
caused the materials to be downloaded and stored on his personal, unclassified
electronic devices and storage media. He carried the classified materials on his
unauthorized media when he traveled off-base in Afghanistan and, ultimately,
carried those materials back to the United States at the end of his deployment.
In the United States, Nishimura continued to maintain the information on
unclassified systems in unauthorized locations, and copied the materials onto at
least one additional unauthorized and unclassified system. Nishimura pleaded
guilty in July of 2015 to unauthorized removal and retention of classified
materials. He was fined $7,500 and ordered to surrender his security clearance.



     Your public pronouncement today of the FBI's decision to not recommend
charges against Secretary Clinton raises a number of questions.  I find the
timing and manner of your announcement uniquely troubling in light of last
week's secret meeting between Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former
President Bill Clinton.  I respectfully request that you respond to these
questions in writing on or before close of business Monday, July 11, 2016.



         What sets Secretary Clinton apart from the persons prosecuted for
mishandling classified information described above?  How does Secretary
Clinton's conduct differ from that of former General David Petraeus or former
National Security Advisor Sandy Berger?

         If the FBI found evidence of potential crimes related to mishandling of
classified information by Secretary Clinton and her staff, why would the FBI
pre-judge that "no reasonable prosecutor" would ever bring such a case for
negligent mishandling of classified information?  Is that not a decision that
should be made by the Department of Justice? It strikes me as incredibly
unorthodox for you to publicly announce that you are recommending that Secretary
Clinton not be charged rather than refer the matter privately to the Department.


         The espionage chapter, specifically, 18 U.S.C. 793(f), doesn't require
that a subject act "intentionally" or "knowingly," but with "gross negligence."



             Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or
control of any document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph,
photographic negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note,
or information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence
permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to
anyone in violation of his trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or
destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from
its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or
lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of
such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to his superior officer. . . .
Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both.



         Black's Law defines gross negligence as "a lack of slight diligence or
care" or as "a conscious, voluntary, act or omission in reckless disregard of a
legal duty and of the consequences to another party&hellip;" In your statement
you said that Secretary Clinton handled classified email with "extreme
carelessness."  How does that not constitute "gross negligence"?

         Why was Secretary Clinton interviewed only once and only at the end of
your investigation?  Interviews with her at the early stages and throughout your
investigation would have shed light on her conduct in this matter.  Certainly,
Mrs. Clinton's position as Secretary of State, the non-disclosure agreement she
signed as Secretary (and which all federal employees who have access to
classified information sign), the painstaking steps she took to circumvent the
use of the .gov email system, and her attempts to seek classified devices for
use when working inside her State Department office - all clearly point to her
knowledge that she handled classified information as Secretary, that she had a
duty to do so according to the law, and that she went out of her way to not do
so.  She was not a rank and file employee with a security clearance.  Did this
inform your decision?

         Section 1924 of title 18, United States Code, prohibits the unlawful
removal of classified information and is the statute to which General Petraeus
pleaded guilty in 2015.



             Whoever, being an officer, employee, contractor, or consultant of
the United States, and, by virtue of his office, employment, position, or
contract, becomes possessed of documents or materials containing classified
information of the United States, knowingly removes such documents or materials
without authority and with the intent to retain such documents or materials at
an unauthorized location shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not
more than one year, or both.



         Why does the setup of a private server - through which she received
Confidential, Secret, and Top Secret classified information - and retention of
such information on the private server - not constitute a violation of Section
1924?

         Are you concerned that your recommendation that Secretary Clinton not
be charged sends a message to the thousands - or millions - of government
employees and contractors who possess security clearances (not to mention 535
Members of Congress and Senators) that they don't need to follow the rules?

         I am concerned that classified information on our military's Special
Access Programs and other Top Secret material that Secretary Clinton sent and
received over her private server is now in the hands of adversaries who wish to
do us harm.  If any other American with a security clearance had placed such
sensitive information at risk, is there nothing the FBI would have done to
recommend sanctions against such person's extreme carelessness?

         What does your recommendation to DOJ that Secretary Clinton not be
charged, despite extreme carelessness in the handling of classified information,
mean for the FBI's investigation into the Clinton Foundation?



     I look forward to your prompt response.



     Sincerely,



     Bob Goodlatte

     Chairman



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 6, 2010 Sunday

BYLINE: CARL LEUBSDORF

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 712 words


During the 2008 campaign, President Barack Obama justifiably drew praise for his
calm and decisive reactions, both substantive and political, to unanticipated
events, from disclosures of his pastor's racist comments to the deepening
financial crisis.

Since entering the White House, Obama has pursued a far-ranging and sensible
substantive agenda designed to ease the crisis he inherited and fix some
underlying causes.

Though visible progress has been slow in some areas, notably in reversing the
decline in jobs, he is compiling what could look by 2012 like an enviable record
of long-term achievements.

But Obama has proved surprisingly less successful in coping with the politics of
the presidency in responding to the inevitable unexpected crises any president
faces, most recently and visibly toward the massive oil spill off Louisiana.

As was true when opponents hijacked the debate over his health care reform plan
last summer, or when an attempted terrorist attack failed on a plane heading for
Detroit in December, Obama's low-key, intellectual response is damaging him
politically by making him appear less decisive and engaged than he likely is.

It's the downside of "no-drama Obama," acclaimed by aides for his steady,
unemotional reactions to crises. And it's an increasingly important aspect in
shaping public perceptions of the presidency in today's rapid-fire, 24-7 world
that could prove disastrous in a major crisis that lacked a convenient
scapegoat.

So far, Obama has been lucky in the circumstances of his crises. Over-the-top
statements raising false issues such as alleged "death panels" helped blunt the
conservative counter-attack on his health plan. The attempted airborne terrorist
attack failed and occurred during the Christmas holidays, when most Americans
were focused elsewhere.

And while the public gives Obama poor marks for handling the oil spill, it
accepts the limits to his ability to control events. Besides, BP's primary role
gives his administration a popular target against which to deflect criticism.

But the president's defensive news conference last week, the fact that it took
him four weeks to make his second visit to the Louisiana coast, and local
officials' complaints of administration failures to undertake proposed
counter-measures underscore the fact that his response has seemed sluggish.

That same session also exposed two other ways in which inept White House
management of its political portfolio has damaged Obama.

First was his refusal to discuss Bill Clinton's role in trying to persuade Rep.
Joe Sestak from challenging Sen. Arlen Specter in Pennsylvania. This highlighted
the White House's repeated mishandling of party-related affairs, such as filling
Senate vacancies and picking candidates. It followed the bungled appointment of
Obama's Senate successor from Illinois, the messy effort to keep Gov. David
Paterson from running in New York, and the failure to ensure strong Democratic
Senate candidates in Delaware and Colorado.

Second was his inability to say whether Elizabeth Birnbaum had resigned or been
fired as head of the Minerals Management Service. This showed him out of touch
on a key personnel development that suggested questions about her limited
credentials for the job. It's not the first time that Obama, despite an
extensive vetting process, has encountered problems with key regulatory
appointees. He's run through several candidates to direct the Transportation
Security Administration, had to force the resignation of his national
intelligence director and dropped nominees because of tax problems.

Now, he's given Republicans a convenient target by naming to run the Medicare
and Medicaid program a professor and physician who, though bearing excellent
credentials, said he was "in love" with Britain's nationalized health system.

None of these issues is, in itself, egregious enough to saddle Obama with the
aura of incompetence that afflicted former President George W. Bush after
Hurricane Katrina. Most Americans say BP deserves the principal blame for
mishandling the oil spill.

Perhaps the most damning impact is the indication Obama has produced little of
the change in politics as usual that he persuaded millions of voters he could
bring.

(Carl Leubsdorf is with the Dallas Morning News.)

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 April 20, 2000 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

OTHER OFFICIALS GOT FUNDS FROM INSURANCE FIRMS

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: CALIFORNIA NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


The elected officials investigating Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush's
oversight of insurance companies have, like him, collected thousands of dollars
in campaign contributions from the industry, according to the Associated Press.

Assembly Insurance Committee Chairman Jack Scott, D-Pasadena, who is planning to
question Quackenbush, a Republican, on whether such contributions affected
enforcement matters, has received at least $83,000 in such donations since
January 1999.

Senate Insurance Committee chairwoman Jackie Speier, D-San Mateo, is
investigating the donations and Quackenbush's decision to allow insurance
companies to donate to non-profit foundations instead of paying large fines for
mishandling Northridge earthquake claims.

Speier accepted at least $44,000 last year from insurance industry sources,
according to a review by the Associated Press.

In 1999, Quackenbush collected at least $345,000 from insurance interests he
regulates. On several occasions, he took actions favorable to the corporate
donors around the same time the checks came in. Quackenbush denies any
connection between the two.

Attorney General Bill Lockyer, a Democrat, is investigating whether the
non-profit California Research and Assistance Fund properly spent money it
received in lieu of fines for the mishandling of Northridge claims.

Lockyer received at least $44,500 in contributions from the insurance industry
last year.

Representatives of Lockyer, Scott and Speier said insurance industry donations
do not affect their impartiality.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: State News in Brief

GRAPHIC: Photo Photo;
PHOTO: Quackenbush
[000420 CA 4B]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 27, 1992, Thursday

SAFE CATCHES Lax regulations let sellers off the hook

BYLINE: By Anne Byrn FOOD EDITORfood; health; safety; conditions; consumer;
regulations

SECTION: FOOD; Section W; Page 6

LENGTH: 924 words


At a Sandy Springs supermarket, cooked pink shrimp lay on crushed ice alongside
raw gray shrimp, separated only by a decorative leaf of cabbage.

At a Buckhead grocery, a seafood clerk dipped his gloved hand in a bowl of
cooked shrimp - right after handling raw snapper fillets.

Both of these situations could pose a health hazard, because bacteria from the
raw fish will transfer to the cooked product. They're also in violation of a
Georgia health code.

But since such health codes are difficult to enforce and other state codes are
considered outdated by consumer activists, much of the fish you're buying in
Atlanta markets may not be as fresh - or as safe - as it appears.

The average American consumes 15.5 pounds of seafood a year - up 25 percent from
a decade ago. That's still far less than the amount of beef or chicken consumed.
Yet the U.S. Centers for Disease Control reports that seafood accounted for 56
percent of all outbreaks of food poisoning in flesh foods (meat, chicken, fish
and the like) from 1978 to 1987.

Unlike beef and chicken, the federal government doesn't have a mandatory
inspection program for seafood.

In recent years seafood has been criticized for containing chemical,
microbiological and naturally occurring toxins. And seafood departments have
caught flak for mishandling their products, as well as allowing inferior fish to
be labeled and sold as costlier look-alikes.

But the industry's latest and most powerful blow came in this month's issue of
Consumer Reports magazine. Researchers obtained seafood from markets in Chicago
and New York and after laboratory analysis deemed 40 percent of it spoiled or
nearly so.

About half the fish was contaminated with bacteria from human or animal feces, a
result of mishandling. Salmon and swordfish samples were contaminated,
respectively, with high levels of toxic PCBs - polychlorinated biphenyls, which
have been found to promote cancer in laboratory animals - and mercury, which
causes birth defects.

"The industry isn't as good as it needs to be," says Joel Knox, president of
Atlanta wholesaler Inland Seafood.

"Once fish is out of the water, it starts to deteriorate. We can limit that with
cold temperatures and a sterile environment," he says. "But if you ask me, the
problem is once the fish gets to the store. You've [often] got untrained help
and teenagers working with the product."

George Hoskin, associate director of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's
Office of Seafood, which has the authority to inspect seafood processing plants,
agrees. "There is concern with the quality of seafood at the retail level."

In several Atlanta seafood markets, inappropriate handling practices are visible
to a knowledgeable shopper.

Some recent observations:

- Many markets are lacking a 6-inch plexiglass partition between cooked and raw
seafood, even though it is required by the state. But Caroline DeWaal of the
Washington-based consumer group Public Voice for Food and Health Policy argues
that unless ice is kept clean and the equipment is cleaned regularly, you'll get
cross-contamination of bacteria regardless of partitions.

- Some stores stacked shrimp and fish fillets 6 inches or more high in the
cases. A state Agriculture Department inspector acknowledged that fish at the
top of the pile couldn't be as cold as that at the bottom.

- Many cases weren't refrigerated. If they were, they weren't turned on. But the
state doesn't require seafood to be placed in refrigerated cases, just on ice.

"This is a significant problem," says Ms. DeWaal. "Without refrigeration,
bacteria increases and shelf life is cut substantially."

Worse, the state allows temperatures in those cases to creep to 45 degrees. Fish
processors like Mr. Knox advise 30 to 32 degrees. Consumer Reports says for
every 10 degrees above 30-32, you trim the shelf life of fish by half.

And what if employees want to check to see if the case is cold enough? State
health codes don't require a thermometer be placed inside the case.

State inspectors are also responsible for verifying the authenticity of fish
fillets. Once the fish is cut up, it's hard to tell the difference between real
red snapper and less expensive imitations. The lab found a third of the 113
Consumer Reports samples mislabeled.

While they don't routinely send fish samples to the lab to see if they are the
real thing, inspectors will investigate if they receive a consumer complaint.

Or they refer the complaint to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which has
authority to inspect seafood plants.

But don't count on the FDA protecting us from buying bogus red snapper, Ms.
DeWaal says. "It's a meager program, at best. The FDA isn't protecting us from
getting sick, and economic fraud is even lower on the agenda."

Mr. Hoskin feels confident that seafood can be properly inspected under the
FDA's Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. But he adds it's only as strong as the budget
that backs it - "you get as large a program as you pay for."

Even so, Roddy Moscoso of the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) in Silver
Spring, Md., attests that with proper cooking seafood is still safe to eat. "The
real risk is eating raw shellfish."

The FDA says raw oysters, clams and mussels account for 85 percent of illnesses
caused by eating seafood.

According to Allison Wheeler of the National Fisheries Institute, a trade group,
the bottom line for eating cooked seafood is this:

"Be reasonable. Eat a variety of fish. Eating too much of any one thing isn't
good for you."

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 10, 2008 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Army's Chief Liaison to Pakistan Is Pulled From Assignment

BYLINE: Ann Scott Tyson and Julie Tate; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FOREIGN; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 595 words


The Army officer named in March as the military's chief liaison to Pakistan has
been pulled from that assignment partly because of controversy in that country
over his past command of the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a
U.S. military official confirmed yesterday.

Maj. Gen. Jay W. Hood is in line for "a position of greater responsibility" at
the headquarters of U.S. Central Command, which oversees the Middle East and
Central Asia, the officials said yesterday, confirming an account that first
appeared in yesterday's editions of the New York Times.

Hood's initial selection, meant to boost cooperation on counterterrorism issues,
drew quick criticism from Pakistani politicians and news organizations.

"It is a slap on the face of Pakistan and its 160 million people," Fazlur
Rahman, a Pakistani religious party leader, said on a television show in March.
Rahman called Hood "a notorious person, who besides insulting and inflicting
mental torture on Muslims, six times, confirmedly desecrated . . . the Holy
Koran."

Last week, the News, a newspaper in Pakistan, called the appointment
"unfortunate" and asked, "What is the message coming out of the Pentagon for
Pakistanis by this insensitive act?"

A U.S. military spokesman said Hood's shift stemmed from unexpected job openings
at Central Command in Tampa. "The detailing of military people is a very dynamic
situation," said Navy Capt. James Graybeal, a Central Command spokesman. "There
were unforeseen vacancies that developed here at Centcom headquarters of greater
responsibility that he is being considered for." Graybeal could not specify
those positions.

But another military official, speaking on the condition of anonymity because of
the subject's sensitivity, said Pakistani opposition "certainly has to be part
of the calculus," adding: "You'd have to be crazy not to read the Pakistan
media" and understand the Pakistani sentiment against the appointment.

Still, the official emphasized that the Pakistani government did not have a say
in the appointment. "This is a U.S. decision," the official said, "so it should
not be characterized as 'the Pakistan government vetoed this' -- they don't have
that authority."

Hood, a field artillery officer and 33-year Army veteran with a master's degree
in national security from the Naval War College, until last month commanded
First Army Division East at Fort Meade.

The controversy around Hood stems from his time as the commander of Joint Task
Force Guantanamo, under U.S. Southern Command, from March 2004 to March 2006.

Hood's tenure involved the inception of the restraint chair for Guantanamo
detainees on hunger strikes. Detainees were strapped to chairs and force-fed
nutrients through thick nasal tubes.

Hood was also the commander when a scandal erupted over mishandling of the Koran
in the summer of 2005. After Newsweek reported that a Koran had been flushed
down a toilet, at least 16 people were killed in protest riots around the world.

Newsweek later retracted the story, but a Pentagon probe examined 13 specific
allegations of Koran desecration at the prison dating to early 2002 and found
three in which the mishandling was "very likely" deliberate.

Two others were "very likely" accidental, and eight were unfounded, Hood said.

During Hood's tenure, 167 detainees were transferred out of the facility. In
February 2006, the United Nations concluded that the treatment of detainees at
Guantanamo Bay violated their rights to physical and mental health and, in some
cases, constituted torture. It particularly criticized the force-feeding.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 11, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE LOS ALAMOS SECRETS CASE: THE CHARGES;
It Wasn't Mere Carelessness, the Government Maintains

BYLINE: By JAMES RISEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 17; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1327 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 10


In a 59-count indictment in federal court in Albuquerque, the government today
accused Wen Ho Lee not just of being a scientist who inadvertently mishandled
classified materials but also of being someone who repeatedly and willfully
compromised America's most sensitive nuclear secrets.

The effort, which officials said would ultimately involve reams of technical
evidence of illegal computer transfers, was intended to counter what prosecutors
fear might be Dr. Lee's best defense -- the argument that scientists routinely
mishandled sensitive, classified materials at the government's weapons
laboratories.

The F.B.I. and federal prosecutors are expected to offer evidence that they say
will show that the magnitude of the transfers, and the way in which they were
done, fits a pattern of illegal activity that differentiates Dr. Lee from other
federal employees who have inadvertently mishandled classified materials.

Prosecutors did not accuse Dr. Lee, a former scientist at Los Alamos National
Laboratory, of giving nuclear information to another country or even to any
unauthorized individuals.

Instead, prosecutors said he transferred secret information from a classified
computer network at Los Alamos into an unsecure system, then copied much of the
information onto portable, high-volume computer tapes, some of which are
missing.

The government said the files included thousands of pages of documents related
to the design, construction and testing of America's nuclear weapons arsenal.

Dr. Lee's lawyers and other supporters have said that he is the victim of a
selective, racist and highly politicized prosecution by a government that has
ignored other cases involving the mishandling of classified documents.

His lawyer, Mark Holscher, and supporters of Dr. Lee have pointed to the case of
John M. Deutch, the former C.I.A. director, who was investigated for mishandling
classified information on his personal computer. Mr. Deutch had his security
clearance removed, but was not charged with any crimes.

Dr. Lee had worked in the X Division at Los Alamos, which handled the
laboratory's secret work on nuclear weapons design, in a position giving him
access to a computer network containing classified nuclear weapons designs and
related materials.

In addition, investigators said, he had access to an unclassified, or open
network, and a third computer, known as Machine C, that served as a bridge
between the classified and unclassified networks. Machine C was used by bomb
designers when they needed to use both classified and unclassified materials. It
allowed the designers to bring both kinds of materials together without
declassifying the secret material. When they were finished, the designers were
required to return the classified and unclassified materials to their respective
systems, investigators said.

The indictment charges that Dr. Lee misused Machine C to declassify thousands of
pages of nuclear weapons documents unilaterally. He moved classified documents
onto Machine C, erased the classification markings on the documents and then
moved them into the unsecure, or open computer system, the indictment said.

"This is a massive amount of declassifying without authority to do so," a
government official said.

Dr. Lee then copied the files onto high-volume computer tapes, the indictment
said. In 1993 and 1994, Dr. Lee copied about 380 of those computer files onto 9
portable computer tapes. Of those tapes, 2 have been recovered by the F.B.I.,
while the other 7 are missing. In 1997, Dr. Lee copied classified data onto a
10th tape, but that tape has been recovered, investigators said.

Included on the copied documents were the so-called Legacy codes, which provide
mathematical approximations of U.S. weapons designs.

The government has charged that the transfers covered a range of secret
documents, including "data files that contain information relating to the
physical and radioactive properties used to construct nuclear weapons,"
information "that includes descriptions of the exact dimensions and geometry of
nuclear weapons used in connection with the design and simulated testing of
nuclear weapons, and the computer instructions to set up a simulated nuclear
weapons detonation."

Further, the indictment said, Dr. Lee transferred information concerning nuclear
bomb test problems and yield calculations from actual bomb tests as well as the
computer programs needed to run the design and testing files.

"These are not random files, this is not general information," a senior
government official said.

The government began its investigation of Dr. Lee in connection with China's
apparent theft of secret data related to the W-88 warhead, which was designed at
Los Alamos.

Dr. Lee had been the main suspect in that investigation for nearly three years,
but the F.B.I. never found evidence that he committed espionage.

In September, after determining that the initial inquiry into the W-88 theft had
been flawed and that it prematurely focused on Dr. Lee, the F.B.I. and Justice
Department widened its investigation to look for other possible sources for the
information.

In the process, the government said it determined that Dr. Lee had violated
security regulations at Los Alamos, and he was fired in March. After he was
dismissed, investigators said a search of his computer turned up evidence of
unauthorized transfers of classified data and the government started a new
inquiry to determine the extent and possible damage from Dr. Lee's computer
activities.

The F.B.I. assigned teams of forensic computer experts to reconstruct and review
Dr. Lee's computer activities across several networks throughout the Los Alamos
complex.

What the computer experts found, according to officials, was that on Feb. 10,
within two hours of when Dr. Lee had been told that he had flunked a polygraph
examination, he began to delete hundreds of computer files in the open system
that contained the classified data he had transferred.

Investigators said Dr. Lee took one of the portable computer tapes containing
classified material, loaded the data onto a server, deleted the information from
the tape and then returned the tape to his office. The result was that the tape
did not appear to contain classified data.

But F.B.I. experts were able to reconstruct all of the deleted files on that
tape and elsewhere in the computer system, officials said.

In a search of his office, the F.B.I. also found two of the computer tapes
containing classified data and handwritten instructions explaining how to
accomplish many of the computer transfers that Dr. Lee apparently had conducted,
officials added.

Federal prosecutors have asked Dr. Lee's attorneys to account for the missing
tapes, officials said.

Mr. Holscher said in a statement that he had offered "to make Dr. Lee available
to a mutually agreeable polygraph examiner to prove that at no time did he
criminally mishandle any classified material that was in his possession and that
he did not provide any classified information to any unauthorized parties."

He added that Dr. Lee was not guilty and that he was "extremely disappointed by
the Justice Department's refusal to explore approaches which would establish
that Dr. Lee did not in any way criminally violate the laws of the United States
while working as an employee at the Los Alamos National Laboratory."

To prove that Dr. Lee was not singled out unfairly by being prosecuted for
routine computer activities, government officials said the F.B.I. interviewed
700 employees at Los Alamos, including 400 current and former employees in the
division where Dr. Lee worked.

Energy Secretary Bill Richardson, whose department oversees the nuclear
laboratories, has agreed to declassify some nuclear-related information, in part
to allow scientists from Los Alamos to testify about the significance of the
classified material transferred by Dr. Lee.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                      August 14, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

LAWYER WHO BLEW WHISTLE IS REINSTATED

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 309 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


SACRAMENTO After being placed on administrative leave for disclosing
confidential documents that contributed to the downfall of former state
Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush, a lawyer in the Department of
Insurance will return to the job.

Whistle-blower Cindy Ossias said her immediate supervisor notified her Friday of
her reinstatement.

"I am relieved," she said. "I'm not sure this is going to be the end of it, but
certainly I'm relieved that I'm going back to work in some capacity."

Steven J. Green, acting chief counsel for the department, confirmed that Ossias
is being reinstated and said the department contemplates no further disciplinary
action against her.

In late June, Ossias emerged as the whistle-blower who had leaked documents that
prompted a legislative investigation of Quackenbush for agreements he made with
insurance companies accused of mishandling Northridge quake-related claims.

After learning of Ossias' actions, Quackenbush placed her on administrative
leave and announced that the department was considering other "appropriate
action, including dismissal."

The documents showed that Quackenbush allowed insurance companies to make
contributions to nonprofit foundations he created, rather than pay fines for
mishandling claims. Evidence showed that money from one of the foundations was
used on advertising designed to enhance Quackenbush's political image.

Ossias, 49, said she considers herself "lucky" to be getting her job back
because she knows "whistle-blowers generally are not so fortunate."

It is against California law to disclose confidential state documents.
Whistle-blowers who release information to expose wrongdoing are protected from
prosecution, but only when the information is taken to the attorney general or
the state auditor. Ossias gave documents to the Legislature.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

FBI under fire from all sides

BYLINE: By Julian Hattem

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1072 words


FBI Director James Comey is facing backlash in both parties for his handling of
the Hillary Clinton email investigation, casting a cloud over his future.

His decision on Sunday to once again not recommend charges related to Clinton's
use of a private email server during her time as secretary of State puts him in
the unenviable position of having little to show for an enormously controversial
decision.

Comey on Oct. 28 made the stunning announcement that the FBI was reviewing new
emails tied to the investigation into Clinton's use of a private server,
enraging Democrats who accused him of meddling in the presidential election.
Then, on Sunday afternoon, just two days before voters headed to the polls,
Comey quickly ended the review without pressing charges, infuriating the GOP.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had called for an indictment
against Clinton, the Democratic standard-bearer, for mishandling classified
information, which has now been denied twice.

Clinton, meanwhile, blasted Comey's decision to make the matter public in the
first place, arguing there was not enough information to warrant the disclosure
so close to Election Day.

Now both sides are left questioning the integrity of the bureau and a director
who is supposed to continue on for another six years no matter who wins the
White House on Tuesday.

Trump, who days ago was cheering the FBI's "courage to right the horrible
mistake they made" this summer, on Sunday cast doubt on whether FBI
investigators would have been able to comb through the hundreds of thousands of
newfound emails in just over a week.

"Right now she is being protected by a rigged system," the businessman said
Sunday evening in a rally in Michigan. "You can't review 650,000 new emails in
eight days. You can't do it, folks."

"Hillary Clinton is guilty," Trump added. "She knows it; the FBI knows it; the
people know it. And now it is up to the American people to deliver justice at
the ballot box on Nov. 8."

Clinton's campaign declined to trumpet Comey's latest statement, simply saying
it's glad the matter is resolved. Clinton herself did not mention the
development during her rallies on Sunday.

The Democratic nominee and her allies were far more outspoken one week ago, in
the aftermath of Comey's bombshell letter stating that the bureau had discovered
hundreds of thousands of emails that "appear to be pertinent to the
investigation" into possible mishandling of classified information.

They suggested Comey was willfully interfering in the presidential campaign by
giving notice of the discovery before any conclusions had been reached.

Sen. Charles Schumer (N.Y.) and Rep. Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) ¯ who next year are
expected to be the top-ranking Democrats in Congress ¯ each suggested they had
lost faith in the FBI chief's ability to perform his job.

Even President Obama scolded Comey, saying last week that criminal
investigations "don't operate on innuendo."

Comey decamped to Capitol Hill multiple times over the summer to explain his
decision not to recommend charges against Clinton, even though he described her
email setup as "extremely careless."

Even before Comey's announcement on Sunday, speculation was rife that he or
other senior officials would be called to testify before Congress again, this
time to explain the unusual announcement about a new development in the case.

"I'm on the Judiciary Committee. I'm sure we will have hearings," Sen. Al
Franken (D-Minn.) said on CNN's "State of the Union" Sunday morning.

"I'm sure that FBI Director Comey will be before us. And I think he should
answer questions about this. And he should be able to control the FBI."

A new hearing into the matter seems all but assured.

Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) criticized Comey's "vague
announcement" on Sunday, which he said failed to answer outstanding questions
about the Clinton investigation.

"The growing number of unanswered questions demand explanations," Grassley said,
noting several details about the FBI's probe that remain unknown, including its
scope, whether search warrants were used and whether the new emails are still
under review.

"Answers to these questions would provide greater context of the FBI's
investigation and greater assurance to the American people of its thoroughness."

Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), meanwhile, called for the Justice Department
to launch an internal review into the saga "to prevent similar actions that
could influence future elections."

The last 10 days have been among the most publicly tumultuous for the FBI in
recent memory.

Anonymous officials speaking to news outlets have described the Justice
Department as a battleground split between warring factions. In the days
following the FBI director's initial letter, officials revealed internal debates
in the bureau about how to handle the Clinton Foundation's connections to the
State Department and apparent ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.

That letter to the FBI in late October appeared to give Trump a boost in the
polls, though it's unclear precisely how big of an impact it had.

Trump's campaign cut an ad explicitly referring to the renewed FBI
investigation, which it said had "crippled" Clinton.

The renewed scrutiny on Clinton's most prominent vulnerability likely had some
amount of impact among the millions of Americans who cast their votes early.

"Unfortunately, a lot of people have already voted over the last week," Rep.
Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) said on CNN on Sunday. "And also, unfortunately, Donald
Trump and his associates have blown this thing up like Director Comey should
have known."

It's unclear what happens next for Comey.

The FBI chief is in his fourth year of a 10-year term after having been
confirmed on the strength of his reputation as an independent truth-teller. That
reputation has been tarnished by the email investigation.

Clinton has declined to say whether she would keep Comey on if she won the White
House.

"The future of Director Comey remains so murky that fortunetellers would
probably give people their money back rather than try to predict what will occur
at this point," Bradley Moss, a national security lawyer, said in an email to
The Hill.

Still, Moss predicted that, despite the tensions with either a President Clinton
or Trump, Comey would stay in office for the next six years.

"He likely would view advising either possible president as a worthy challenge
in the aftermath of EmailGate," Moss said.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

FBI under fire from all sides

BYLINE: By Julian Hattem

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1072 words


FBI Director James Comey is facing backlash in both parties for his handling of
the Hillary Clinton email investigation, casting a cloud over his future.

His decision on Sunday to once again not recommend charges related to Clinton's
use of a private email server during her time as secretary of State puts him in
the unenviable position of having little to show for an enormously controversial
decision.

Comey on Oct. 28 made the stunning announcement that the FBI was reviewing new
emails tied to the investigation into Clinton's use of a private server,
enraging Democrats who accused him of meddling in the presidential election.
Then, on Sunday afternoon, just two days before voters headed to the polls,
Comey quickly ended the review without pressing charges, infuriating the GOP.

Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump had called for an indictment
against Clinton, the Democratic standard-bearer, for mishandling classified
information, which has now been denied twice.

Clinton, meanwhile, blasted Comey's decision to make the matter public in the
first place, arguing there was not enough information to warrant the disclosure
so close to Election Day.

Now both sides are left questioning the integrity of the bureau and a director
who is supposed to continue on for another six years no matter who wins the
White House on Tuesday.

Trump, who days ago was cheering the FBI's "courage to right the horrible
mistake they made" this summer, on Sunday cast doubt on whether FBI
investigators would have been able to comb through the hundreds of thousands of
newfound emails in just over a week.

"Right now she is being protected by a rigged system," the businessman said
Sunday evening in a rally in Michigan. "You can't review 650,000 new emails in
eight days. You can't do it, folks."

"Hillary Clinton is guilty," Trump added. "She knows it; the FBI knows it; the
people know it. And now it is up to the American people to deliver justice at
the ballot box on Nov. 8."

Clinton's campaign declined to trumpet Comey's latest statement, simply saying
it's glad the matter is resolved. Clinton herself did not mention the
development during her rallies on Sunday.

The Democratic nominee and her allies were far more outspoken one week ago, in
the aftermath of Comey's bombshell letter stating that the bureau had discovered
hundreds of thousands of emails that "appear to be pertinent to the
investigation" into possible mishandling of classified information.

They suggested Comey was willfully interfering in the presidential campaign by
giving notice of the discovery before any conclusions had been reached.

Sen. Charles Schumer (N.Y.) and Rep. Nancy Pelosi (Calif.) ¯ who next year are
expected to be the top-ranking Democrats in Congress ¯ each suggested they had
lost faith in the FBI chief's ability to perform his job.

Even President Obama scolded Comey, saying last week that criminal
investigations "don't operate on innuendo."

Comey decamped to Capitol Hill multiple times over the summer to explain his
decision not to recommend charges against Clinton, even though he described her
email setup as "extremely careless."

Even before Comey's announcement on Sunday, speculation was rife that he or
other senior officials would be called to testify before Congress again, this
time to explain the unusual announcement about a new development in the case.

"I'm on the Judiciary Committee. I'm sure we will have hearings," Sen. Al
Franken (D-Minn.) said on CNN's "State of the Union" Sunday morning.

"I'm sure that FBI Director Comey will be before us. And I think he should
answer questions about this. And he should be able to control the FBI."

A new hearing into the matter seems all but assured.

Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) criticized Comey's "vague
announcement" on Sunday, which he said failed to answer outstanding questions
about the Clinton investigation.

"The growing number of unanswered questions demand explanations," Grassley said,
noting several details about the FBI's probe that remain unknown, including its
scope, whether search warrants were used and whether the new emails are still
under review.

"Answers to these questions would provide greater context of the FBI's
investigation and greater assurance to the American people of its thoroughness."

Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), meanwhile, called for the Justice Department
to launch an internal review into the saga "to prevent similar actions that
could influence future elections."

The last 10 days have been among the most publicly tumultuous for the FBI in
recent memory.

Anonymous officials speaking to news outlets have described the Justice
Department as a battleground split between warring factions. In the days
following the FBI director's initial letter, officials revealed internal debates
in the bureau about how to handle the Clinton Foundation's connections to the
State Department and apparent ties between Trump's campaign and Russia.

That letter to the FBI in late October appeared to give Trump a boost in the
polls, though it's unclear precisely how big of an impact it had.

Trump's campaign cut an ad explicitly referring to the renewed FBI
investigation, which it said had "crippled" Clinton.

The renewed scrutiny on Clinton's most prominent vulnerability likely had some
amount of impact among the millions of Americans who cast their votes early.

"Unfortunately, a lot of people have already voted over the last week," Rep.
Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) said on CNN on Sunday. "And also, unfortunately, Donald
Trump and his associates have blown this thing up like Director Comey should
have known."

It's unclear what happens next for Comey.

The FBI chief is in his fourth year of a 10-year term after having been
confirmed on the strength of his reputation as an independent truth-teller. That
reputation has been tarnished by the email investigation.

Clinton has declined to say whether she would keep Comey on if she won the White
House.

"The future of Director Comey remains so murky that fortunetellers would
probably give people their money back rather than try to predict what will occur
at this point," Bradley Moss, a national security lawyer, said in an email to
The Hill.

Still, Moss predicted that, despite the tensions with either a President Clinton
or Trump, Comey would stay in office for the next six years.

"He likely would view advising either possible president as a worthy challenge
in the aftermath of EmailGate," Moss said.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Young Questions ICE Agency on Failure to Act

LENGTH: 1155 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP David Young has issued the following news release:




 Congressman David Young yesterday sought answers from United States Immigration
and Customs Enforcement (ICE) after their mishandling the case of the suspect
charged in the death of Council Bluffs resident Sarah Root. ICE failed to act on
requests from local law enforcement to detain Eswin Mejia, an illegal immigrant
who killed Root in January while drunk driving. Mejia has not been seen since
posting bail last month.





 After Congressman Young pressed ICE Director Sarah Saldana about the agency's
missteps in Mejia's case that allowed him to flee, Saldana told the Subcommittee
that Mejia is a top priority of the National Fugitive Operations Program,
stating, "That is at the top of our list of fugitives, we are assisting the
local police department in trying to locate them."



 "They're at the top of the list," the Director later added. "And we have
notified through our transnational contacts that we have with governments, I
believe he was from Honduras, and we have notified the government there that -
please be on the lookout for him. We will find him."



 The exchange took place in a U.S. House Appropriations Committee's Homeland
Security Subcommittee budget hearing to examine United States Immigration and
Customs Enforcement (ICE).REP. YOUNG: Hi Director Saldana, thank you for being
here today. As you know, on February 3 this year, my constituent in Iowa, Sarah
Root from Council Bluffs, was killed in by a drunk driver, Eswin Mejia. Mr.
Mejia entered this country illegally and after posting bail on February 5, he
has failed to turn up for mandatory sobriety tests and has not been seen since.
After speaking to Ms. Root's father and learning the facts about the situation,
it's clear there were serious mishandlings of Mr. Mejia's case - specifically
the judge in this case should have more accurately assessed Mr. Mejia's flight
risk. I know that you are aware of this. There was a hearing yesterday where
Senator Sasse asked you about this. Do you believe that this is all just very
unjust?



 MS. SALDANA: It's tragic. It's horrific. Again, you know, I am a prosecutor. I
want those people in jail, in prison. We look at every case on a case by case
basis. We rely on the professional judgement of our people evaluating risk,
because that is what we do every day. You and I may disagree on looking at the
same person, but I am 99.9 percent satisfied with the risk assessments we do, we
even have a tool to help us with that. But I don't want to see a single one of
these cases, or hear about them. That is at the top of our list of fugitives, we
are assisting the local police department in trying to locate them.



 REP. YOUNG: Eswin Mejia is at the top of your list?



 MS. SALDANA: They're at the top of the list. And we have notified through our
transnational contacts that we have with governments, I believe he was from
Honduras, and we have notified the government there that - please be on the
lookout for him. We will find him. We will find him.



 REP. YOUNG: You think he'll show up to his court hearing in 2017?



 MS. SALDANA: I would not put any money on that sir, but we are looking for him
and we are going to find him with the assistance with the local police
department.



 REP. YOUNG: Well you said that this is unjust and of course I agree with you,
it's tragic. And you mentioned in your opening statement that one of your
priorities is to challenge unjust decisions, thank you for that. There are state
and federal roles in these kind of cases, but there seems to be a lot of
confusion, based on what you read, a little Q and A from yesterday, about what
exactly ICE's role is and when do they get involved. Can you elaborate on that?



 MS. SALDANA: Yes. So we're talking about essentially the transfer, the
relationship between local government, law enforcement, and ourselves when we
have a detainer on somebody. So what we will do is we've got databases that'll
tell us that somebody has been arrested by a local jurisdiction and that there's
some information maybe that this person is in the country illegally. We run that
check - sometimes we're there at the jails, sometimes we're not allowed in the
jail. And we'll meet with that person and interview them to confirm because it's
not always the case they are in the country illegally. And then - as I said -
every decision we make - from apprehension to bonds to detention decisions is
made on a case by case basis, so we're looking at the facts relating to that
situation and we decide. This is a risk. This is a flight risk or this is a risk
to public safety. So we will look at that and make that decision and then it
goes from there. Sometimes when we have to release them or put in removal
proceedings. But we make that decision on detention while we have information
from the local decision that they've been apprehended for a crime.



 REP. YOUNG: Well, yesterday you stated ICE did not follow through on a detainer
request made by Omaha police for Mr. Mejia because Ms. Root had 'not passed
away' when Mr. Mejia posted bail - can you elaborate on this? Because certainly
she had passed away, because the bail was two days later.



 MS. SALDANA: Sir if I said that, I didn't say that very clearly or very well. I
believe what I said was our posting a detainer would not have saved her life. It
unfortunately -



 REP. YOUNG: But it kept him from being released?



 MS. SALDANA: Yes, it kept him from facing justice immediately. He will face
justice. I am very confident. But it did keep him from facing justice. That
sounds fairly callous. I am very confident I would not have said that. What I
was trying to explain is that at the time that we were looking at, the facts we
were looking at, we had a serious injury. And as I say sir, I don't want to see
a single instance of where we have somebody on whom we don't place detainers and
they abscond when they have been involved in such a serious situation. We've had
conversations and will continue to have conversations with our people and our
training and everything else to consider that. Because quite frankly, the
priorities allow it, with respect to federal interest cases, and that to me, if
I had been looking at this file, I would have considered that heavily.



 REP. YOUNG: Well I'd like to have some further conversations with you on this -




 MS. SALDANA: I'd be happy to.



 REP. YOUNG: - in your office. I know you view this as a tragedy. But others
have died in similar situations like this. Sarah Root is dead. Eswin Mejia is
missing. A family and a community mourns, and I just don't think that we're
doing enough. And I think this Committee would stand with you in trying to do
more to make sure this doesn't happen again.



 MS. SALDANA: Thank you, we're like-minded in that regard.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                January 21, 2009

U.S. District Court in Massachusetts rules lawyer can't be sued for mishandling
receivership

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 292  words


A lawyer couldn't be sued for mishandling his duties as a court-appointed
receiver - the statute of limitations was not tolled until he was formally
discharged from service, a U.S. District Court in Massachusetts has ruled in
reversing a bankruptcy order. A state court appointed the defendant as the
receiver for a bridge construction company that was embroiled in a bitter
management dispute involving the company's founders.

Three years after the defendant was appointed, the company entered bankruptcy.

More than three years after the filing, the bankruptcy trustee sued the
defendant for negligence, claiming that the company's bankruptcy was due to the
defendant's failure to properly discharge his duties as receiver.

The defendant argued that the claim was barred by the state's three-year statute
of limitations for breach of fiduciary duty.

A bankruptcy court disagreed, concluding that the statute of limitations was
tolled because the defendant had never been formally discharged from his
position as receiver.

But the district court found no basis in state law for tolling the statute of
limitations in this circumstance, concluding that the latest the statute of
limitations began to run was when the bankruptcy trustee effectively superseded
the defendant's authority when the bankruptcy case commenced.

"Because the claims were brought more than three years after the latest date as
of which the limitations period could have begun to run - the termination of
[the defendant's] authority as receiver by the supersession of the bankruptcy
trustee - the claims are barred under Massachusetts [law]," the court said.

U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. Riley v. Decoulos, No.
06-10016-GAO. Jan. 8, 2009. Lawyers USA No. 993-379.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

Air Force morgue lost body parts from war dead, supervisors punished

BYLINE: By ROBERT BURNS

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1222 words


Wednesday November 9, 2011

WASHINGTON -- The Dover military mortuary entrusted with the solemn duty of
receiving and caring for America's war dead twice lost body parts of remains
shipped home from Afghanistan, the Air Force revealed Tuesday.

Three mortuary supervisors have been punished for what the Air Force called
"gross mismanagement," but no one was fired in a grisly case reminiscent of the
scandalous mishandling and misidentifying of remains at Arlington National
Cemetery.

The Air Force, which runs the mortuary at Dover, Del., acknowledged failures
while insisting it made the right decision in not informing families linked to
the missing body parts until last weekend -- months after it completed a probe
of 14 sets of allegations lodged by three members of the mortuary staff.

Gen. Norton Schwartz, the Air Force chief of staff, told a Pentagon news
conference he and the service's top civilian, Michael Donley, are ultimately
responsible for what happens at Dover and for its mistakes.

"There's no escaping it," Schwartz said.

However, an independent federal investigative agency, the Office of Special
Counsel, said the Air Force had fallen short on accountability. That office,
which forwarded the original whistleblower allegations to the Pentagon in May
and July 2010 and reviewed the subsequent Air Force investigative report,
faulted it for taking an overly narrow view of what went wrong at Dover between
2008 and 2010.

"Several of the Air Force's findings are not supported by the evidence presented
and thus do not appear reasonable," the special counsel's office said. "In these
instances the report demonstrates a pattern of the Air Force's failure to
acknowledge culpability for wrongdoing relating to the treatment of remains."

Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner said her office is investigating allegations by
the three whistleblowers that the Air Force retaliated against them in several
ways, including an attempt to fire one of them.

The three whistleblowers still work at Dover. They are James Parsons, an
embalming/autopsy technician; Mary Ellen Spera, a mortuary inspector; and
William Zwicharowski, a senior mortuary inspector.

There is no suggestion of criminal wrongdoing at Dover, and the Air Force said
it found no evidence that those faulted at Dover had deliberately mishandled any
remains. They attributed the mistakes largely to a breakdown in procedures and a
failure to fix problems that had been building over time.

Defense Secretary Leon Panetta issued a statement saying he was "deeply
disturbed" by the matter. Panetta said he supports the Air Force's findings but
has asked a separate panel of the Defense Health Board, a Pentagon advisory
group, to conduct its own review of how the Dover mortuary is run. That review,
to be led by former surgeon general Dr. Richard Carmona, is due within 60 days.

As gruesome as the revelations appear, Schwartz acknowledged that it's possible
that mistakes also were made prior to 2008, during a period when U.S. troops
were killed at even higher rates in Iraq. Other Air Force officials said on
Monday they knew of no prior cases of mishandled remains at Dover.

"I cannot certify with certainty that prior performance met our standard of
perfection," Schwartz told reporters.

At Dover all U.S. war dead are received in well-practiced procedures that place
a premium on a dignified and respectful handling of remains. Medical examiners
then carry out procedures to positively identify remains and determine the cause
of death. Teams of morticians and embalmers then prepare the remains for
disposition. Investigators found a disconnect between the work of the medical
examiners and the morticians, each of which reports to a different military
chain of command.

One of the two cases of missing parts was in April 2009. It involved fragments
of ankle bone embedded in human tissue associated with two crew members
recovered from an Air Force F-15 fighter that crashed in Afghanistan. The
labeled plastic bag containing this portion of remains was found empty during
normal processing, with a slit in the side of the bag. Staff members were unable
to account for the missing piece.

The other instance was in July 2009 and involved a piece of human tissue an inch
or two in length associated with a soldier killed in Afghanistan. As in the
April case, the bag containing the piece was found empty, with a slit in its
side. The piece of missing tissue was never located.

Officials said that in no cases do they suspect foul play, criminal acts or
deliberate mishandling of the missing pieces.

Two of the three officials who were punished still work at Dover but not in
supervisory jobs. None was fired.

In reviewing the Air Force's probe, the Office of Special Counsel disputed the
conclusion that none of the allegations of mishandling of remains amounted to
violations of law or regulation. The special counsel submitted its own report
Tuesday to the White House and to the House and Senate armed services
committees.

The special counsel's office contradicted the Air Force's claim that it was
taking full responsibility.

"While the report reflects a willingness to find paperwork violations and
errors, with the exception of the cases of missing portions (of remains), the
findings stop short of accepting accountability for failing to handle remains
with the requisite 'reverence, care and dignity befitting them and the
circumstances,"' it said.

In addition to the two cases of lost body pieces, the Air Force reviewed
allegations that mortuary officials acted improperly in sawing off an arm bone
that protruded from the body of a Marine in a way that prevented his body from
being placed in his uniform for viewing before burial. The Marine's family had
requested seeing him in his uniform but was not consulted about -- or told of --
the decision to remove the bone.

The Marine, whose identity was not released by the Air Force, was killed by a
roadside bomb in Afghanistan in January 2010.

The Air Force inspector general began his investigation in June 2010 and
finished it in May 2011. It concluded that the mortuary had not violated any
rule or regulation by removing the Marine's bone as it did. But the Air Force
has since changed procedures to ensure that a representative of the deceased's
service -- in this case the Marine Corps -- has a formal say in whether the
family should be contacted before altering the body so significantly.

A total of four families affected directly by the investigation were told of it
last weekend by Air Force officials.

The three supervisors at Dover who were disciplined are Col. Robert H.
Edmondson, who was in overall command of the Air Force Mortuary Affairs
Operations at Dover at the time; Trevor Dean, who was Edmondson's top civilian
deputy; and Quinton "Randy" Keel, director of the mortuary division at Dover.

All three declined Tuesday, through the Air Force's office of public affairs, to
comment for this story.

Edmondson, who had already rotated out of the Dover job by the time the Air
Force probe was over, has been given a letter of reprimand, which makes it
unlikely he will get a future promotion. Schwartz said the colonel was
deliberately put in a staff, rather than command, job in the Pentagon. Dean and
Keel, who are licensed morticians, were dropped a notch in their civilian pay
grade and reassigned at Dover.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

Air Force morgue lost body parts from war dead

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 1230 words


Air Force morgue lost body parts from war dead

WASHINGTON (AP) - The Dover military mortuary entrusted with the solemn duty of
receiving and caring for America's war dead twice lost body parts of remains
shipped home from Afghanistan, the Air Force revealed Tuesday.

Three mortuary supervisors have been punished, but no one was fired in a grisly
case reminiscent of the scandalous mishandling and misidentifying of remains at
Arlington National Cemetery.

The Air Force, which runs the mortuary at Dover, Del., acknowledged failures
while insisting it made the right decision in not informing families linked to
the missing body parts until last weekend - months after it completed a probe of
14 sets of allegations lodged by three members of the mortuary staff.

Gen. Norton Schwartz, the Air Force chief of staff, told a Pentagon news
conference he and the service's top civilian, Michael Donley, are ultimately
responsible for what happens at Dover and for its mistakes.

"There's no escaping it," Schwartz said.

However, an independent federal investigative agency, the Office of Special
Counsel, said the Air Force had fallen short on accountability. That office,
which forwarded the original whistleblower allegations to the Pentagon in May
and July 2010 and reviewed the subsequent Air Force investigative report,
faulted it for taking an overly narrow view of what went wrong at Dover between
2008 and 2010.

"Several of the Air Force's findings are not supported by the evidence presented
and thus do not appear reasonable," the special counsel's office said. "In these
instances the report demonstrates a pattern of the Air Force's failure to
acknowledge culpability for wrongdoing relating to the treatment of remains."

Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner said her office is investigating allegations by
the three whistleblowers that the Air Force retaliated against them in several
ways, including an attempt to fire one of them.

The three whistleblowers still work at Dover. They are James Parsons, an
embalming/autopsy technician; Mary Ellen Spera, a mortuary inspector; and
William Zwicharowski, a senior mortuary inspector.

There is no suggestion of criminal wrongdoing at Dover, and the Air Force said
it found no evidence that those faulted at Dover had deliberately mishandled any
remains. They attributed the mistakes largely to a breakdown in procedures and a
failure to fix problems that had been building over time.

Defense Secretary Leon Panetta issued a statement saying he was "deeply
disturbed" by the matter. Panetta said he supports the Air Force's findings but
has asked a separate panel of the Defense Health Board, a Pentagon advisory
group, to conduct its own review of how the Dover mortuary is run. That review,
to be led by former surgeon general Dr. Richard Carmona, is due within 60 days.

As gruesome as the revelations appear, Schwartz acknowledged that it's possible
that mistakes also were made prior to 2008, during a period when U.S. troops
were killed at even higher rates in Iraq. Other Air Force officials said on
Monday they knew of no prior cases of mishandled remains at Dover.

"I cannot certify with certainty that prior performance met our standard of
perfection," Schwartz told reporters.

At Dover all U.S. war dead are received in well-practiced procedures that place
a premium on a dignified and respectful handling of remains. Medical examiners
then carry out procedures to positively identify remains and determine the cause
of death. Teams of morticians and embalmers then prepare the remains for
disposition. Investigators found a disconnect between the work of the medical
examiners and the morticians, each of which reports to a different military
chain of command.

One of the two cases of missing parts was in April 2009. It involved fragments
of ankle bone embedded in human tissue associated with two crew members
recovered from an Air Force F-15 fighter that crashed in Afghanistan. The
labeled plastic bag containing this portion of remains was found empty during
normal processing, with a slit in the side of the bag. Staff members were unable
to account for the missing piece.

The other instance was in July 2009 and involved a piece of human tissue an inch
or two in length associated with a soldier killed in Afghanistan. As in the
April case, the bag containing the piece was found empty, with a slit in its
side. The piece of missing tissue was never located.

Officials said that in no cases do they suspect foul play, criminal acts or
deliberate mishandling of the missing pieces.

Two of the three officials who were punished still work at Dover but not in
supervisory jobs. None was fired.

In reviewing the Air Force's probe, the Office of Special Counsel disputed the
conclusion that none of the allegations of mishandling of remains amounted to
violations of law or regulation. The special counsel submitted its own report
Tuesday to the White House and to the House and Senate armed services
committees.

The special counsel's office contradicted the Air Force's claim that it was
taking full responsibility.

"While the report reflects a willingness to find paperwork violations and
errors, with the exception of the cases of missing portions (of remains), the
findings stop short of accepting accountability for failing to handle remains
with the requisite 'reverence, care and dignity befitting them and the
circumstances,"' it said.

In addition to the two cases of lost body pieces, the Air Force reviewed
allegations that mortuary officials acted improperly in sawing off an arm bone
that protruded from the body of a Marine in a way that prevented his body from
being placed in his uniform for viewing before burial. The Marine's family had
requested seeing him in his uniform but was not consulted about - or told of -
the decision to remove the bone.

The Marine, whose identity was not released by the Air Force, was killed by a
roadside bomb in Afghanistan in January 2010.

The Air Force inspector general began his investigation in June 2010 and
finished it in May 2011. It concluded that the mortuary had not violated any
rule or regulation by removing the Marine's bone as it did. But the Air Force
has since changed procedures to ensure that a representative of the deceased's
service - in this case the Marine Corps - has a formal say in whether the family
should be contacted before altering the body so significantly.

A total of four families affected directly by the investigation were told of it
last weekend by Air Force officials.

The three supervisors at Dover who were disciplined are Col. Robert H.
Edmondson, who was in overall command of the Air Force Mortuary Affairs
Operations at Dover at the time; Trevor Dean, who was Edmondson's top civilian
deputy; and Quinton "Randy" Keel, director of the mortuary division at Dover.

All three declined Tuesday, through the Air Force's office of public affairs, to
comment for this story.

Edmondson, who had already rotated out of the Dover job by the time the Air
Force probe was over, has been given a letter of reprimand, which makes it
unlikely he will get a future promotion. Schwartz said the colonel was
deliberately put in a staff, rather than command, job in the Pentagon. Dean and
Keel, who are licensed morticians, were dropped a notch in their civilian pay
grade and reassigned at Dover.

---

Robert Burns can be reached on Twitter at http://twitter.com/robertburnsAP

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       June 19, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

DOE: SPIES DIDN'T DO IT;
UNMOLLIFIED GOP LEADERS SAY EVEN CARELESS HANDLING OF SECRETS-FILLED HARD DRIVES
MAY WARRANT RICHARDSON'S EXIT

BYLINE: Peter G. Gosselin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 711 words


WASHINGTON Energy Secretary Bill Richardson said Sunday there is no evidence
that two computer hard drives full of nuclear secrets ever left the Los Alamos
National Laboratory, where they were stored, or that espionage was involved in
their disappearance.

The drives, which disappeared from a vault in the high-security X-Division area
of the New Mexico weapons lab in April or early May only to resurface Friday
behind an office copier at the facility, were flown to Washington on Saturday to
be examined for evidence of tampering or copying.

"I believe there's no espionage. It doesn't appear (the drives) left the
X-Division," Richardson told NBC-TV's "Meet the Press."

Investigators have focused most of their attention in recent days on the handful
of Los Alamos employees with unrestricted access to the drives.

The investigators apparently believe that members of this group borrowed or
misplaced the drives, panicked when their absence was spotted and sought to
return them without attracting attention.

"The possibility here is of human error a mistake somebody concerned that they
might lose their job and they tried to cover up," Richardson said Sunday.

Though benign compared with the alternative of espionage, the idea of employee
mishandling has done little to quiet the political furor that has erupted over
the drives.

In short order Sunday, the Republican chairmen of the House and Senate
intelligence committees said Richardson should consider resigning over the issue
and a string of senior Democrats issued scathing comments.

"I don't believe that he's the manager that he should be and he's not the man
for this job," said Sen. Richard C. Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the Senate
panel.

"I don't think he's measured up," said Rep. Porter J. Goss, R-Fla., who heads
the House panel.

Richardson rejected the criticism, saying he has done more than any of his
recent predecessors to improve security at the nation's weapons labs.

Richardson said the University of California, which operates Los Alamos and
Lawrence Livermore labs under a contract with the Department of Energy, is
"going to have some explaining to do."

"They are very strong on science; they are a great institution, but on security
they haven't done a good job," he said.

Richardson said that all 26 individuals who had full access to the vault where
the drives were stored have undergone polygraph tests.

Separately, the Energy Department's director of counterintelligence, Edward
Curran, said Sunday that several of those tested gave "contradictory statements
(that) tend to indicate they had some knowledge" of how the drives disappeared
and then reappeared Friday.

Controversy over the drives started in early June, when Washington officials
were told that the devices had been discovered missing more than three weeks
earlier, when Los Alamos officials sought to retrieve them as a wildfire closed
in on the facility.

Although Energy Department regulations require speedy notification when
classified material is missing, lab officials apparently decided to wait until
the threat of fire had abated so they could conduct their own informal search.

Once notified, department officials called in the FBI, which sent more than 60
agents to the weapons lab. But the drives turned up on their own Friday in a
high-security area of the facility that had previously been searched by
investigators.

The drives contain detailed information about how to disarm the nuclear weapons
of four nations, including the United States, and are part of the equipment of
the government's Nuclear Emergency Search Team, or NEST, a group assigned to
respond to accidents and terrorist events involving nuclear devices.

Some of the outrage over the drives' mishandling stems from the fact that
investigators and review panels previously have criticized Los Alamos for lax
security, a problem Richardson and the Clinton administration had promised to
correct.

The facility was the subject of congressional allegations last year that China
may have stolen nuclear data from its files. In addition, a former Los Alamos
scientist, Wen Ho Lee, was jailed for mishandling classified material by
downloading nuclear secrets onto an unsecured computer network.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Los Angeles Times

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       June 19, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

DOE: SPIES DIDN'T DO IT;
UNMOLLIFIED GOP LEADERS SAY EVEN CARELESS HANDLING OF SECRETS-FILLED HARD DRIVES
MAY WARRANT RICHARDSON'S EXIT

BYLINE: Peter G. Gosselin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 711 words


WASHINGTON Energy Secretary Bill Richardson said Sunday there is no evidence
that two computer hard drives full of nuclear secrets ever left the Los Alamos
National Laboratory, where they were stored, or that espionage was involved in
their disappearance.

The drives, which disappeared from a vault in the high-security X-Division area
of the New Mexico weapons lab in April or early May only to resurface Friday
behind an office copier at the facility, were flown to Washington on Saturday to
be examined for evidence of tampering or copying.

"I believe there's no espionage. It doesn't appear (the drives) left the
X-Division," Richardson told NBC-TV's "Meet the Press."

Investigators have focused most of their attention in recent days on the handful
of Los Alamos employees with unrestricted access to the drives.

The investigators apparently believe that members of this group borrowed or
misplaced the drives, panicked when their absence was spotted and sought to
return them without attracting attention.

"The possibility here is of human error a mistake somebody concerned that they
might lose their job and they tried to cover up," Richardson said Sunday.

Though benign compared with the alternative of espionage, the idea of employee
mishandling has done little to quiet the political furor that has erupted over
the drives.

In short order Sunday, the Republican chairmen of the House and Senate
intelligence committees said Richardson should consider resigning over the issue
and a string of senior Democrats issued scathing comments.

"I don't believe that he's the manager that he should be and he's not the man
for this job," said Sen. Richard C. Shelby, R-Ala., chairman of the Senate
panel.

"I don't think he's measured up," said Rep. Porter J. Goss, R-Fla., who heads
the House panel.

Richardson rejected the criticism, saying he has done more than any of his
recent predecessors to improve security at the nation's weapons labs.

Richardson said the University of California, which operates Los Alamos and
Lawrence Livermore labs under a contract with the Department of Energy, is
"going to have some explaining to do."

"They are very strong on science; they are a great institution, but on security
they haven't done a good job," he said.

Richardson said that all 26 individuals who had full access to the vault where
the drives were stored have undergone polygraph tests.

Separately, the Energy Department's director of counterintelligence, Edward
Curran, said Sunday that several of those tested gave "contradictory statements
(that) tend to indicate they had some knowledge" of how the drives disappeared
and then reappeared Friday.

Controversy over the drives started in early June, when Washington officials
were told that the devices had been discovered missing more than three weeks
earlier, when Los Alamos officials sought to retrieve them as a wildfire closed
in on the facility.

Although Energy Department regulations require speedy notification when
classified material is missing, lab officials apparently decided to wait until
the threat of fire had abated so they could conduct their own informal search.

Once notified, department officials called in the FBI, which sent more than 60
agents to the weapons lab. But the drives turned up on their own Friday in a
high-security area of the facility that had previously been searched by
investigators.

The drives contain detailed information about how to disarm the nuclear weapons
of four nations, including the United States, and are part of the equipment of
the government's Nuclear Emergency Search Team, or NEST, a group assigned to
respond to accidents and terrorist events involving nuclear devices.

Some of the outrage over the drives' mishandling stems from the fact that
investigators and review panels previously have criticized Los Alamos for lax
security, a problem Richardson and the Clinton administration had promised to
correct.

The facility was the subject of congressional allegations last year that China
may have stolen nuclear data from its files. In addition, a former Los Alamos
scientist, Wen Ho Lee, was jailed for mishandling classified material by
downloading nuclear secrets onto an unsecured computer network.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Los Angeles Times

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 5, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Rep. Dyson Says Smear Drove an Aide to Suicide

BYLINE: By B. DRUMMOND AYRES Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 17, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1189 words

DATELINE: HUGHESVILLE, Md., May 4


Representative Roy P. Dyson of Maryland said today that his top aide, Thomas M.
Pappas, jumped to his death Sunday from a New York hotel because he felt reports
that he had mismanaged Mr. Dyson's office and staff were a ''smear'' that could
not be overcome.

Mr. Dyson, a four-term Democrat, added at a news conference here that his
preliminary investigation of the reports indicated that most had been ''out of
context.''

''I wish we had had a chance to tell both sides,'' he said.

According to the reports, which first appeared in The Washington Post last
Sunday, Mr. Pappas made unusual demands on men working in Mr. Dyson's office,
ordering one not to date for a year, repeatedly demanding that another accompany
him to social events, and telling still another that he would have to perform a
stiptease at an office retreat.

Mr. Dyson said that shortly before Mr. Pappas plunged to his death, in what the
police said was an apparent suicide, he had denied any mishandling of the Dyson
staff. The Congressman related that he had spoken briefly with Mr. Pappas, his
chief of staff, and that Mr. Pappas had said of The Post article, ''It's not
true.''

Benjamin C. Bradlee, executive editor of The Washington Post, said tonight,
''You know we tried desperately to get a hold of both of them'' for comment
before the article was printed. He added that Mr. Dyson had also said today that
the writer and The Post had been fair.

Dyson Sees Commitment

Mr. Dyson said that in his own view, any allegations against Mr. Pappas should
be put in the context that he was a man who wanted people under him to be as
singleminded and totally committed to their jobs as he was. He added that in the
eight years Mr. Pappas had served as his chief of staff, he had come to know him
''like a brother'' and that never in that period had he received any reports of
staff abuse or mishandling.

''Anybody who says they told me is lying,'' Mr. Dyson said.

The Post article was based mainly on interviews with former Dyson staff members,
some of whom said they had been dismissed because they would not acquiese to Mr.
Pappas's orders and demands. Subsequently, the former staffers repeated their
allegations in articles that appeared in other newspapers.

At the time of Mr. Pappas's death, he, Mr. Dyson and another aide were in New
York for the weekend to see a show and to meet with some military contractors
who do business in Maryland's First Congressional District, which Mr. Dyson
represents and which includes the state's Eastern Shore and part of its Western
Shore. The three men were staying at the Helmsley Palace Hotel.

The Congressman said that in the conversation he had with Mr. Pappas shortly
before he died, he gave no indication of being so distraught that he might take
his own life. ''He seemed to me to be holding up very well, was optimistic about
how to handle things, like in a campaign,'' Mr. Dyson added. ''He was was
talking on the phone to a lot of people, including his fiancee.''

Why then, once alone, did Mr. Pappas commit suicide? the Congressman was asked.

'He Was Losing All That'

''I think,'' Mr. Dyson answered, ''that in a sense Tom literally had dedicated
his whole life to this First District. I think he thought he was loosing all
that, that his reputation was being smeared, that he realized that the damage
had been done and that to recover one's reputation later would probably be
impossible.''

Mr. Dyson noted that Mr. Pappas was also under personal pressure because of an
investigation into whether he had illegally been paid some campaign funds. He
refused to discuss that investigation, saying he had been advised by his lawyers
not to until the Federal Elections Commission had completed the inquiry.

Mr. Pappas earlier had denied any wilfull mishandling of campaign funds.

In an effort to underscore his contention that many of the allegations against
Mr. Pappas were presented out of context, Representative Dyson took as an
example a charge that his aide had produced a memorandum for staff members that
warned ''don't mess with me'' because ''Tom Pappas is the chief of staff,
responsible for everyone's paycheck.''

'Tom Was Gregarious'

Mr. Dyson did not deny the existence of the memo. Rather, he said this should be
kept in mind, ''Tom was gregarious and had a great sense of humor and I think
things have to be placed in that context.''

As for the allegation that Mr. Pappas had ordered a staff member not to date,
Mr. Dyson offered a quick quip as a counter. ''During that period,'' he said,
''two or three people on the staff got married, so obviously they were dating.''

The Congressman also took issue with the charge that Mr. Pappas had unreasonably
ordered staff members to accompany him to social events and even had dismissed
one staffer who refused. ''That order came on the night I announced for
re-election,'' Mr. Dyson said. ''Tom told him that it would be inadvisable to
leave the party because it was a very important night and when the staff member
said he was not going to stay in the room with 'all those old bags,' Tom told
him to leave the staff.''

Rumors of Homosexual Activity

Some of the articles that appeared after the original article in The Post
reported that there had been talk, which was unconfirmed and not specific, of
homosexual activity on the Dyson staff. At the news conference today, Mr. Dyson
was asked whether Mr. Pappas was a homosexual.

''No, he was not,'' the Congressman replied. Are you? he was asked. ''No,'' he
replied.

In an earlier telephone interview, Val Ellicott, a former press secretary to Mr.
Dyson, said, ''I never saw any evidence that Tony was homosexual.''

But Mr. Ellicott, now a newspaper editor in West Palm Beach, Fla., supported
other staff members' assertions that Mr. Pappas had made unusual demands on
employees. ''You had to spend your free hours with Tony,'' he said. ''You had to
go out drinking with him. He had control over your free time. He was capricious,
requiring staffers to do things just to show his power. He would insist that I
show up at a bar; he refused to allow me to play in a softball game. He had been
denying staffers permission to do things on weekends.''

The softball game involved reporters from The Easton (Md.) Star-Democrat, Mr.
Ellicott said. ''Tony said I shouldn't be hanging around with reporters,'' Mr.
Ellicott related. ''I said it was part of my job. He threatened to fire me, but
I went down there although the game was rained out. The Congressman overruled
his attempt to fire me.''

Mr. Ellicott said that the overruled dismissal was the exception to the way in
which the Congressional office was run. ''He had almost as much power over Dyson
as he had over the rest of the staff,'' Mr. Ellicott said of Mr. Pappas.

At his news conference, Mr. Dyson was asked how he viewed his re-election
chances this year in the aftermath of Mr. Pappas's death. Mr. Dyson replied that
he had a feeling that the campaign would go very well.

''I'm ready to go - we're hot,'' he added, his voice lifting for the first time
in the hour-long session with reporters.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Rep. Roy P. Dyson and Katie Tucker (NYT/Paul Souders)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                              May 21, 2001, Monday

The great driver gender dispute takes to the air

BYLINE: By David Derbyshire Science Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 322 words

THE traditional stereotypes of cautious women drivers and brash male motorists
may have some truth at 10,000ft. A study has found that the cause of a private
plane crash is usually closely related to the gender of its pilot.

Men tend to crash because they run out of fuel, take risks with the weather and
faulty aircraft, or forget to lower their landing gear. Women on the other hand
are more likely to mishandle the controls or stall during take-off or landing.

The conclusions come from a study of helicopter and light plane crashes between
1983 and 1997 in the United States, involving 144 women and 287 men. The
researchers looked only at more mature pilots, aged at least 40.

Dr Susan Baker of Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, who led the study, found
that the most common cause of crashes was the loss of control on landing or
take-off. This led to 59 per cent of female and 36 per cent of male accidents.
Most crashes involved at least one type of pilot error, the researchers report
in the journal Aviation, Space and Environmental Medicine.

Mishandling the aircraft, incorrect use of the rudder, poor response to a bounce
and the inability to recover from a stall were the most common errors.
Eighty-one per cent of the women's crashes were caused by mishandling the plane,
compared to 48 per cent of the men.

But men were more likely to be guilty of poor decision making, risk taking and
failing to pay attention to instruments and conditions. They were more likely to
fly an aircraft with a known fault or misjudge the weather and visibility. Women
were generally more cautious.

The team also found that older pilots made fewer mistakes than the younger ones.

Dr Baker said that the crash rate for male pilots was higher than that of female
pilots in America.

"Our study reveals several gender differences in the types of pilot error
involved in general aviation crashes," she said.
[PS]News: [ES]

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 Telegraph Group Limited


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

El Paso County Commissioners approve spending $200K in security equipment for
Ascarate Park

BYLINE: Aileen B. Flores, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


March 02--Cameras, vehicle counters and other security equipment will be
installed at Ascarate Park in an effort to prevent mishandling of funds
collected at the popular hangout, county leaders said Monday.

The El Paso County Commissioners Court on Monday approved spending about
$200,000 to upgrade security at the park, and also adopted policies and
procedures for handling money collected from entrance and rental fees. Starting
May 1, the park also will close at 10 p.m. rather than 11 p.m.

The move comes as a result of the recent criminal investigation into possible
embezzlement of funds by park employees.

"These are controls that should have been in place for some time now and could
have avoided the most recent of issues that we had at Ascarate Park," said Pat
Adauto, the special projects director for the county.

Adauto referred to the recent arrests of two former county employees by
sheriff's investigators.

Former Ascarate Park manager Reynaldo "Ray" Chavez is accused of theft by a
public servant over $20,000 and under $100,000, and former county accounting
clerk Mayra Navarrete was arrested on suspicion of forging signatures on cash
count sheets meant to track entrance fee collections. Also under investigation
is the county's former special events coordinator, Steve Lazarin, who recently
resigned, Adauto said.

According to documents, the county is expected to spend more than $197,000 in
secure safes and drawers, door locks, vehicle counters, security cameras and
alarms, and information technology. About $135,000 will be used for equipment
that will allow the county to accept credit and debit cards at the park in the
near future. Currently, visitors can only pay with cash.

Adauto said the improvements are going to be made throughout the park, including
the golf course, swimming pool, pavilion and the gate.

The new policies and procedures are meant to better staff the park's gate during
peak hours and better define what constitutes a special event when entrance fees
are higher.

Under the new rules, county employees will be at the gate at all times Friday,
Saturday, Sunday and on holidays, rather than working sporadic hours.

The park also will close an hour earlier, remaining open from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m.

The entrance fee per vehicle will be $2 on weekends and $5 on holidays and
special events. Entrance is free on Mondays through Fridays.

Under the new policy, an event is considered a special event if it brings more
than 250 people into the park.

The fees and new hours of operation will start on May 1.

A sign will be installed at the entrance of the park with information on the
fees and hours of operation, officials said.

The policy also will be implemented at the Sporkspark and other county venues in
the future, Adauto said.

Commissioner David Stout, who represents the Ascarate area, said the upgrades
will help mitigate future problems and keep employees from mishandling money.

"If you have security cameras and you have a system set up, people are going to
be much less likely to want to take the money," Stout said.

In addition, the policies and procedures will help employees at the park know
what is expected of them when it comes to collecting, counting and depositing
money, Stout said.

In other action Monday, commissioners approved advertising a request for
qualifications for environmental consultant services.

"It's not for any specific issue," Adauto said. "It's just to have it on hand so
if we ever need it in the future, we have an on-call contractor."

The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality recently issued a violation notice
to the county for the illegal dumping of asphalt in a long-closed Fabens
landfill.

Aileen B. Flores may be reached at 546-6362.

___ (c)2015 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150302-EY-El-Paso-County-Commissioners-approve-spending-200K-in-security-equip
ment-for-Ascarate-Park-0302-20150302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2015 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Takeda, Lilly win 99% cut in damages award

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 723 words


Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. and Eli Lilly & Co. won a more than a 99 percent cut
in a $9 billion punitive damages award over claims the drugmakers hid the cancer
risks of their Actos diabetes medicine.

Jurors properly found officials of Osaka, Japan-based Takeda and
Indianapolis-based Lilly intentionally hid the health risks of the drug and
should pay punitive damages, U.S. District Judge Rebecca Doherty in Lafayette,
Louisiana, ruled. Still, the panel's decision to order Takeda to pay $6 billion
and Lilly $3 billion was excessive and should be reduced to a total of $36.8
million, she said.

Takeda's U.S. headquarters are in Deerfield.

The reduction brings the award "to the maximum amount a jury could have properly
awarded" under current U.S. law, Doherty said. The judge denied Takeda's and
Lilly's request for a new trial.

Takeda shares rose 2.1 percent to 4,674 yen in Tokyo trading as of 9:11 a.m.
local time today. Lilly shares rose 0.2 percent to $66.20 in New York Stock
Exchange composite trading on Oct. 27.

Takeda faces more than 8,000 U.S. suits accusing it mishandling Actos.

Will Appeal

Takeda officials said the more than 99 percent cut in the damages wasn't enough
and they plan to appeal.

"We view the substantially reduced punitive damage award as a step in the right
direction, but we believe a damage award of any amount is not justified based on
the evidence presented in this trial," Kenneth Greisman, a U.S.-based spokesman
for Takeda, said in an e-mailed statement.

"While we have empathy for the plaintiff, we believe the evidence did not
support his claims," Mike Harrington, Lilly's general counsel, added in an
e-mailed statement. "We will continue working vigorously to overturn the
verdict."

Actos sales peaked in the year ended March 2011 at $4.5 billion and accounted
for 27 percent of Takeda's revenue at the time, according to data compiled by
Bloomberg. Actos has generated more than $16 billion in sales since its 1999
release, according to court filings. Takeda now faces generic competition from
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd.

Lilly was Takeda's U.S. partner in selling and marketing the drug over seven
years starting in 1999. That partnership ended in 2006, with Lilly retaining
rights to sell Actos in parts of Asia and Europe as well as in Canada and
Mexico.

Richard Arsenault, one of the lawyers for plaintiff Terrence Allen in the
Louisiana case, said he was pleased the judge rebuffed Takeda's and Lilly's
new-trial bid and endorsed the jury's finding that the companies deserved to pay
some punitive award.

"The jury found, on clear and convincing evidence, that Takeda and Lilly engaged
in seriously reprehensible behavior," Arsenault said in an e-mailed statement.
Arsenault is lead counsel for more than 3,000 plaintiffs whose Actos cases have
been consolidated before Doherty in federal court for pre-trial information
exchanges.

Under Doherty's ruling, Takeda is responsible for paying $27.6 million in
punitive damages and Lilly must pay $9.2 million. The jury also awarded Allen
$1.5 million in compensatory damages.

Allen, a former hardware-store manager from Attica, New York, alleged that he
developed bladder cancer after taking Actos for more than five years starting in
2006.

His lawyers argued Takeda executives ignored or downplayed concerns about the
drug's cancer-causing potential and misled regulators about its risks to protect
billions of dollars in sales.

Allen's attorneys presented jurors with "ample evidence" about Takeda's and
Lilly's mishandling of the drug and the panel properly came up with a verdict
intended to deter future misconduct, the judge found.

Still, the panel's punitive-damages verdicts violated constitutional protections
against excessive awards by assessing Takeda a punishment of more than 5,400
times the compensatory damage award and Lilly a punishment that was more than
8,100 times Allen's actual damages, Doherty said.

Jurors in state court in West Virginia are hearing evidence that Takeda hid
Actos's health risks in a trial that started October 20. Earlier this month, a
state court jury in Philadelphia ordered Takeda to pay $2 million in damages to
a woman who blamed the medicine for her bladder cancer.

The Louisiana case is Allen v. Takeda Pharmaceuticals North America Inc.,
12-cv-00064, U.S. District Court, Western District of Louisiana (Lafayette).

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: file photo Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. and Eli Lilly & Co. won a more
than a 99 percent cut in a $9 billion punitive damages award over claims the
drugmakers hid the cancer risks of their Actos diabetes medicine. Japan-based
Takeda has U.S. headquarters in Deerfield.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

Teen's shooting death ruled an accident

BYLINE: Brandi Watters, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Jan. 20--FRANKTON, Ind. -- Police have determined that the shooting that took
the life of a Frankton teenager was accidental, and caused by the mishandling of
a weapon.

Frankton teen Andrew "A.J." Kistler, 17, was shot and killed in his home near
Frankton Saturday night by his brother, 20-year-old Richard "Rick" Kistler.

Madison County Sheriff Ron Richardson released a statement Tuesday updating the
status of the investigation into the shooting.

"Our investigation shows, this incident is a result of an accidental discharge
of a shotgun during its mishandling," Richardson noted.

Police were called to the Kistler home in the 3200 block of West County Road
1000 North Saturday just before 9 p.m. in response to the shooting.

Upon arrival, an officer with the Department of Natural Resources and Frankton
reserve police officer found Rick Kistler outside the house threatening to take
his own life with the shotgun.

Frankton reserve police officer David Sloderbeck was able to calm Kistler until
he turned the weapon over to police.

Madison County Coroner Ned Dunnichay said A.J. Kistler died of a single gunshot
wound to the chest.

A public viewing for A.J. Kistler was held in the gymnasium of Frankton Junior
Senior High School on Tuesday and his funeral service will take place in the
gymnasium Wednesday at 11 a.m.

Richardson said he cannot reveal what happened in the Kistler house leading up
to the shooting until Madison County Prosecutor Thomas Broderick has reviewed
the report compiled by investigators.

Broderick will be presented with the full investigative report Wednesday.

"With the facts that have been gathered during the investigation, the captain of
detectives contacted the prosecutor this morning and it was agreed that the case
would be referred to him for his opinion," Richardson said.

Broderick could not be reached for comment Tuesday.

Although media were not permitted to attend A.J. Kistler's viewing Tuesday, the
Kistler family has given The Herald Bulletin permission to attend the funeral
Wednesday and full coverage from the event will be available online at
www.heraldbulletin.com and in Thursday's print edition.

Contact Brandi Watters, 640-4847, brandi.watters@heraldbulletin.com

To see more of The Herald Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald Bulletin,
Anderson, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100120-HU-Teen-s-shooting-death-ruled-an-accident-0120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                                 Copyright 2010


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Trump not going to 'hurt' Clinton

LENGTH: 466  words


US President-elect Donald Trump talks to CBS' "60 Minutes" program broadcast on
Sunday. (Photo by CBS)

US President-elect Donald Trump says he does not want to "hurt" Hillary Clinton,
backing down on one of his major campaign pledges to prosecute his Democratic
rival in the race for the White House.

Trump made the statement during an interview with CBS on Sunday, trying to dodge
questions about a pledge to prosecute Clinton once he takes office.

"She did some bad things, I mean she did some bad things," Trump said of the
former first lady.

However, he took a vague tone when asked if he ever was going to probe Clinton
and her family, whom he frequently referred to as "Crooked Hillary" during the
campaign.

"I don't want to hurt them; I don't want to hurt them. They're, they're good
people," he said.

"I don't want to hurt them," he repeated. "And I will give you a very, very good
and definitive answer the next time."

One day after his historic victory over Clinton on November 8, Trump took a
reconciliatory tone in his victory speech and said all Americans owed the former
secretary of state "a major debt of gratitude for her service to our country."

Hillary Clinton makes a concession speech after being defeated by Donald Trump
in New York, November 9, 2016. (Photo by AFP)

This is while, during the presidential debates, Trump had openly threatened to
imprison Clinton over her use of a private server to exchange thousands of
emails with potentially sensitive content.

The US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has twice cleared Clinton of all
charges relating to her possible mishandling of government secrets, drawing fire
from Trump and his supporters.

Trump has also accused Clinton and President Barack Obama of creating the Daesh
(ISIL) Takfiri group in Iraq, saying they were responsible for the group's
expansion into Syria and other countries around the world.

Clinton's support for the 2003 US Invasion of Iraq was another attacking point
used by Trump.

Additionally, the New York businessman has accused Clinton of mishandling the
2012 attack against the American consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi, which
led to the death of Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans.

Spearheading a Western military intervention in Libya that facilitated the
overthrow of the African country's former ruler Muammar Gaddafi was another
crime committed by Clinton, according to Trump's campaign.

However, Clinton later on revealed that Trump himself had "extensively"
supported attacking Libya.

"At this point, if you don't get rid of Gaddafi, it's a major, major black eye
for this country," Trump had said on his video blog in 2011.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/27/147911852208.jpg

US President-elect Donald Trump talks to CBS'

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/98/147911852439.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 7, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Camden, On the Brink Of a Beginning

BYLINE:  By JILL P. CAPUZZO

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1968 words

DATELINE: CAMDEN


THE third time's the charm.

At least that's what Melvin Primas is hoping as he sits poised to take on what
may be his most powerful role yet in shaping the city where he grew up.

One could argue that Mr. Primas has already held the top two posts here -- City
Council president and mayor. But the newly created position of chief operating
officer -- for which he is the leading and perhaps only contender despite the
misgivings of some -- comes free of obligation to the electorate, and with a
huge pot of state money.

Even before the state's legislators and the governor could agree to turn over
$175 million to help resurrect Camden -- New Jersey's poorest city and the
second-poorest city in the United States -- it was clear to most of them that
the city's elected officials were not up to the job of managing the money
themselves.

In a city where 33 percent of the population lives below the poverty level, the
average house is worth $40,000 and three of the last six mayors have been found
guilty of mishandling funds, the Legislature needed greater assurances that the
money would be spent properly.

"If the state is making an unprecedented investment in the city of Camden, it
should have an unprecedented voice," said Joseph Roberts, the Assembly majority
leader from Camden who co-sponsored the recovery bill.

With that clearly etched in the minds of Governor McGreevey and the legislators,
the Camden Recovery Plan included a provision for appointing a chief operating
officer whose stated function would be to focus on the economic development of
this troubled city of 79,900 residents.

But in fact the job -- which will exist for five years -- will entail much more,
extending not over only spending decisions but municipal appointments and the
awarding of city contracts through an unparalleled veto power over the mayor and
council as well as the city's zoning, planning and redevelopment boards.

The knottier details of how the money will be raised -- and particularly how the
bill will be tied into school board reform -- were subjects of intense
discussion in Trenton over the past several weeks.

Yet surprisingly, there was little debate over the notion of installing someone
appointed by the governor whose job included executive powers superseding those
of the city's elected officials. One explanation for the relative calm -- less
than a year after city leaders stormed the state capitol protesting what they
saw as a state takeover -- was that the name being bandied about was Mr. Primas,
or as he is known, Randy.

Indeed, Camden's mayor, Gwendolyn Faison, who scurried about the State House a
couple of weeks ago trying to get updates on amendments to the revitalization
bill, expressed little concern this time around that her power was being
usurped.

"This bill is larger than Mayor Faison," she said. "I can't think about egos.
I'm still at the table, that's what counts," she added, referring to the
15-member review panel that she and the council president will sit on to oversee
financing plans.

That she is now comfortable with a chief operating officer -- despite the fact
that she will, at best, share the seat at the head of the table -- is because
the other person being considered is Mr. Primas. "I welcome a person like Randy,
someone I can trust," she said.

Strong Ties to the Mayor

Mayor Faison's newfound equanimity may be traced to the fact that Mr. Primas was
the one who first brought her into politics, when as mayor in 1983 he asked her
to run for a seat on the City Council on his ticket. It also does not hurt that
Mr. Primas's and Mayor Faison's mothers worked together at GTE. Or that the
mayor's son lives in nearby Gibbsboro across the street from the Primases, who
have been known to fish-sit for their neighbors on occasion.

Nor is the goodwill for Mr. Primas limited to Mayor Faison and her family. The
president of the Camden City Council, Angel Fuentes, who has had his share of
turf wars with the mayor, is ready to yield a portion of his leadership to Mr.
Primas.

"I don't see it as a power struggle," Mr. Fuentes said "He's going to be the
main broker for the council, the mayor and the citizens of Camden. We need a
good power broker who can be the link between all these institutions and the
state and county."

Being selected chief operating officer is not a foregone conclusion for Mr.
Primas, who would have to be appointed by the governor -- possibly after a
formal search has been conducted. But his strong political ties, not only in
Camden but at the county and state levels as well as to the business community,
make him the most obvious choice.

"The governor should look around for the best person for the job, but I think
that's going to end up being Randy Primas," said Assemblyman Roberts.

For his part, Mr. Primas said recently that he did not want to be presumptuous
about the likelihood of the new position. Then he proceeded to talk openly about
the Camden Recovery Plan and the job he hoped to fill.

"Here we are, one of the top three richest states in the nation housing the
second-poorest city in the nation," he said. "It's important for New Jersey to
get this fixed. The state recognizes that Camden needs a systematic change, and
that they need to make a significant investment."

Born in East Camden in 1949, Mr. Primas attended Woodrow Wilson High School
before going to Howard University, where he says he was politically awakened in
1968 after the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. and the ensuing riots
just outside his dormitory in the nation's capital.

"I went up on the roof that night and it looked like a war," he said. "Fires
were breaking out all over. The next day I was down in the street. The police
had tried to contain everyone in our neighborhood, but when it started moving
downtown, that's when the nightsticks came out. That was a defining moment for
me."

Mr. Primas said that until that time his goal was "to get a good job, a house in
the suburbs, two kids."

Eventually that original goal was met, but along the way Mr. Primas immersed
himself in the politics of his hometown. After graduating from college, he
returned to Camden to work for the Black People's Unity Movement Impact
Corporation, a grass-roots economic development organization providing
assistance to minority businesses.

As part of a lawsuit settlement, former Mayor Angelo Errichetti agreed to put
someone from the Black People's Unity Movement on his ticket to run for council.
Mr. Primas, then a 23-year-old political neophyte, was chosen, largely because
of his name recognition as the grand nephew of one of the city's first black
doctors and the nephew of the city's first black fire chief.

Smooth Rise to Power

Mr. Primas sat on the city council for eight years, serving as its president for
the last four. When Mr. Errichetti was forced from office in 1981 after his
conviction for accepting bribes, Mr. Primas became the heir apparent to the
mayor's seat. Re-elected twice, Mr. Primas left the city in 1990 at the start of
his third term to serve as the state commissioner of community affairs for three
years, and then joined Commerce Capital Markets as vice president, working in
the bank's bond division in Cherry Hill.

But it was during his tenure as mayor that Mr. Primas made some decisions that
still haunt him today and could have an effect on the new post he is pursuing.
After 10 years of no tax increases under Mayor Errechetti but with the city
facing imminent bankruptcy, Mr. Primas was forced to raise local taxes by 88
percent within days of taking office.

He was also pressured to accept the Riverfront State Prison on Camden's
waterfront in exchange for bailout funds from the state. In response to critics,
Mr. Primas said he takes full responsibility for his actions, but explained that
with notes due to the bank and no money to pay them, "we really didn't have much
choice."

Howard Gillette, a professor of history at Rutgers University, who is writing a
book on the last 50 years of Camden, called Mr. Primas' re-emergence "a kind of
extraordinary circle" after being absent from city government for more than 20
years.

While Professor Gillette acknowledged that Mr. Primas might be the right person
for the position, he said he had concerns about the process, which he saw as
disenfranchising voters.

"He brings experience, but he also brings baggage," he said. "It looks good from
the outside. He's a seasoned person who's political and knows the community. The
big challenge will be to regain the confidence of the people he's going to be
working for. I don't think Primas and Faison would see each other as enemies,
but there is an inherent conflict in putting somebody with superpowers over an
elected official."

One community activist here, Frank Fulbrook, who ran against Mr. Primas for
mayor in 1989, agrees, and is considering filing a lawsuit against the portion
of the bill that deals with governance, based on what he calls "excessive power
embodied in one person, a person who doesn't even live in Camden."

If the governor does decide to conduct a national search for the post, Mr.
Primas said he would submit his application, noting that he was "not afraid to
compete."

"I've worked all my adult life trying to improve the city I was born in," said
the 52-year-old Mr. Primas. "I see this as an opportunity to finally really make
a difference."

As for sidestepping voters' constitutional right to elect leaders, Mr. Primas
conceded this was a price the city would have to pay to get itself back on
track.

"I don't believe the Legislature will be prepared to put the kind of resources
we're talking about without additional controls," he said. "If I had to choose,
I think it's more important to see progress and improvement in the quality of
life and temporarily suspend some of the autonomy of local government."

Taking the position and leaving his job at Commerce would mean a substantial pay
cut for Mr. Primas, according to Mr. Roberts, who said the post would pay in the
range of $150,000 to $175,000, commensurate with similar jobs like the head of a
regional authority. And while the assemblyman cited this as one more example of
Mr. Primas's dedication to the city, Mr. Fulbrook doubted that the former mayor
would be willing to make such a financial sacrifice.

"Money was always a big thing to Randy. If he takes this job at $160,000, you
better start searching where he'll get the rest of his income because he's not
going to take a pay cut," said Mr. Fulbrook, noting that even in their high
school yearbook, Mr. Primas stated that one of his desires was to "make a lot of
money."

In a city such as Camden, where politics plays an inordinately large role, the
easygoing Mr. Primas stands out for having ruffled few feathers while forming
some powerful bonds, including those with the Camden county Democratic boss,
George Norcross III, and State Senator Wayne Bryant, one of the people to put
Mr. Primas's name forward for the job.

"Being a former mayor and a state commissioner, he has all the pre-requisites to
do the job,' said Mr. Bryant, the co-sponsor of the bill. "I don't need a C.O.O.
whose ego is going to get in the way. I need someone who's going to get the work
done. I don't think he's looking to have any more stories written about him."

Because the position is not an elected one, and because he insists he has no
future political aspirations, Mr. Primas predicts he will be able to get more
done than he did as mayor in the 1980's, a period when the city saw sections of
its waterfront and downtown revitalized while the outlying neighborhoods
suffered.

"When you are an elected official, there are many more political considerations
one has to take into account in order to keep getting re-elected," he said.
"Since I have no desire to run for elected office, I have no need to win
friends."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Melvin Primas, above, a former mayor of Camden, is poised to
focus on the economic development of the troubled city. (Photographs by Tim
Shaffer for The New York Times)(pg. 1); Camden is a city in which 33 percent of
the population lives in poverty, the average house is worth $40,000 and three of
the last six mayors have been found guilty of mishandling funds. The Legislature
needed assurances that money it was allotting would be well spent. It might turn
to Melvin Primas, below right, who in January discussed a new pool at the Boys
and Girls Club with a board member, Milford Liss. (Photographs by Tim Shaffer
for The New York Times)(pg. 7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      August 14, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

LAWYER WHO BLEW WHISTLE IS REINSTATED

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 244 words


SACRAMENTO -- After being placed on administrative leave for disclosing
confidential documents that contributed to the downfall of former state
Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush, a lawyer in the Department of
Insurance will return to the job.

Whistle-blower Cindy Ossias said her immediate supervisor notified her Friday of
her reinstatement.

"I am relieved," she said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times. "I'm not
sure this is going to be the end of it, but certainly I'm relieved that I'm
going back to work in some capacity."

Steven J. Green, acting chief counsel for the department, confirmed that Ossias
is being reinstated and said the department contemplates no further disciplinary
action against her.

In late June, Ossias emerged as the whistle-blower who had leaked documents that
prompted a legislative investigation of Quackenbush for agreements he made with
insurance companies accused of mishandling Northridge earthquake-related claims.

After learning of Ossias' actions, Quackenbush placed her on administrative
leave and announced that the department was considering other "appropriate
action, including dismissal."

The documents showed that Quackenbush allowed insurance companies to make
contributions to nonprofit foundations he created, rather than pay fines for
mishandling claims. Evidence showed that money from one of the foundations was
used on advertising designed to enhance Quackenbush's political image.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday

ICC mishandling Kenya cases-Museveni

BYLINE: KEVIN J. KELLEY -1

LENGTH: 210  words


Uganda President Yoweri Museveni has accused the ICC of mishandling complex
African issues

NEW YORK

The International Criminal Court is guilty of "arrogance" in its prosecution of
Kenya's elected leaders, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni declared in a speech
to the United Nations in New York on Tuesday.

"The ICC, in a shallow, biased way, has continued to mishandle complex African
issues," Mr Museveni said. "This is not acceptable. The ICC should stop."

"Kenya is recovering," he asserted. "Let her recover."

The Ugandan Head of State noted that many African countries had supported
creation of the ICC "because we abhor impunity."

Museveni said the court has ignored African Union positions on on African
matters.

He associated the ICC with "the old mistake makers" who failed to heed the
anticolonial slogan of "Africa for the Africans."

"The latest manifestation of arrogance is from the ICC in relation to the
elected leaders of Kenya," Mr Museveni said.

"We know the origin of the past mistakes," he assured his listeners in the UN
General Assembly hall. "The ICC way is not the right one to handle those
mistakes."

President Uhuru Kenyatta, his deputy William Ruto and former radio journalist
Joshua Sang are facing crimes against humanity charges before the ICC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                       May 20, 2001 Sunday FINAL EDITION

STUDY: SEX AN ISSUE IN CRASHES

BYLINE: PAUL PAYNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 385 words


BALTIMORE Air crashes involving female pilots are mostly due to mishandling of
the plane, while those with male pilots are more often due to flawed
decision-making and inattention, a study found.

Flying planes with known mechanical problems, running out of fuel and landing
with the gear up were typically male problems, said the Johns Hopkins University
Bloomberg School of Public Health study released last week.

Women's crashes were more often due to incorrect use of the rudder, poor
response to a bounce or inability to recover from a stall, the study found.

"Males trade accuracy for speed," said professor Susan Baker, the study's
co-author. "They would rather do something faster even if they don't do it
accurately.

"Women tend to be more cautious and pay greater attention to details and rules."

The authors said women may have mishandled planes because they had less flight
time and experience on average than men.

The study in this month's issue of Aviation, Space and Environmental Medicine
was prompted in part by the more than 30-fold increase in the number of female
airline pilots since 1959.

Officials of the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation
Administration would not comment on the study.

Hopkins scholars looked at crashes of civilian, noncommercial planes from 1983
to 1997 involving 144 female and 287 male pilots over 40 years of age.

Aircraft mishandling was the most common problem for both men and women, but was
blamed in 80 percent of female pilots' crashes and just 48 percent of men's.

Flawed decision-making, such as misjudging weather or flying planes with
mechanical defects, was responsible in about 29 percent of male crashes compared
with 19 percent of women's.

Inattention was a factor in 32 percent of male crashes but about 19 percent for
women.

Crashes are often the result of more than one error, the researchers noted.

Lloyd Coleman of Beacon Flying Service in Gaithersburg said the depiction of men
as hot-dogging mavericks and women as incompetent "borders on the
stereotypical."

"You really can't say what happened in a crash because you weren't there,"
Coleman said. "I'm not sure how valid it is."

Crashes of noncommercial, nonmilitary planes kill an average of 652 people per
year, the study said.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JUNE 16, 1995 Friday FINAL EDITION

INSPECTION CHANGES FOR MEAT ASSAILED / INDUSTRY AND LEGISLATORS ARE OPPOSED TO
NEW U.S. REGULATIONS. / THEY SAY THE RULES ARE TOO BURDENSOME.

BYLINE: Brigid Schulte, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1325 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The meat industry and its allies in Congress are trying to kill a pending
overhaul of the government's inspection system, intended to better identify
contaminated meat.

The 1996 budget plan already approved by the House would stop funding for
further Agriculture Department efforts to revamp its 90-year-old meat-
inspection system, which just about everyone agrees is archaic and useless in
finding bacteria that cause illness. The Senate's 1996 budget plan does not
address the issue, and House-Senate conferees are now meeting to reconcile
differences between the two budgets.

The Agriculture Department estimates that five million Americans become ill and
4,000 die every year from eating meat and poultry contaminated with bacteria,
generally carried in animal feces.

Agriculture is preparing new regulations that would change the way meat is
inspected. The new rules had been expected by the end of next year. But now,
change may be years away, USDA officials said.

Opponents say the USDA proposals are too burdensome on the meat industry. Some
lawmakers on critical House committees are seeking to eliminate funding for
reforms, force the USDA to let industry help write regulations, delay
regulations with a moratorium, or pass industry-friendly legislation first.

Critics of the planned reform insist that most illnesses are caused by consumers
undercooking or otherwise mishandling raw meat, particularly ground beef.

"I think the system works now," said Rep. Collin C. Peterson (D., Minn.). "Most
of the problem is not caused by the industry; it's caused by the people who
mishandle the product after they've bought it. There's no way industry can
control that."

Peterson and others often cite a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
study that attributed 97 percent of all foodborne disease outbreaks to consumer
mishandling and 3 percent to slaughterhouses.

But the National Research Council, a branch of the National Academy of Sciences,
said that logic was convoluted: The bacteria had to be in the meat in the first
place, long before it reached the consumer.

Supporters of inspection reform say any delay is dangerous. Indeed, USDA
officials warn that the lethal bacterium Escherichia coli O157:H7, which causes
20,000 illnesses and 500 deaths a year, is "becoming an epidemic."

"We just had a terrorist explosion in Oklahoma City that caused (168) deaths. .
. . Harmful bacteria on meat and poultry causes 40 times that amount every
year," said Rep. George E. Brown Jr. (D., Calif.), an Agriculture Committee
member who is pushing legislation to make inspection laws tougher, a move that
is languishing for lack of support.

"If it were a single incident, it would be considered a major, national
catastrophe," Brown continued. "But because it's a common event, it's accepted
as part of the hazards of everyday living. And it shouldn't be."

Under the current system, USDA inspectors visually check every carcass that
swings by on the slaughterhouse production line. In big beef plants, that can be
as many as 5,000 a day.

The USDA plans to require plants to monitor critical spots where fecal material
and bacteria can get into the meat, use anti-microbial treatments to
cut bacteria levels and test for harmful bacteria under a system called Hazard
Analysis and Critical Control Points, or HACCP.

The proposal also would set standards for bacteria levels and mandate
temperature controls for the first time - bacteria can double every four hours
at room temperature.

Some of the larger meat-packing plants have had HACCP plans for the last few
years. Since the 1993 Jack in the Box outbreak of E. coli in hamburgers that
left four children dead and 700 others sick in the Pacific Northwest, some
fast-food chains will not buy raw ground beef from plants that do not have HACCP
plans.

The American Meat Institute, the industry's lobbying arm, petitioned the USDA in
November 1994 to mandate HACCP for all meat and poultry plants.

But many in the industry still regard USDA inspectors as a problem.

For years, several big companies have fought to get inspectors off the
production lines, largely because they can stop production when they see
contamination. That can cost companies thousands of dollars a minute.

The USDA has not made it clear what inspectors would do under the new system.

Although consumer groups say inspectors play an important role in ensuring
sanitary conditions, industry scientists argue that additional handling and time
on the hot "kill floor" increase bacteria levels.

Critics in Congress and the industry argue that the USDA proposal merely
"layers" a new inspection system onto the old, outdated one. They are holding
the new plan hostage until the USDA scraps the old one.

"We advocate blowing up the inspection system and starting over," said Sarah
Clarke, of the American Meat Institute.

Rep. David M. McIntosh (R., Ind.), who is chairman of the House Government
Reform subcommittee on regulatory affairs, goes a step further than scrapping
the old system. He says the USDA should replace it with irradiation to kill
bacteria in beef. But irradiation, a process that sterilizes food with
radioactive gamma rays, is a controversial process that some scientists say is
still years away from practical commercial use.

Mandatory testing for harmful bacteria is another major problem for industry.
Some large plants already test for generic bacteria as a way to check sanitation
and lengthen shelf life. But many fear that once the USDA requires them to test
for specific bacteria - the proposal requires plants initially to test for
salmonella - they could become more liable if lawyers were able to tie industry
test records to an illness or death.

Small slaughterhouses have been lobbying heavily recently, saying the new system
would put them out of business. They want a voluntary system.

In the face of industry pressure, Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman has already
agreed to delay the regulations for 30 days.

Also at the urging of small business, lawmakers on the House Appropriations
subcommittee on agriculture are threatening to cut funding for the regulations
unless the USDA agrees to let industry help write them, a process called
negotiated rule-making. USDA officials say such a mandate would put reform
efforts back by several years.

A committee vote is expected Thursday. If it passes, it remains to be seen what
the full House or the Senate would do.

If all else fails, Peterson said, the House Agriculture Committee would like to
write more industry-friendly legislation and cut the USDA regulations off at the
pass.

"I'm persuaded that we can trust industry," said Peterson, who is a member of
the Agriculture and Government Reform Committees. "We ought to change USDA to a
system like we have with banking, where we go in and test the controls and
process, rather than being in a position of having to check every single thing
that happens."

Mike Taylor, USDA undersecretary for food safety, agreed. But he said he wanted
to make sure the new system works before dumping the old one.

Taylor acknowledged that the industry is right that the current inspection
system is too tangled with regulations having nothing to do with food safety.
For example, companies must submit blueprints for USDA approval before building
plants and must wait endlessly to get permission to move equipment or try new
ways to kill bacteria.

Taylor has promised a thorough review of such regulations, as well as special
meetings to deal with small-business concerns.

Peterson said: "I think a lot of what they've put together in the (new
regulations) makes sense. But we don't trust them. I guess that's what it
boils down to."

Brown countered: "I think they're playing with fire. When we had a single
outbreak with contaminated hamburger, there was a national reaction: Why doesn't
the government do something about it?"

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 20, 1999, Monday, Final Edition

Jailed Nuclear Physicist To Sue U.S. Over Leaks

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 475 words



Former Los Alamos National Laboratory physicist Wen Ho Lee and his wife, Sylvia,
plan to file a lawsuit today in U.S. District Court here alleging that the FBI
and the departments of Justice and Energy violated federal privacy statutes by
leaking personal and confidential information about them to the media, their
attorneys said yesterday.

Lee was fired from his sensitive job at Los Alamos in March and identified by
U.S. officials as the prime suspect in an investigation of Chinese espionage at
the lab. Those officials later acknowledged they lack evidence showing Lee spied
for China.

Lee was charged Dec. 12 with 59 felony counts for mishandling classified
information downloaded from the lab's classified computer system. Held in jail
without bail since his arrest, he is to appear today in U.S. District Court in
Albuquerque to appeal a magistrate's denial of bail.

Brian A. Sun, an attorney for Lee, said the nuclear physicist and his wife, who
worked at Los Alamos as a secretary, believe that government leaks beginning in
January were designed to set them up as scapegoats for failed security at the
Department of Energy's weapons lab and the FBI's botched espionage investigation
at Los Alamos. Sylvia Lee--who, like her husband, worked as an FBI informant and
gathered information about Chinese nuclear scientists--has not been charged with
a crime.

"The Lees feel that their reputations and good name have been destroyed as a
result of unlawful leaks by these agencies, and that the Washington culture of
arrogance has allowed these agencies and the individuals who made these unlawful
leaks to get away with it," Sun said.

The leaks and the resulting media coverage, Sun said, created so much political
pressure that government officials felt compelled to charge Lee with mishandling
classified information, even though they lack evidence of espionage.

Federal privacy statutes make it a misdemeanor for government officials to
unlawfully divulge certain personal and financial information. Each instance of
unlawful disclosure is punishable by a fine of at least $ 1,000.

Attorneys for the Lees say the complaint will allege that government officials
leaked information about Lee's employment history, personal expenditures during
a trip he made to Hong Kong and the results of a series of government polygraph
examinations he took at the FBI's request.

U.S. officials have denied leaking information about Lee, and officials at Los
Alamos have refrained since March from using his name in discussing the
espionage investigation.

John Kelly, the U.S. attorney in Albuquerque responsible for prosecuting Lee,
has acknowledged a lack of espionage evidence but said the criminal charges
filed against Lee are warranted by the extreme sensitivity of the nuclear
weapons data he blatantly mishandled.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 3, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

MAYOR REVERSES 1982 DEMOTION OF WELFARE AID

BYLINE: By JAMES LeMOYNE

SECTION: Section B; Page 28, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 487 words


Reversing an earlier decision, Mayor Koch announced yesterday that he would
reinstate a city social worker who was demoted after he publicized the
mishandling of abuse cases in which nine Brooklyn children died.

Mr. Koch also said he had asked the city's Department of Investigation to
explain why it had taken two years to investigate the social worker's
allegations of wrongdoing.

Mr. Koch had previously said that the social worker, Irwin Levin, had been
properly demoted because he had broken the law by giving the press confidential
documents regarding the abuse cases. But the Mayor had also recommended that,
because Mr. Levin had acted in good faith, he should be repaid for the loss he
suffered when he was fined 30 days' salary and suspended for four months.

The Mayor defended those decisions in a morning news conference yesterday. But a
few hours later, he announced that he felt ''very uncomfortable'' with the way
Mr. Levin had been treated and had decided that the social worker deserved full
reinstatement, even though he had broken the law.

'That Feels Marvelous'


''The underlying situation is you have someone who, whether he went through
channels or not, did try to assist nine children who died,'' Mr. Koch said.
''Whether he violated the law or not, privacy considerations are not the most
important, because children died.''

''That feels marvelous,'' Mr. Levin, who is 52 years old, said after being told
of the Mayor's action.

He said he would like to work on child-abuse cases again, though not in his
former position as a supervisor of child-abuse caseworkers in the Brooklyn
office of the Office of Special Services for Children. He said his demotion to a
lower supervisory position in Manhattan, as well as other penalties, had cost
him a total of $17,700.

Mr. Levin complained for almost a year to his supervisor of mishandling of abuse
cases. In frustration, he said, he went to reporters and City Council President
Carol Bellamy in 1980. Mr. Levin was demoted, suspended and fined in 1982 for
divulging confidential documents on the cases.

Last week, two years after Mr. Levin's demotion and four years after he first
complained to his superiors, the inspector general of the city's Human Resources
Administration, which runs the children's office, released the findings of an
investigation into his charges.

The report found serious negligence in the handling of 17 abuse cases in which 9
children died, and it criticized city welfare officials for failing to review
Mr. Levin's allegations earlier.

Because of Mr. Levin's difficulties, the Mayor said, he has sent every city
employee a notice explaining how to ''blow the whistle.'' The notice tells them
to report to the inspector general of their agency, the Department of
Investigation and if necessary to the Mayor's office. If all else fails, the
notice says, employees should go to the press.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             August 29, 2008 Friday

Beaver County borough officials charged with theft

BYLINE: Brad Bumsted and Brian C. Rittmeyer

LENGTH: 759 words


HARRISBURG -- The state Attorney General's office on Thursday charged the former
borough manager of Rochester and a current council member with theft and related
charges.

Former manager Edward Piroli, 57, of New Brighton is accused of mishandling
state grant money and failing to deposit state checks into the police pension
fund in the financially struggling Beaver County borough of about 4,000 people.

He is among four people charged based on a grand jury presentment, Attorney
General Tom Corbett announced. The other defendants, all Rochester residents,
include former borough secretary Lois Sutter, 54; councilman Joseph Glenn, 45;
and Jeffrey Simmons, 43, treasurer of the former Rochester Community Network
Authority.

Piroli adamantly denies wrongdoing, said his attorney Steven Townsend.

"He never mishandled any pension funds," Townsend said. "I think the allegations
are without any sort of corroboration." Attorneys for the other defendants could
not be reached for comment.

Some Rochester residents said they were withholding comment -- and judgment --
until they learned more. Others reacted with a mix of surprise and disgust.

"I'm upset about it because they keep raising our taxes for all the thievery
they've been doing," Ron Gailey said as he worked on his 1969 Corvette in his
garage. "Seems like all these guys want to get into the till, and the taxpayer
usually ends up having to pay."

The grand jury said Piroli withdrew $47,000 from the police pension fund in 2005
and deposited it into the borough's general fund. The money in part went for
longevity pay, unauthorized pay raises, vehicle stipends and fuel to both Piroli
and Sutter, prosecutors say.

As of January, Piroli was listed as a board member of the Beaver Initiative for
Growth, a nonprofit founded by former state House Democratic Whip Mike Veon and
Sen. Gerald LaValle, of Rochester, according to state Department of Community
and Economic Development documents. The charges announced yesterday are
unrelated to BIG, which remains under scrutiny of state investigators.

"I can't comment on that," said Corbett's spokesman Kevin Harley.

Veon, who was indicted in a corruption scandal, announced Piroli's appointment
to the BIG board in March 2006.

At Fritz's Hair Styling in Rochester, owner Alan Fritz said Piroli had worked to
make the town and its business district better.

"I can't imagine," Fritz said. "He seemed OK to me."

Glenn and Simmons are accused of having private contracts with the borough for
their own personal benefit and stealing computer equipment that the Rochester
Community Network Authority bought with federal tax dollars.

Glenn served as president of the authority, which had been created by the
borough in 2005 to oversee projects, and fire and police training. Simmons
served as treasurer and was Glenn's business partner in Khitomer Computer
Services. The authority bought most of its computer equipment from Khitomer. The
borough also hired Khitomer to provide Web site services, according to the grand
jury.

The grand jury said most borough council members weren't aware of Piroli's
alleged mishandling of a $50,000 community revitalization grant from the DCED.
Instead of spending the money on the police department as intended, Piroli
allegedly used it to pay the mortgage on the borough building.

The grand jury said the borough is unable to get additional grant money from
DCED and must repay the $50,000.

But Rochester received a $57,000 grant earlier this year from DCED through the
Early Intervention Program, intended to help municipalities with financial
problems from being subject to state financial oversight under Act 47, said
Kevin Ortiz, a spokesman for the agency.

"We thought this was an instance where we would waive a municipal flag" on
grants, Ortiz said.

DCED was in the process of closing out the $50,000 grant and recovering the
money but had not received the necessary documentation from the borough, Ortiz
said.

The grand jury said borough council did not authorize the withdrawal of money
from the pension fund and only learned of Piroli's alleged action when police
officers brought it to their attention. The investigation began at the request
of Beaver County District Attorney Anthony Berosh, Corbett said.

"Rochester is a good community," Fritz said. "There's a lot of good people here
just trying to survive. I hope the outcome is a lot better than it sounds."

Brad Bumsted can be reached at bbumsted@tribweb.com or 717-787-1405. Brian
Rittmeyer can be reached at brittmeyer@tribweb.com or 724-779-7108.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 17, 1986, Thursday, Final Edition

Washington Journal;
Making Hay of Subcommittee's Beef

BYLINE: By Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Write

SECTION: First Section; A23

LENGTH: 749 words


It fell something short of a star-chamber proceeding, but it was plain from the
beginning that news of a theatrical nature was about to be committed in Room
2247 of the Rayburn House Office Building.

Rep. Glenn English (D-Okla.), chairman of the House Government Operations
subcommittee and sole member present, sat patiently at the dais awaiting the
arrival of his main witness, Daniel G. Amstutz, the undersecretary of
agriculture for international affairs and commodity programs.

Reporters thumbed through advance copies of testimony. A television crew had
camera in place. Subcommittee staffers lolled about. A few curious citizens sat
in the straight-backed chairs, ready to soak up the drama.

All were lured, presumably, by English's billing of the event: "USDA's
Mishandling of Dairy Buy-Out Program." Mishandling. Scandal. Ineptitude. Grist
for the press, grist for English's subcommittee on government information,
justice and agriculture.

The issue was management of a program designed to reduce milk surpluses. Last
year's farm bill required the government to pay farmers an inducement to leave
the dairy business and send their cows to slaughter or into the export market.
The bill also stipulated that marketing be done "in an orderly way."

But the plan worried the National Cattlemen's Association (NCA), which feared
that a rush of cows to slaughter would depress beef prices. The fears were
justified. Prices tumbled when USDA sent the first dairy cows to market;
ranchers and feedlot operators claim they lost tens of millions of dollars.

The NCA sued the department and prevailed. USDA then agreed to a plan that would
space out the shipment of dairy animals to slaughterhouses and put less pressure
on prices. The cattlemen declared themselves satisfied. The fight seemed
academic at that point, but English is nothing if not persistent.

Some other background is useful.

English is a Democrat. The Agriculture Department is run by Republicans. The
English subcommittee has been on the GOP's case for four years. One
investigation after another has found fault with departmental management or
found willful neglect of congressional intent.

Republicans at USDA are less than awed by this. English probes and points out
the flaws. USDA continues about its business, in part because of a feeling that
hearings of the sort English conducted yesterday are an inevitable part of
Washington's political theater, but are not to be taken entirely seriously.

Even on Capitol Hill there is not total disagreement with this attitude. "Why
are we doing this?" a subcommittee assistant asked rhetorically. "I guess you
could call it politics. But the deleted lied to us and it's the job of this
subcommittee to ask why."

At a little past 10 o'clock, the avuncular Amstutz trundled into the room, sat
down at the witness table, fidgeted a tad and then lit a filter cigarette, like
a miscreant brought into the lineup room.

The hearing began with Amstutz under oath, because English has a bit of the
prosecutor in him. English briefly laid out the background and the issues. "And
this subcommittee still wants to know why USDA ignored the law," he concluded.

Amstutz read a lengthy statement defending the department's handling of the
dairy program. He did not concede that there had been problems. He acknowledged
that his department had lost in court, but said he thought the court was wrong.

It was something of a standoff. Reporters drifted away during the morning. Other
subcommittee members wandered in and out. Around lunch time -- faced with a
hearing that might drag through the afternoon -- the camera operators packed up
and left.

Rep. Tony Coelho (D-Calif.), although he doesn't belong to the subcommittee,
stopped in as a guest. Known for his acumen at plumbing political motivation, he
had a simple explanation for what had happened in the dairy program he helped
design.

The administration, Coelho said later, "decided the way to save money was to
dump all those dairy cows on the market early and get beef prices down. Then
when they had to go out and buy beef, as our farm bill required, they could get
it cheaper. They bankrupted a lot of people in the process. They hurt innocent
people. I'm very upset with the department."

By the way, Tony Coelho is the Democrats' chief fund-raiser in the House.
Although English is unopposed for reelection, farm-district Democrats with
opposition may find campaign fodder in the hearing record.

Curtain.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            July 24, 1999, Saturday

FOR MISHANDLING DWI CASE: Justices censure Tucker

BYLINE: CORY REISS, Staff Writer

SECTION: Front Page; Pg. 1A, 4A

LENGTH: 839 words


The N.C. Supreme Court reprimanded District Court Judge Elton Tucker on Friday
for mishandling a DWI case, a decision that shocked many observers who thought
the judge already had withstood worse misconduct allegations.

The reprimand, called censure, found Judge Tucker guilty of "conduct prejudicial
to the administration of justice that brings the judicial office into
disrepute."

In the judge's favor, the court's unanimous decision reversed one of the most
damaging conclusions by the Judicial Standards Commission - that Judge Tucker
engaged in willful misconduct.

"The Supreme Court has concluded that Judge Tucker acted honorably but
mistakenly," said Roger Smith, a lawyer for Judge Tucker. "That's the heart of
our relief."

"I wasn't too unhappy about it," said Judge Tucker, 54, who presides in New
Hanover and Pender counties. "They said there wasn't any willful conduct, and
that's what I had been accused of. I'm not tickled with it, but it doesn't cut
my paycheck or anything."

This week's decision doesn't affect Judge Tucker's job, except that it may be a
political blow. Judge Tucker was appointed to the bench in 1983 and has never
been opposed for re-election.

The high court could have removed Judge Tucker from the bench had it found
willful misconduct.

This is the third time Judge Tucker has been in trouble for his handling of DWI
cases. The first, in 1986, ended with the judge accepting a private reprimand
from the Judicial Standards Commission.

The second, in 1997, ended last July with the Supreme Court rejecting the
commission's recommendation to censure him.

Many lawyers and judges thought the last allegations against Judge Tucker, which
didn't result in censure, actually had more substance than the case that drew
this week's reprimand.

"I'm surprised. ... This had even less merit," said lawyer Brandon Tise.

"I could have seen it better on the other one than on this one," said lawyer
Steve Culbreth.

In this case, Judge Tucker was accused of finding a defendant not guilty in 1997
without evidence being heard and without giving Assistant District Attorney
Maria Warren a chance to participate in the decision. The defendant had asked to
plead guilty to driving a commercial vehicle while impaired.

As was the custom in District Court, Ms. Warren handed the file to the judge so
he could take the plea while she went about other business. Judge Tucker noticed
the defendant had registered a .07 percent alcohol level on a breath test, but a
person is usually considered impaired if he blows a .08.

The officer explained the standard was lower in a commercial vehicle, .04, and
Judge Tucker asked Ms. Warren for her law book to check.

Ms. Warren said in a trial before the commission in December that she handed him
the book and went back to her desk. But Judge Tucker said she stood there and
discussed his concerns that the state couldn't prove the defendant was driving a
commercial vehicle.

Either way, Judge Tucker found the defendant not guilty without an actual trial
being conducted.

Whether Ms. Warren was involved in that discussion was crucial to the case
against Judge Tucker, and the commission believed Ms. Warren at a trial in
December.

The high court is not typically able to second-guess the factual findings of a
lower court or quasi-judicial commission, lawyers said, and was stuck with that
view of the situation.

"I'm surprised. I accepted the version of the facts that was offered by Judge
Tucker," said Superior Court Judge Gary Trawick, a special roving judge who has
been a supporter of Judge Tucker's.

"Based on that, I felt the state had the opportunity for their input, and it
didn't merit censure. If you accept her version, it certainly makes for a much
stronger case for discipline."

In the last complaint against Judge Tucker, which the commission heard in
November 1997 with a Supreme Court decision in July 1998, Judge Tucker seemingly
was accused of worse: Entering not-guilty pleas and verdicts on DWI cases behind
the backs of prosecutors and illegally postponing judgment on DWI cases, then
dismissing them.

Despite a censure recommendation from the Judicial Standards Commission, the
Supreme Court found Judge Tucker had made honest mistakes of law and procedure
and refused to fault him.

For Judge Tucker, that the commission believed Ms. Warren over him stung worst
in the latest case.

"My credibility has been called into question," he said. "That's what I didn't
like from the beginning."


Judge Elton Tucker's conduct questioned:

*1986: Given secret reprimand for dropping a drunk-driving charge he said was
part of a plea-bargain with prosecutors.

* 1997: Judicial Standards Commission recommended censuring him for entering
pleas in two DWI cases without prosecutors' knowledge. N.C. Supreme Court
declined, saying the conduct was unintentional.

* 1999: Supreme Court cesnured him for finding a DWI defendant not guilty
without holding a trial.


Staff art / JOHN C. MURPHY



LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tucker (mug shot)

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            July 24, 1999, Saturday

FOR MISHANDLING DWI CASE: Justices censure Tucker

BYLINE: CORY REISS, Staff Writer

SECTION: Front Page; Pg. 1A, 4A

LENGTH: 839 words


The N.C. Supreme Court reprimanded District Court Judge Elton Tucker on Friday
for mishandling a DWI case, a decision that shocked many observers who thought
the judge already had withstood worse misconduct allegations.

The reprimand, called censure, found Judge Tucker guilty of "conduct prejudicial
to the administration of justice that brings the judicial office into
disrepute."

In the judge's favor, the court's unanimous decision reversed one of the most
damaging conclusions by the Judicial Standards Commission - that Judge Tucker
engaged in willful misconduct.

"The Supreme Court has concluded that Judge Tucker acted honorably but
mistakenly," said Roger Smith, a lawyer for Judge Tucker. "That's the heart of
our relief."

"I wasn't too unhappy about it," said Judge Tucker, 54, who presides in New
Hanover and Pender counties. "They said there wasn't any willful conduct, and
that's what I had been accused of. I'm not tickled with it, but it doesn't cut
my paycheck or anything."

This week's decision doesn't affect Judge Tucker's job, except that it may be a
political blow. Judge Tucker was appointed to the bench in 1983 and has never
been opposed for re-election.

The high court could have removed Judge Tucker from the bench had it found
willful misconduct.

This is the third time Judge Tucker has been in trouble for his handling of DWI
cases. The first, in 1986, ended with the judge accepting a private reprimand
from the Judicial Standards Commission.

The second, in 1997, ended last July with the Supreme Court rejecting the
commission's recommendation to censure him.

Many lawyers and judges thought the last allegations against Judge Tucker, which
didn't result in censure, actually had more substance than the case that drew
this week's reprimand.

"I'm surprised. ... This had even less merit," said lawyer Brandon Tise.

"I could have seen it better on the other one than on this one," said lawyer
Steve Culbreth.

In this case, Judge Tucker was accused of finding a defendant not guilty in 1997
without evidence being heard and without giving Assistant District Attorney
Maria Warren a chance to participate in the decision. The defendant had asked to
plead guilty to driving a commercial vehicle while impaired.

As was the custom in District Court, Ms. Warren handed the file to the judge so
he could take the plea while she went about other business. Judge Tucker noticed
the defendant had registered a .07 percent alcohol level on a breath test, but a
person is usually considered impaired if he blows a .08.

The officer explained the standard was lower in a commercial vehicle, .04, and
Judge Tucker asked Ms. Warren for her law book to check.

Ms. Warren said in a trial before the commission in December that she handed him
the book and went back to her desk. But Judge Tucker said she stood there and
discussed his concerns that the state couldn't prove the defendant was driving a
commercial vehicle.

Either way, Judge Tucker found the defendant not guilty without an actual trial
being conducted.

Whether Ms. Warren was involved in that discussion was crucial to the case
against Judge Tucker, and the commission believed Ms. Warren at a trial in
December.

The high court is not typically able to second-guess the factual findings of a
lower court or quasi-judicial commission, lawyers said, and was stuck with that
view of the situation.

"I'm surprised. I accepted the version of the facts that was offered by Judge
Tucker," said Superior Court Judge Gary Trawick, a special roving judge who has
been a supporter of Judge Tucker's.

"Based on that, I felt the state had the opportunity for their input, and it
didn't merit censure. If you accept her version, it certainly makes for a much
stronger case for discipline."

In the last complaint against Judge Tucker, which the commission heard in
November 1997 with a Supreme Court decision in July 1998, Judge Tucker seemingly
was accused of worse: Entering not-guilty pleas and verdicts on DWI cases behind
the backs of prosecutors and illegally postponing judgment on DWI cases, then
dismissing them.

Despite a censure recommendation from the Judicial Standards Commission, the
Supreme Court found Judge Tucker had made honest mistakes of law and procedure
and refused to fault him.

For Judge Tucker, that the commission believed Ms. Warren over him stung worst
in the latest case.

"My credibility has been called into question," he said. "That's what I didn't
like from the beginning."


Judge Elton Tucker's conduct questioned:

*1986: Given secret reprimand for dropping a drunk-driving charge he said was
part of a plea-bargain with prosecutors.

* 1997: Judicial Standards Commission recommended censuring him for entering
pleas in two DWI cases without prosecutors' knowledge. N.C. Supreme Court
declined, saying the conduct was unintentional.

* 1999: Supreme Court cesnured him for finding a DWI defendant not guilty
without holding a trial.


Staff art / JOHN C. MURPHY



LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tucker (mug shot)

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           January 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Bank pays record fine for mishandling complaints

BYLINE: Katherine Griffiths

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 491 words


Royal Bank of Scotland has been fined £2.8 million for mishandling customer
complaints as the bank reeled during the financial crisis.

RBS, which is 83 per cent-owned by the taxpayer after receiving a £45.5 billion
government bailout, was found by the Financial Services Authority to have had
"multiple failings" when responding to thousands of unhappy customers between
September and December 2009 . The fine is the FSA's largest against a bank over
the handling of customer complaints.

The FSA found that the bank and NatWest, the high street bank that has been
owned by RBS since 2000, had responded inadequately to 53 per cent of the
complaints the regulator reviewed. Delays and incomplete responses were common
and FSA found that RBS had failed to provide adequate training to its
complaint-handling staff.

The case is the first to arise from an industry-wide inquiry by the FSA that
concluded last year.

Margaret Cole, the FSA's enforcement director, said: "We expect firms to treat
customers fairly and that consumers can be confident that their complaints will
be dealt with properly." The problems at RBS were in evidence elsewhere in the
industry, Ms Cole warned: "The poor complaints procedure of RBS and NatWest came
to light during our review of complaint handling in major banks. The review
showed that banks need to make major changes to handle consumer complaints
fairly."

Brian Hartzer, head of RBS's retail bank, said the investigation "confirmed
shortcomings in our routine complaint-handling that we assessed in our own
internal review and which we are committed to putting right."

RBS would have been fined £4 million, but it received a 30 per cent discount for
its early co-operation with the regulator. As part of the settlement, it was
also required to hire an outside expert to review all its complainthandling
procedures.

RBS and NatWest showed co-operation with the investigation, accepted the
findings at an early stage and agreed to make significant changes to their
complaints handling arrangements, the FSA said.

The FSA has emphasised that customer issues will be taken seriously by the new
Consumer Protection and Markets Authority, which is being set up as a part of a
wider shake-up of financial regulation. Ms Cole is considered to be the leading
internal candidate on the shortlist to take up the helm of the CPMA.

FSA insiders hope that the CPMA will build on the strong record of the regulator
over the past year or so, in which it has made strenuous efforts to shake off
its reputation for imposing small or no fines by pursuing several companies and
individuals.

A judge in New York has dismissed a lawsuit brought against RBS by investors who
suffered losses because of the bank's writedown of sub-prime mortgage debt after
the financial crisis. The investors claimed to have lost billions of dollars on
securities bought between March 2007 and January 2009, a period in which the
bank's shares tumbled 98 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Customers complained of delays and inadequate responses offered by the
bank
CARL DE SOUZA / AFP / GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            February 14, 2003 Friday

Firing reflects poorly on city government

SECTION: THE MAIL

LENGTH: 773 words


Well, folks, the Upland City Council has already shown it cannot keep the city
afloat with its budget mishandling and is now mishandling their employees.

Reading the Jan. 30 edition of the Daily Bulletin, I was shocked to read that
Fire Capt. Phil Watkins was dismissed for a missed meeting after 28 years of
service to Upland.

Are there any of us in the business community who haven't missed a last-minute
meeting?

It appears probationary Division Chief Suzanne Kimball herself forgot about the
event, a non-emergency appearance, until the last minute.

I would think that the Fire Department's first priority would be an emergency
response as opposed to a Valentine's Day party.

The council blatantly disregarded its own review board's recommendation and
found Watkins insubordinate for responding to an emergency call instead of a
social event.

Councilman Musser I commend for standing alone as the only dissenting vote on
the matter. Perhaps he alone has a strong backbone.

It is time the truth be known about Upland and its unfair disciplinary actions.
Ask your council how many wrongful termination suits have been brought against
the city in recent years, and how many tax dollars have been spent. Ask them who
is responsible for these terminations and lost revenue.

City Manager G. Michael Milhiser declined comment about his disciplinary style.
Hmmm. Who is being subordinate to the citizens they work for?

Who is manipulating these harsh actions? Maybe Watkins could find a new career
with the railroad, since he has spent the last few years being railroaded
himself.

KAREN JONESRancho Cucamonga Put citizens' rights first, not the U.N.

I would like more information on the Patriot Act.

There are many out in society that would gladly destroy our Constitution and
Bill of Rights. The main aim would be to disarm the American citizenry by
eliminating the one right that protects all the others, the Second Amendment.

The United Nations is a failed business and should be relocated to some other
continent as a world forum only. All should pay the same dues.

This nation has and always will be defended by its citizenry.

I wrote earlier in regard to a means to get the Inland Empire's citizenry to
clean up the area. I do not see that much has been done in this area. Trash,
potholes and defacing are rampant, plus our youth seem to be without parental
guidance.

We should be turning out good, responsible American citizens instead of
uneducated politically correct misfits.

BILL LINDLEY JR.Pomona What about the rest of Ontario council?

I am really tired of reading about poor Debbie Acker and the way she is being
treated by the good old boys.

This is very offensive to me, as one of these city councilmen [which we like to
call by name, Paul Leon] is a longtime friend. He is very kind, personable,
honest and respectful [even to women].

I have met the mayor and city manager, also very nice men who have done the city
of Ontario a great service. Why aren't we reading anything positive about these
men? Don't they have any friends at the Daily Bulletin?

Now Acker has lowered herself to the lowest level. She claims the city is biased
due to another person's lenient punishment over a year ago. Which, of course,
has nothing to do with her - just passing the blame again. Well, at least she
realizes now she must pay her employees. Whose fault was that?

KIM WILEYRancho Cucamonga Measure I good deal for Central district

I am writing this letter in support of the local Bond Measure I for Central
School District.

I have reviewed the bond's contents and found it to be well written. Much
thought was given to local homeowners, who will not experience an increase in
their taxes as a result of its passage.

It will simply extend the authority to continue funding at the same tax rate
that they are experiencing as a result of the previous bond measure.

It will provide much-needed funds for our schools that will also qualify Central
School District for significant matching funds from the state.

This enables Central School District to continue to provide its children with a
safe environment that is conducive to learning. Our facilities complement the
surrounding community, while at the same time provide recreation and meeting
spaces for children and parents.

If you are voting yes on Measure I on March 4, thank you.

If you are unsure how to vote, please take a minute to research this measure.
The district has set up many informational meetings. Call your neighborhood
school to see what you can do to support this important issue.

JEFF CHRISTENSENRancho Cucamonga

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin
