
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    October 17, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Waco: Death, Lies and Videotape

BYLINE: JOHN GRIFFIN; THE GAZETTE

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT: PREVIEW; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 491 words


As scary as the States seemed before now, Waco: the Rules of Engagement makes
them scarier still.

The specific state is Texas, the particular district is Washington, D.C., and
the time line begins with an American-government attack on the Branch Davidian
religious stronghold outside Waco (long "a"), Tex., beginning Feb. 28, 1993.

William Gazecki's exhaustive, damning, dread-filled documentary is about the
murderous federal mishandling of an affair that began with deliberate
misinformation and ended in the death of 78 men, women and children in a
conflagration seen on television around the world.

The official spin on the Branch Davidian Christian fundamentalist cult was that
they were doomsday wackos (short "a") led by a sex-crazed, gun-toting,
child-abusing zealot named David Koresh who was committed to apocalyptic mayhem
and ultimately mass suicide a la Jim Jones.

Gazecki's resolutely fastidious 165-minute film posits an entirely different
story from that fed to the media, and us.

A wide range of taped interviews with experts, survivors and neighbours, and the
nose-on-your-face evidence of the government's own tapes of negotiations between
the federal agents and Koresh, indicate a policy of self-serving government
aggression from moment one of the 51-day siege.

It is clear the initial force of Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms
officers was bent on a positive publicity splash to recalibrate after the spate
of bad reviews that followed its mishandling of incidents like Ruby Ridge.

It is clear the Branch Davidians were warned of an ATF assault, not by
negotiators, who swore "it's 1,000-per-cent solid we're not coming in today,"
but by the presence of reporters tipped off by ATF publicists. The resulting
skirmish that left people dead on both sides sure seems like self-defence, with
the results that tragically occur all too often in a country bristling with too
many guns and too little sense.

Subsequent footage of Rambo-esque FBI soldiers posed beside tanks and automatic
weapons, footage from later congressional hearings into the fiasco, and the
final coffin-nailing evidence of the FBI's own aerial heat-sensitive
reconnaissance tape, argue that the on-site government motivation was simple
revenge.

Waco: the Rules of Engagement is not an easy film to endure. Its shocking photos
of burn victims, its exposure of bold-faced lies, willed failure to communicate
and obscene disregard for the welfare of innocent women and children is a stain
on the American psyche that will not easily go away.

More frightening yet, it makes the motivation for Timothy McVeigh's hideous
revenge bombing of the government building in Oklahoma easier to understand -
and, in an appropriately Jihad mind-set, almost remotely possible to support.

- Waco: the Rules of Engagement is playing at the Cinema du Parc. Parents'
guide: language, violence, extremely unsettling imagery. Rating 4


LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Fatal conflagration was seen around the world.

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday

Witness: Remains may be buried at museum

BYLINE: Aaron Bailey, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


Jan. 23--The first shot across the bow in the lawsuit against St. Joseph Museums
Inc. came from testimony that implied mishandling of taxpayer money and the
possibility that American Indian remains were reburied on museum property.

The first day of the bench trial against Museums Inc. was one-sided, since the
attorneys for the 46 suing museum members had the first opportunity to call
witnesses. Attorneys for Museums Inc. and the city of St. Joseph spent most of
their time leveling objections at the testimony of four witnesses for the
plaintiff.

The lawsuit alleges Sunshine Law violations, misuse of tax money and other
actions by the Museums Inc. board that hadn't been in the best interest of the
museum and its membership. The 46 museum members who are suing the board are
asking for an audit of museum artifacts and finances, the removal of a majority
of board members and attorney fees.

The lawsuit also alleges the city failed to maintain oversight of the
Wyeth-Tootle Mansion.

During the testimony of Patt Murphy, who works for the Iowa Tribe of Kansas and
Nebraska and is a consultant for museums in dealing with American Indian
artifacts, he said he was told by museum staff that some American Indian remains
were buried in a "secret" location. Dan Radke, who represents the suing museum
members, asked if there was any reference to remains being buried on museum
grounds.

After a flurry of objections from Dennis Wright, the attorney for Museums Inc.,
Mr. Murphy qualified his statement by saying "certainly there was a hunch of
Indian bones" in the museum grounds.

Circuit Court Judge Randall Jackson allowed the testimony after warning Mr.
Radke that the testimony was close to being outside the purposes of the lawsuit.

Jennifer Higgs testified about her short span as a city-appointed Museums Inc.
board member and her perceptions of the mishandling of tax money. When Mr. Radke
began asking her about a budget meeting between board members, Mr. Wright
objected. Mr. Jackson asked how the line of questioning was relevant.

"(The purpose of the testimony is) to show how this young woman was snookered by
this old board...," Mr. Radke said in a loud voice and pointing at board members
in attendance. "And how they wanted to bring her into the group and not spill
the beans about their wrongdoing."

During cross-examination, Mr. Wright questioned Ms. Higgs' knowledge of museum
finances since she was only on the board for less than a year before she failed
to be re-elected by museum members.

The five-day trial is expected to provide about two and a half days for each
side to present evidence and witnesses. The defendants should begin presenting
evidence Wednesday.

The civil trial resumes at 9 a.m. today in Division 1 at the Buchanan County
Courthouse.

Copyright (c) 2007, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070123-JM-0123-Witness-Remains-may-be-buried-at-museum

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2007 St. Joseph News-Press


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             July 24, 2010 Saturday

A black president's delicate dance on race issues;
Liberals criticize Obama as too cautious in his approach to the matter

BYLINE: BY SHERYL GAY STOLBERG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1053 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Obama's mishandling of the case of a black Agriculture Department official
highlights how he has struggled since the beginning of his presidency with
volatile matters of race.

FULL TEXT

One year ago this week, President Barack Obama plunged into a thicket of racial
politics by declaring that a white police officer in Cambridge, Massachusetts,
had ''acted stupidly'' in arresting a black Harvard University professor in his
own home. Suddenly, the president whose election suggested the promise of a
postracial future was thrust into the wounds of the past.

Not much has changed.

Mr. Obama sought Thursday to tamp down yet another racial uproar, this one over
his administration's mishandling of the case of Shirley Sherrod, a black
Agriculture Department official who was dismissed based on a video clip of
remarks - taken out of context - that appeared to suggest she had discriminated
against white farmers. One day after Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
apologized profusely to Ms. Sherrod and offered her a new job working on race
relations for the agency, Mr. Obama offered his own apology.

During a seven-minute telephone call, White House officials said, the president
shared some of his own personal experiences and urged Ms. Sherrod to ''continue
her hard work on behalf of those in need.''

Later, in an interview with ABC's ''Good Morning America,'' Mr. Obama weighed in
publicly for the first time. ''He jumped the gun,'' the president said,
referring to Mr. Vilsack, ''partly because we now live in this media culture
where something goes up on YouTube or a blog and everybody scrambles.''

That, however, is unlikely to be the end of it for Mr. Obama, who has struggled
since the beginning of his presidency with whether, when and how to deal with
volatile matters of race. No matter how hard his White House tries to keep the
issue from defining his presidency, it keeps popping back up, fueled in part by
high expectations from the left for the first black president, and in part by
tactical opposition politics on the right.

The Sherrod flap spotlighted how Mr. Obama is caught between these competing
political forces, and it renewed criticism from some of his supporters,
especially prominent African-Americans, that he has been too defensive in
dealing with matters of race - and too quick to react to criticism from the
right.

For many liberals, Ms. Sherrod's hasty dismissal carried strong echoes of the
ouster of Van Jones, an environmental adviser to the president who was forced to
resign after Fox News focused attention on some of his past work and statements,
and his decision to sign a petition in 2004 questioning whether the
administration of President George W. Bush had allowed the terrorist attacks of
Sept. 11, 2001, to provide a pretext for war in the Middle East.

''I think what you see in this White House is a hypersensitivity about issues of
race, that has them often leaning too far to avoid confronting these issues, and
in so doing lays the foundation for the very problem they would like to avoid,''
said Wade Henderson, president and chief executive of the Leadership Conference
on Civil and Human Rights, an advocacy group in Washington.

It is not as if Mr. Obama does not have expertise in the matter. While he was
running for president he made what even his critics acknowledged was a serious
and thoughtful effort to address race relations, during a speech in Philadelphia
in March 2008. It followed a storm of controversy about racially inflammatory
statements made by his pastor.

And as Michael Eric Dyson, a sociology professor at Georgetown University in
Washington, notes, Mr. Obama wrote an entire book on race: ''Dreams From My
Father,'' in which he dealt with his own complicated biracial history and
struggle to fit into a country that sees things in black and white.

Mr. Dyson, who is working on a book about Mr. Obama and race called
''Presidential Race,'' says the president at times seems either unable or
unwilling to talk about it.

''You've got one of the great intellects on race in the presidency, and yet he
is hamstrung, there's a gag order,'' he said. ''Now some of that gag order is
self-imposed, and some of it is at the behest of nervous white Americans who are
fearful that Mr. Obama may racialize the presidency, so he's got a legitimate
concern that he doesn't get pigeonholed. But the tragedy is that we need his
leadership.''

The White House rejected the notion that he had not provided leadership, or was
avoiding a conversation on race. ''I don't think anyone has confronted this
issue more directly than the president,'' said David Axelrod, Mr. Obama's senior
adviser. Still, the Sherrod controversy has renewed calls for Mr. Obama to
tackle race head-on.

After the Harvard professor, Henry Louis Gates Jr., was arrested last summer,
Mr. Obama convened a much-publicized ''beer summit'' at the White House - a
moment of reconciliation for Mr. Gates and the arresting officer.

In interviews, both Mr. Henderson and Charles J. Ogletree Jr., a Harvard law
professor who represented Mr. Gates, suggested that the president should now
convene a national conference on race relations.

Ward Connerly, a black conservative who leads an institute devoted to fighting
racial preferences, endorsed the idea.

''This president has never wanted to have his fingerprints on the issue of race,
and I can understand why - if you're a self-identified black man and you're
running for president, you know how treacherous the waters can be,'' Mr.
Connerly said. ''But I think the president can, if he's masterful - and he
certainly is - introduce this subject in a way that he's doing it as our leader,
not as our black leader.''

Mr. Axelrod, though, threw cold water on the notion, saying Mr. Obama has
''pressing matters that are significant to all Americans,'' like the economy.

On Thursday, Ms. Sherrod stuck to her assertion that the White House had played
a role in her ouster, even as Mr. Obama's advisers said that was not the case.

The White House press secretary, Robert Gibbs, was once again peppered with
questions about whether the Sherrod controversy was ''a teachable moment,'' and
if so, what the lesson was and whether Mr. Obama should be the teacher.

''I don't think you have to have a teacher,'' Mr. Gibbs replied, ''for this to
be a teachable moment.''

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 4, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

Social Security Data Contract Blasted

BYLINE: By Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; E1

LENGTH: 655 words


The Social Security Administration's mishandling of a contract award of $115
million for modernizing its data processing was "one of the worst cases of
contract award and administration" ever examined by the House Government
Operations Committee, a committee report charges.

The contract award was so botched it actually set back by three or four years
the federal agency's attempts to achieve a critically needed modernization,
according to the study.

The report, which is expected to be made public today, recommends that the
Social Security Administration move immediately to suspend its contract with the
Paradyne Corp. of Largo, Fla., and begin proceedings to bar the company from
receiving further government contracts.

Paradyne has been accused by the Securities and Exchange Commission of using
fraud and deceit -- including passing off another firm's equipment as its own in
a demonstration -- to obtain the SSA contract.

The report on the results of a committee investigation focuses principally on
what it characterizes as SSA's mishandling of the attempt to get the data
processing equipment it badly needed. Later, the SSA reacted with puzzling
indifference to the SEC's charges of fraud and subsequent troubles surrounding
the contract, according to the report.

"Even when confronted with major performance problems for at least
two-and-a-half years after the contract was awarded, SSA management failed to
take the necessary steps to protect the government's interest," according to the
report. "To the detriment of the public, SSA management ignored cries from its
local field offices that the Paradyne equipment was seriously disrupting
essential services.

"Finally, SSA virtually abandoned its management responsibilities by leaving it
up to the contractor to record and report how well its own equipment was
operating," the report asserts. "In effect, SSA effectively relinquished control
of the critical computer project to the contractor."

Paradyne Senior Vice President George Pressly disagreed with the report's
assertions. He said the company will contest "very strongly" any attempt to
suspend its contract with the SSA or to bar it from government contracting.

Pressly said the SSA had set high standards for the data processing equipment
that Paradyne supplied, requiring it to be operational 98 percent of the time.
"We have consistently been available over 98 percent of the time, so we're
performing," he said. He also denied that Paradyne had set back the
modernization effort.

Social Security spokesman Jim Brown said he could not comment on the report,
which agency officials had not seen, or on aspects of the continuing
investigations by the SEC and the Inspector General. "If you want to talk about
the SSA system modernization plan, which has begun its third year, there has
been a tremendous improvement in the way we deal with the public," he said.

Brown said the agency now issues Social Security cards more rapidly and has
begun catching up on posting earnings that are used to compute benefits.
"There's been a lot of improvement," he said. As to the Paradyne contract,
"because of the investigations going on, the most I can say is that the Paradyne
equipment has lived up to the contractual requirement."

Among the report's findings were that the system proposed by Paradyne was not in
existence at the time the company bid for the contract, although the request was
for already-operating, "off-the-shelf" systems rather than developmental
projects.

The report also found that "although Paradyne has installed at least 25 versions
of its system in SSA offices, the terminals have been plagued with serious
operating difficulties." It also faulted the SSA for failing to "safeguard
sensitive data vital to ongoing investigations regarding the Paradyne contract,"
including four instances in which essential documentation and files are missing
or have been destroyed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 12, 2006 Thursday

Executives quit over questions on options;
McAfee and Cnet terminate officers in a nationwide backdating scandal.

BYLINE: From Inquirer Wire Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 688 words


The chief executive officers of two technology companies, McAfee Inc. and Cnet
Networks Inc., resigned yesterday to atone for stock option chicanery that
occurred on their watch.

Their departures expanded the list of business leaders nationwide swept up in a
scandal that has erased more than $2.5 billion in corporate profits and spurred
government investigations. The stock option practices at about 140 companies
nationwide are under government investigation or internal review, according to
company disclosures.

McAfee, the second-largest maker of antivirus software, said chairman and chief
executive George Samenuk resigned. Also, the Santa Clara, Calif., company fired
its president, Kevin Weiss, and announced plans to slash 10 years of previously
reported profits by as much as $150 million.

Yesterday's purge was not the first at McAfee, which fired its general counsel
in May after determining he had been involved in stock option improprieties.

Cnet, a San Francisco online publisher of technology news and reviews, said
chief executive Shelby Bonnie and two other executives stepped down after an
internal probe found the company backdated some stock option grants.

More than 30 corporate managers, including eight chief executives, have left
companies under scrutiny for manipulating stock options to reward employees.
Executives at two, Brocade Communications Systems Inc. and Comverse Technology
Inc., face criminal charges.

More than 60 companies, including Apple Computer Inc. and Cablevision Systems
Corp., already have restated or said they plan to revise their previously
reported earnings.

"It's getting worse before it gets better," said Howard Silverblatt, an analyst
at Standard & Poor's Corp. in New York. "The issue will become more widespread
as more companies are coming forward voluntarily instead of waiting for official
inquiries."

McAfee named board member Dale Fuller as its interim chief executive and
president, and tapped Charles Robel as its nonexecutive chairman.

Cnet promoted Neil Ashe, a company executive since 2002, as its new chief
executive and appointed Jarl Mohn as nonexecutive chairman.

McAfee shares rose 85 cents, or 3.3 percent, to $26.64 on the New York Stock
Exchange, while Cnet shares fell 76 cents, or 7.7 percent, to $9.14 on the
Nasdaq Stock Market.

The mishandling of the past stock options awarded to employees will force both
McAfee and Cnet to wipe out some of their previously reported profits and may
result in fines or other penalties if regulators and prosecutors determine that
the misleading practices broke laws.

Stock options give an employee the right to buy the company's shares at a
specific price - usually the price on the day the option is granted - within a
set time frame.

The purchase price is called the exercise price. If the share prices rise in the
market, the executive reaps the difference as a profit. But if the shares in the
market fall below the exercise price, the options are worthless.

Most of the inquiries are focused on a technique known as backdating, which
occurs when insiders look back in time for a low point in their company's stock
price so the exercise price of the options could be set at that ebb.

If not disclosed to shareholders, backdating can be considered fraudulent. The
practice hides compensation costs, reduces corporate income-tax payments, and
overstates earnings.

As more companies have owned up to their backdating problems, they also have
been cleaning out their executive suites and boardrooms. Most of the fallout has
been centered in Silicon Valley, where stock options first became a staple of
compensation packages during the 1990s.

Perhaps the most well-known executive caught up in the options scandal is Jacob
"Kobi" Alexander, the fugitive former chief executive of software company
Comverse Technology. He is in the southern African nation of Namibia, awaiting
extradition to the United States to face charges of manipulating options.

Another former Silicon Valley chief executive, Gregory Reyes of Brocade
Communications, is fighting criminal charges tied to his alleged mishandling of
stock options at the company.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 12, 2009 Saturday

Man convicted of rape accuses DA of mishandling case

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


Sep. 12--A man convicted nearly 10 years ago of having sex with a 13-year-old
girl is now accusing Reno County District Attorney Keith Schroeder of misconduct
and is requesting a new trial.

Anthony Bruce Martinez, 32, of Greeley, Colo., was convicted by Reno County
jurors in 2000 for twice raping the teenage girl he brought to Hutchinson in
September 1998 to baby-sit his children during a softball tournament.

His first trial, in November 1999, ended when the jury deadlocked at 11 to 1 for
acquittal.

Since 2002, Martinez has been contesting his convictions on two counts of rape.

In a hearing Thursday afternoon before Reno County Judge Richard Rome,
Martinez's appointed attorney, Alice Osburn, requested travel funds so the
victim in the case -- now in her 20s -- and her mother could come to Hutchinson
and testify.

The victim has agreed to testify Schroeder told her to lie in Martinez's second
trial that the pair had sex in a Limon, Colo., hotel room on their way to Kansas
for the softball tournament, Osburn said. The woman has also agreed to testify
that there were no sexual encounters between the two, Osburn indicated.

On Thursday, Osburn's private investigator, Matthew Blank, testified he spoke
with the victim over the phone in August 2008, and she confirmed Schroeder told
her to lie but she did not recant having sex with Martinez in Reno County.

"She said she was told it would be better for her to say Mr. Martinez forced her
or pushed her to sleep with him," Blank said. "She was to say she did sleep with
him but didn't know what she was doing even though she did."

Schroeder called the victim's claims "ludicrous" and acknowledged he went over
questions with the girl before the trial but never told her to lie. He argued
that even if the girl lied about having sex with Martinez in Colorado, it would
not affect Martinez's Reno County rape convictions.

Schroeder also objected to Blank's testimony in court Thursday, noting it was
hearsay and he was not able to question the victim. Osburn agreed it was hearsay
-- and also argued "that's why it's so important" to get the victim to Reno
County to testify as to what happened.

Osburn acknowledged the victim had changed her story several times. In a sworn
affidavit, the victim claimed that before the second trial, Schroeder said her
credibility was going to be a "big issue," since she had changed her story
before.

"Mr. Schroeder told me the only way he could do this is I would have to say that
Anthony and I had sexual intercourse in Limon, Colo., and that Anthony told me
not to tell anyone that we had stayed there," the victim stated.

The victim also stated neither she nor her mother agreed with Martinez's 32-year
prison sentence. Following the first trial's hung jury, Schroeder offered to
allow Martinez to plead guilty to one count of aggravated indecent liberties
with a child, which would have carried three years in prison, but Martinez
turned it down.

"Her credibility (as a witness) was bolstered if she was told to lie about
something," Osburn told Rome. "We should have the opportunity to put the victim
on the stand, who's now an adult and can tell us what happened to her."

Rome decided he would take the issues under advisement and would look over the
transcripts from Martinez's previous trials and hearings before making a ruling.

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090912-VZ-Man-convicted-of-rape-accuses-DA-of-mishandling-case-0912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

6,000 child abuse reports not investigated

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 727 words


PHOENIX (AP)   About 6,000 cases of suspected child abuse or neglect that were
reported to a statewide Arizona hotline over the past four years were never
investigated, officials disclosed Thursday, calling it reason for "grave alarm."

A team at Arizona's Child Protective Services agency improperly designated the
cases "N.I."   meaning "Not Investigated"   to help manage the heavy workload
and focus on the most severe cases, said Clarence Carter, chief of the state's
child welfare system.

Under state law, all reports generated via the hotline must be investigated,
Carter said.

All the cases will be reviewed, officials said. At least 125 cases already have
been identified in which children were later alleged to have been abused, they
said.

"I don't know of any fatalities," Gregory McKay, the agency's chief of child
welfare investigations, said of the botched cases.

No one has been disciplined, but Arizona's Department of Public Safety will
investigate.

"There must be accountability in this matter, and I will insist on further
reforms to make sure that it cannot happen again," Gov. Jan Brewer said.

The practice of misclassifying the cases and essentially closing them started in
2009, Carter said. The number rapidly escalated in the past 20 months as
caseloads increased and other changes were made, and 5,000 of the 6,000 cases
happened in that time, he said.

"The idea that there are 6,000 cases where we don't know whether or not children
are safe, that's cause for grave alarm," said Carter, who as director of
Arizona's Department of Economic Security oversees CPS and other social welfare
agencies.

CPS has been one of the governor's major priorities and has suffered from
understaffing and major increases in abuse reports and workloads in recent
years. Brewer got approval from the Legislature in January for emergency funding
for 50 new caseworkers and regular funding for 150 more in the budget year that
began July 1.

In a statement, the governor called the mishandling of the cases "absolutely
unacceptable."

"The most urgent priority is to ensure that each one of the children involved in
these cases is safe," Brewer said. "Every case must be investigated   no
exceptions, no excuses. It is not only the right thing, but it is the law."

The head of an Arizona child advocacy organization said the mishandling of the
reports was just part of a whole list of problems at the agency.

"This reconfirms what we've already known about the system, which is that it is
overwhelmed and can't function appropriately," said Dana Naimark, who leads the
Children's Action Alliance. "It needs revamping and needs more resources."

Naimark said that among other things, 10,000 current cases haven't been
addressed within the 60-day time limit.

Arizona has struggled in recent years with an increase in child abuse reports, a
growing number of children in foster care, and turnover of child welfare
workers. It also has been criticized by families who lost children, including
relatives of a 5-year-old girl who police in a Phoenix suburb said was killed by
her mother despite previous abuse reports.

In another case, a woman charged along with her husband with child abuse in the
July death of their severely malnourished 15-month-old daughter was originally
investigated by CPS in 2012 at the time of the child's birth.

The practice of routinely closing cases as N.I. was exposed after two police
agencies inquired about the status of two abuse cases. Both cases, it turned
out, had been marked N.I., McKay said. Further investigation found that the
practice was widespread.

The problems were blamed on a special unit that reviewed incoming hotline
reports and decided, like a triage team, which ones were most serious.

Normally, incoming reports from police, family, doctors or neighbors would be
sent to field offices for investigation, McKay said. But the specialized unit
was instead pre-reviewing them and wrongly classifying some as N.I., McKay said.

The average number of hotline reports generated each month is 3,649, according
to the most recent CPS semi-annual report. One in 12 was essentially being
closed without investigation since January.

The 1,000 caseworkers assigned to child welfare investigations already have
caseloads that are 77 percent above the standard, according to CPS. Carter is
asking for an additional 350 workers in the coming budget.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 4, 2011 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SEC chairman accused of mishandling Madoff response

BYLINE: David S. Hilzenrath

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 738 words


Two senior Republicans accused Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Mary
L. Schapiro on Thursday of mishandling potential conflicts of interest during
her agency's response to Bernard Madoff's epic Ponzi scheme.

Rep. Darrell Issa of California, chairman of the House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee, and Sen. Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, the ranking Republican
on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said in a statement that Schapiro had allowed
her general counsel to represent the agency on Madoff issues "without fully
properly examining" his financial interest.

The Republicans' criticism was the toughest since it came to light that former
SEC general counsel David M. Becker and his brothers inherited and then
liquidated a $2 million Madoff account years before the 2008 collapse of
Madoff's fraud. Becker rejoined the SEC as general counsel in early 2009 and
left the agency last week.

Lawmakers are trying to determine whether a criminal law was violated, according
to Hudson Hollister, a counsel for Issa's committee. In a letter to Schapiro on
Thursday, Issa and Grassley cited a federal law that they said prohibits federal
officers from participating in proceedings in which they have a financial
interest.

The Becker brothers were recently sued by the trustee trying to recover money
for Madoff's investors, seeking to recover $1.5 million of payouts from their
family account. The trustee, who says the money rightfully belongs to investors
who were defrauded, has filed "clawback" suits against many "net winners" -
people who took out more than they put in.

In his role at the SEC, Becker helped frame the agency's position on how much
money investors should be entitled to recoup in the Madoff bankruptcy.

Many investors have been fighting to establish that they are owed the full,
bogus amount shown on their last account statements.

But in ongoing litigation, the SEC has rejected the investors' position, siding
instead with the trustee. The SEC has argued that investors' claims should be
limited to what they put in minus what they took out - with one exception:
Unlike the trustee, the SEC has argued that investors should also receive an
inflation adjustment on the money they deposited with Madoff.

"Chairman Schapiro knew that Becker, her general counsel, was responsible for
this work, but failed to determine whether the advice he was providing might
affect his personal financial interest," Issa and Grassley said in a statement.

SEC spokesman John Nester declined to comment, except to say, "The e-mail
exchange makes clear that Mr. Becker appropriately sought the advice of the
Chief Ethics Counseland followed that advice."

Becker participated in the Madoff matter after consulting the SEC ethics counsel
and getting a green light. The ethics counsel, William Lenox, gave Becker
approval on May 4, 2009, about 25 minutes after Becker sought guidance,
according to an exchange of e-mails the lawmakers released Thursday. Issa and
Grassley said the ethics counsel acted without independently verifying the
facts.

The SEC ethics counsel told Becker that it was okay for him to work on the
matter because it would have "no direct and predictable effect" on whether the
trustee would try to claw back money from Becker.

David Bernfeld, a lawyer for a group of Madoff victims, said the SEC's decision
to let Becker participate reflected "insensitivity" to victims "who are already
deeply concerned by the agency's multiple failures to prevent or uncover the
Madoff scandal in the past."

Bernfeld said Becker's involvement - and the SEC's decision to side with the
trustee - left the agency open to suspicion. It could appear that the SEC was
trying to curry favor with trustee Irving Picard so he wouldn't sue Becker,
Bernfeld said.

But from a financial point of view, he said, the SEC's position appears to run
contrary to Becker's interest. That's because, if investors were entitled to
their full fictitious account balances, the money Becker withdrew would have
been his own, and it would not have been subject to clawback, Bernfeld
explained.

Hollister, the oversight committee staff member, offered a similar assessment.
But he also said that the SEC's position that investors be awarded interest on
their deposits could help Becker by reducing the amount that the trustee could
try to take back from him. The SEC advocated awarding interest in a legal brief
signed by Becker.

hilzenrath@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            February 23, 2004 Monday

Md. Court of Appeals disbars attorney for mishandling funds

BYLINE: Alisa Bralove

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words


The Court of Appeals has disbarred Harford County attorney Sally J. Somerville
for mishandling estate funds and failing to maintain communications with a
client.

The complaint against Somerville stemmed from her representation of Melva
Miller, a New York woman who was appointed personal representative of her
grandmother's estate.

According to the findings of fact, Somerville did not file an inventory of the
estate nor a first administration account. She also failed to return numerous
phone calls to Miller.

In addition, Somerville drew a $1,000 check from the estate account without
authorization.

When Miller retained another attorney, Somerville would not respond to calls.
Ultimately the new lawyer filed a petition to compel testimony to get
information concerning the case.

Miller then submitted a complaint to the Attorney Grievance Commission.

In the course of bar counsel's investigation, Somerville never responded to any
requests for information. She also did not attend the peer review meeting
discussing the complaint.

Somerville also did not appear for the hearing and Harford County Circuit Judge
Stephen M. Waldron found that she had violated Rules 1.1 (competence), 1.3
(diligence), 1.4 (communication), 1.5 (fees), 8.1 (bar admission and
disciplinary matters), and 8.4 (misconduct) of the Maryland Rules of
Professional Conduct.

The Court of Appeals took bar counsel's recommendation and opted for disbarment.

In a footnote, however, Chief Judge Robert M. Bell noted that the failure to
attend a peer review hearing is not necessarily a violation of Rule 8.1.

WHAT THE COURT HELD

Case:

Attorney Grievance Commission of Maryland v. Sally L. Somerville, Misc. AG No.
13, Sept. Term 2003. Reported. Opinion by Bell, C.J. Filed Feb. 17, 2004.

Issue:

Did the hearing judge err in finding an attorney who misused estate funds and
repeatedly failed to return phone calls in violation of MRPC 1.1, 1.3, 1.4, 1.5,
8.1, and 8.4?

Holding:

No. Disbarment is the appropriate sanction.

Counsel:

Asst. Bar Counsel James P. Botluck for petitioner; Sally L. Somerville for
respondent.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             July 24, 2010 Saturday

For Obama, the issue of race puts him on the defensive again

BYLINE: BY SHERYL GAY STOLBERG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Barack Obama's mishandling of the case of a black Agriculture Department
official highlights how he has struggled since the beginning of his presidency
with volatile matters of race.

FULL TEXT

One year ago this week, President Barack Obama plunged into a thicket of racial
politics by declaring that a white police officer in Cambridge, Massachusetts,
had ''acted stupidly'' in arresting a black Harvard University professor in his
own home. Suddenly, the president whose election suggested the promise of a
postracial future was thrust into the wounds of the past.

Not much has changed.

On Thursday, Mr. Obama sought to tamp down yet another racial uproar, this one
over his administration's mishandling of the case of Shirley Sherrod, a black
Agriculture Department official who was dismissed based on a video clip of
remarks - taken out of context - that appeared to suggest she had discriminated
against white farmers. One day after the Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
apologized profusely to Ms. Sherrod and offered her a new job working on race
relations for the agency, Mr. Obama offered his own apology.

Later, in an interview with the ABC News program ''Good Morning America,'' Mr.
Obama weighed in publicly for the first time. ''He jumped the gun,'' the
president said, referring to Mr. Vilsack, ''partly because we now live in this
media culture where something goes up on YouTube or a blog and everybody
scrambles.''

That, however, is unlikely to be the end of it for Mr. Obama, who has struggled
since the beginning of his presidency with whether, when and how to deal with
volatile matters of race. No matter how hard his White House tries to keep the
issue from defining his presidency, it keeps popping back up, fueled in part by
high expectations from the left for the first black president, and in part by
tactical opposition politics on the right.

The Sherrod flap spotlighted how Mr. Obama is caught between these competing
political forces, and it renewed criticism from some of his supporters,
especially prominent African-Americans, that he has been too defensive in
dealing with matters of race - and too quick to react to criticism from the
right.

For many liberals, Ms. Sherrod's hasty dismissal carried strong echoes of the
ouster of Van Jones, an environmental adviser to the president who was forced to
resign after Fox News focused attention on some of his past work and statements,
and his decision to sign a petition in 2004 questioning whether the
administration of President George W. Bush had allowed the terrorist attacks of
Sept. 11, 2001, to provide a pretext for war in the Middle East.

''I think what you see in this White House is a hypersensitivity about issues of
race, that has them often leaning too far to avoid confronting these issues, and
in so doing lays the foundation for the very problem they would like to avoid,''
said Wade Henderson, president and chief executive of the Leadership Conference
on Civil and Human Rights, an advocacy group in Washington.

It is not as if Mr. Obama does not have expertise in the matter. While he was
running for president he made what even his critics acknowledged was a serious
and thoughtful effort to address race relations, during a speech in Philadelphia
in March 2008. It followed a storm of controversy about racially inflammatory
statements made by his pastor.

And as Michael Eric Dyson, a sociology professor at Georgetown University in
Washington, notes, Mr. Obama wrote an entire book on race: ''Dreams From My
Father,'' in which he dealt with his own complicated biracial history and
struggle to fit into a country that sees things in black and white.

Mr. Dyson, who is working on a book about Mr. Obama and race called
''Presidential Race,'' says the president at times seems either unable or
unwilling to talk about it. ''You've got one of the great intellects on race in
the presidency, and yet he is hamstrung, there's a gag order,'' he said. ''Now
some of that gag order is self-imposed, and some of it is at the behest of
nervous white Americans who are fearful that Mr. Obama may racialize the
presidency, so he's got a legitimate concern that he doesn't get pigeonholed.
But the tragedy is that we need his leadership.''

The White House rejected the notion that he had not provided leadership, or was
avoiding a conversation on race.  Still, the Sherrod controversy has renewed
calls for Mr. Obama to tackle race head-on.

After the Harvard professor, Henry Louis Gates Jr., was arrested last summer,
Mr. Obama convened a much-publicized ''beer summit'' at the White House - a
moment of reconciliation for Mr. Gates and the arresting officer.

In interviews, both Mr. Henderson and Charles J. Ogletree Jr., a Harvard law
professor who represented Mr. Gates, suggested that the president should now
convene a national conference on race relations. Ward Connerly, a black
conservative who leads an institute devoted to fighting racial preferences,
endorsed the idea.

''This president has never wanted to have his fingerprints on the issue of race,
and I can understand why - if you're a self-identified black man and you're
running for president, you know how treacherous the waters can be,'' Mr.
Connerly said. ''But I think the president can, if he's masterful - and he
certainly is - introduce this subject in a way that he's doing it as our leader,
not as our black leader.''

Mr. Axelrod, though, threw cold water on the notion, saying Mr. Obama had
''pressing matters that are significant to all Americans,'' like the economy.

On Thursday, Ms. Sherrod stuck to her assertion that the White House had played
a role in her ouster, even as Mr. Obama's advisers said that was not the case.
The White House press secretary, Robert Gibbs, was once again peppered with
questions about whether the Sherrod controversy was ''a teachable moment,'' and
if so, what the lesson was and whether Mr. Obama should be the teacher. ''I
don't think you have to have a teacher,'' Mr. Gibbs replied, ''for this to be a
teachable moment.''

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CITY MANAGER DEMOTES OFFICER ACCUSED OF MISHANDLING CASH

BYLINE: By WILL VASH and STEPHANIE SLATER Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: BOYNTON BEACH


City Manager Kurt Bressner's decision to suspend, rather than fire, a city
police lieutenant accused of mishandling more than $22,000 in Fraternal Order of
Police money has outraged the city's police officers.

Angry e-mails began pouring in Friday after Bressner overruled Police Chief Matt
Immler's recommendation that Lt. Richard Root be fired after criminal and
internal affairs investigations found that he and former Boynton Beach officer
Nancy Aspenleiter mismanaged the FOP lodge's finances. The accusations included
keeping $10,000 in public donations meant for widows and orphans of the Sept. 11
attacks and using $10,000 meant for a motorcycle raffle winner to pay down the
mortgage on the lodge.

Instead of dismissal, Root will be suspended for 30 days without pay and demoted
to sergeant.

Sgt. Steve Wessendorf said in a memo that he was "appalled" by Bressner's
decision.

"You must not have any respect for the rest of our sergeants to actually award
this thief and liar to a position of sergeant," Wessendorf wrote. "The members
of this department go out everyday trying to rid this community of the exact
person that you have allowed to stay among us."

Bressner said Tuesday he was surprised by the amount of negative feedback he has
received, but that it doesn't change his decision.

"I had to deal with the four corners of this case and deal with the facts of the
accusations. I can't deal with extraneous perceptions," Bressner said. "I just
didn't feel the evidence was there in terms of the theft accusation."

While Bressner did not support the theft charge, he did agree with police
investigators that Root committed perjury, violated fund solicitation laws,
failed to keep records, failed to turn over raffle money, failed to register
with the state to solicit money, made untruthful statements and demonstrated
conduct unbecoming an officer, his report shows.

Root, 42, "failed to demonstrate responsible, honest and credible conduct" in
his presidency of the FOP and brought "disrepute" to the city, Bressner wrote,
adding that "this has had a detrimental effect on the lodge and the police
department."

The Fraternal Order of Police 49 released a statement calling Bressner's
decision "unfortunate."

In November, prosecutors declined to file criminal charges against Root and
Aspenleiter, citing insufficient evidence and inaccurate and incomplete records.

The Florida Department of Law Enforcement's Criminal Justice Standards and
Training Commission will hold a hearing Sept. 12 to determine whether Root and
Aspenleiter can keep their law enforcement certification, according to Boynton
Beach Lt. Jeff Katz, police spokesman. Aspenleiter resigned last year after an
internal affairs investigation found that she failed to report accurately her
vacation time and sick leave.

Mayor Jerry Taylor said Bressner had to go with the facts before him.

"It's his job to hire and fire, not ours," Taylor said. "It's his call."

Commissioner Mack McCray said many people have called him upset with Bressner's
decision. He said he plans to bring up the matter at tonight's city commission
meeting.

"Kurt is not in law enforcement; he's a city manager," McCray said. "If he could
not honor the recommendation of a department head, especially one with a law
degree, I have a problem with that."

Immler said Tuesday he knows his officers are disappointed with Bressner's
decision, but notes that they asked that the city manager make the final ruling
on disciplinary actions in their collective bargaining agreement.

"It's a check and balance against overly harsh decisions that could be made in
the police department," Immler said.

Immler said he believes Bressner gave the Root investigation a lot of thought,
adding that the city manager did an independent evaluation after reading the
department's investigation.

As for the effect Root's return might have on officers, Immler said that remains
to be seen.

"Root may decide to take this to arbitration, he may decide to retire," Immler
said. "If he does come back, he's going to have to function well as a sergeant
and will be held to the same standards as other sergeants are held to."

will_vash@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 4, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

D.C. Child Agency Mishandling Cases, Report Says

BYLINE: Theola S. Labbe, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B06

LENGTH: 421 words


Children in the protective care and custody of the District's child welfare
agency might be at risk of further harm because the agency is mishandling
suspected cases of child maltreatment, according to a report released yesterday
by the city's Office of the Inspector General.

Investigators found that the Child and Family Services Agency did not have
complete reports on children who ran away from residential facilities, were
abused or neglected, or faced other suspected maltreatment. In at least six
cases, a child died and the agency lacked a full accounting of the cause of
death.

William J. DiVello, assistant inspector general for audits, told the D.C.
Council's Committee on Human Services that the child protection agency needed to
better manage allegations of maltreatment to ensure that children remain healthy
and safe.

"If the incidents are not being reported in a timely manner, they can't be
investigated properly, and it takes longer for the corrective actions to get
underway," DiVello said.

Child and Family Services, which has about 3,000 children in its custody and
monitors an additional 2,000 children, began to operate independently in June
2001 after six years under a court-appointed receiver. The inspector general's
report examined agency practices over a two-year period, from 2001 to 2003, by
reviewing 202 internal agency documents on suspected incidents of maltreatment.
The incidents included deaths, suicide attempts, personal injury, accidents and
absconding cases.

Investigators conducted a detailed review of 27 incidents and found that none of
the reports was signed or dated, making it difficult to pinpoint when the
alleged maltreatment occurred. In addition, foster-care providers in residential
facilities did not immediately report incidents to the city agency; in one case,
the delay was 42 days, the report said.

There were six deaths among the 27 cases, five of which occurred while children
were in the agency's custody, DiVello said. Three of the children were younger
than a year old, the report stated.

DiVello noted that the child protective agency made substantial progress in
other areas, including lowering the caseload for social workers, but that it
needs to take additional steps to deal with allegations of mistreatment of
children in the agency's care or custody.

The inspector general's report included six recommendations, including that the
agency complete, within 30 days, all investigations of alleged maltreatment
reported to the agency's hotline.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                  May 13, 2002

N.C. Industrial Commission Case Summaries: May 13, 2002

BYLINE: North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 3991  words


Tort/Negligence

Mishandling Remains - Medical Examiner - Serial Killer's Victim - Murder
Investigation - Emotional Distress

Where the defendant Office of the Chief Medical Examiner had a duty to release
the murder victim's remains to her next of kin and to keep accurate records of
the dispositions of remains entrusted to the O.C.M.E., the O.C.M.E. 's loss of
the remains and lack of records regarding disposition of the remains constitute
breaches of duty to the plaintiff-next of kin.

The defendants shall pay the plaintiff $50,000 in special damages for their
negligent failure to return the victim's remains to her mother.

Facts

In November 1991, Sharon Martin was murdered by serial killer Robert Sylvester
Alston in Greensboro. Days later, Martin's head and arm were recovered. The
remains were delivered to the defendant Office of the Chief Medical Examiner for
autopsy.

Plaintiff Donnell is Martin's mother. The plaintiff and the Greensboro Police
Department were advised by the O.C.M.E. that the remains would be returned once
the murder investigation was completed.

In 1998, Alston pleaded guilty to Martin's murder. However, when the plaintiff
sought the return of her daughter's remains, the O.C.M.E. could not locate the
remains. Although O.C.M.E. policy requires documentation of return
transportation or disposal of remains, the O.C.M.E. had no such documentation
for Martin's remains.

The plaintiff had already suffered extreme emotional distress because of her
daughter's 1991 murder. When she was unable to recover her daughter's remains,
her symptoms recurred.

Conclusions

"The person entitled to possession of a body may recover damages for mental
suffering caused by negligent or intentional mishandling or mutilation of the
body. "

The defendants "owed plaintiff Donnell the following duties: a. To release the
body ... to the next of kin or other interested person who would assume
responsibility for final disposition. b. To make a reasonable search for the
relatives of an unclaimed decedent's body ...; and c. To keep accurate records
of the disposition of remains entrusted to the O.C.M.E.

"The defendants negligently breached their duties ... by: a. Failing to release
the remains ... to either plaintiff Donnell or the Greensboro City Police when
the identity of the next of kin was known; b. Failing to make a reasonable
search for relatives ... when plaintiff Donnell could easily be found through
Detective Sexton and tissue samples had previously been delivered to plaintiff
Donnell; and c. Failing to keep accurate records of the disposition of Martin's
remains.

"Defendants' negligence proximately caused plaintiff's mental suffering. "

"Plaintiff is not guilty of contributory negligence. Plaintiff's failure to
request her daughter's body between 1991 and 1998 did not cause the remains to
be cremated or otherwise disposed of.... N.C. Gen. Stat. 130A-383 places the
duty on defendants to release the remains to the next of kin, and defendants
failed to do so. "

Where the defendants do not know when they lost or destroyed the remains, and
where the plaintiff was not advised that the O.C.M.E. had lost her daughter's
body until September 1998, the plaintiff's claim is not accrue until September
1998, as the defendants' negligence was not known to her nor could it have been
reasonably discovered before then. Where the plaintiff filed her claim on Nov.
10, 1999, it is not barred by the three-year statute of limitations in G.S.
143-299.

Where the plaintiff did not know of the existence of the grounds for her claim
until 1998, and where the defendants failed to show that her delay in seeking
the return of her daughter's remains was unreasonable and worked to the
disadvantage, injury or prejudice of the defendants, the defendants failed to
establish the defense of laches.

The defendants shall pay the plaintiff damages of $50,000.

Donnell v. Office of Chief Medical Examiner. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0596, 9
pp.) (Hall, Deputy Commissioner). I.C. No. TA-16298.

Workers Compensation

Medical Treatment - Back Injury - Weight Loss Recommendation - Gastric Bypass
Surgery - Unapproved

Even though the plaintiff's doctor recommended that she lose weight, since she
did not seek approval for gastric bypass surgery until five months after she
underwent the procedure, she is not entitled to have the defendants pay the
expenses of the surgery or its complications.

On remand from the N.C. Court of Appeals, the commission denies the plaintiff's
motion to authorize additional medical providers and medical treatment.

Despite exceptional attempts to return to work, the plaintiff is permanently,
totally disabled as a result of her compensable back injury, the depression she
suffers because of the injury and her consequent inability to work, and the
carpal tunnel syndrome which has been aggravated by the plaintiff's use of a
cane. Even though the plaintiff was highly compensated when she was injured in
1993 (the defendant-employer had to hire three employees to replace her), she is
not entitled to annual increases in her workers' compensation rate.

The defendants shall continue to pay the plaintiff permanent total disability
benefits and shall renovate her home to make it more accessible and less
dangerous for her. The defendants shall pay medical expenses related to the
plaintiff's back injury, her depression, her carpal tunnel syndrome, and the
injuries she has suffered in falls.

The plaintiff's treating physician, Dr. Petty, recommended a reasonable weight
loss program to improve the plaintiff's back condition. Although Dr. Petty
referred the plaintiff to the Caswell Weight Loss Clinic, he never recommended
gastric bypass surgery and did not recall referring her to Dr. Smith.

"The string of referrals beginning with Dr. Smith in November 1997 and the
resulting weight loss surgery of January 15, 1998 performed by Dr. Fischer and
the subsequent treatment for complications were unauthorized, and authorization
was not timely sought.... Plaintiff did not make a motion for authorization
until ... five months after the gastric bypass surgery had been performed....
Defendants did not have a reasonable opportunity to direct medical treatment
..., review the medical records, seek additional medical opinions or properly
depose necessary expert witnesses. As defendants were not provided reasonable
notice to explore other treatment options or prepare a defense, they were
prejudiced by plaintiff's unauthorized treatment including the surgery. "

The full commission denies plaintiff's motion to authorize additional medical
providers including Dr. Smith and related referrals as well as treatment by
these providers including gastric bypass surgery and treatment for resulting
complications.

Clark v. Sanger Clinic, P.A. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0594, 18 pp.) (Sellers,
Commissioner) On remand from the N.C. Court of Appeals. I.C. No. 333197.

Salary Continuation - Sick Leave & Vacation - Accrued Benefits - No Credit -
Disability - Back Injury

Even though the plaintiff continued to work after her compensable injury and
took sick leave or vacation time for any work time her injuries caused her to
miss, since sick leave and vacation time are vested and are distinguishable from
benefits paid pursuant to an employer- funded disability plan, the defendant is
not entitled to a credit for the salary the plaintiff received for the missed
time.

The full commission modifies the deputy commissioner's award.

Facts

On May 22, 1998, the plaintiff slipped and fell on a wet floor at work. She
caught herself with her right hand and fell on the right side of her posterior.
The defendant-employer accepted liability for the plaintiff's wrist injury.

The plaintiff had no history of back pain, but she began complaining of back
pain on the evening of the fall. While Dr. Krakauer treated the plaintiff's
wrist, Dr. Yellig-the plaintiff's family physician-treated her back pain. X-rays
revealed degenerative disc disease, and Dr. Yellig later diagnosed fibromyalgia,
depression, and chronic fatigue syndrome.

Dr. Yellig opined that the plaintiff's low back symptoms and fibromyalgia were
caused by the May 22, 1998 fall. He believes the plaintiff's pre-existing back
condition was aggravated by the fall and that the fall was a significant
contributing factor in the development of her low back symptoms.

Dr. Yellig referred the plaintiff to orthopedic surgeon Dr. Derian. Dr. Derian
diagnosed multiple level disc degeneration of the low back. He determined that
the plaintiff's symptoms were related to her May 22, 1998 fall and that the
plaintiff's fall aggravated her pre-existing, non- symptomatic degenerative disc
condition.

Dr. Venters conducted an independent medical examination. He indicated that the
May 22, 1998 fall did not cause the plaintiff's degenerative disc disease.

The plaintiff continued to work after the fall, taking sick and vacation time
when her back pain caused her to miss work.

Conclusions

"As a result of the injury by accident of May 22, 1998, plaintiff sustained
injuries to her right wrist and low back and developed symptoms of fibromyalgia
for which plaintiff required medical treatment.

"Although plaintiff continues to work and was paid her full salary during work
hours that she missed as a result of the injury by accident of May 22, 1998, she
is nevertheless entitled to temporary total disability compensation for the time
that she was incapable of earning the same or greater wages and received sick or
vacation leave, as this leave is vested and distinguishable from benefits paid
pursuant to an employer-funded disability plan. Accordingly, defendant is not
entitled to a credit. "

The defendant shall pay the plaintiff 30 weeks of benefits for the 10 percent
permanent impairment to her back. The defendant shall also pay medical expenses,
subject to G.S. 97-25.1.

Hunt v. North Carolina State University. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0595, 9 pp.)
(Sellers, Commissioner) Appealed from Opinion & Award of Stanback, Deputy
Commissioner. I.C. No. 839851.

Medical Treatment - Refusal to Authorize - Unreasonable - Attorney's Fees

Where the defendants unreasonably refused to provide the plaintiff necessary
medical care, they have relinquished their right to direct the plaintiff's
medical care.

The full commission modifies and affirms the deputy commissioner's award of
benefits.

Facts

On Aug. 20, 1999, the plaintiff suffered multiple injuries when a roof gave way
and he was struck by and pinned under a truss. After the plaintiff's release
from the hospital, the defendants allowed him to continue follow-up care with
orthopedist Dr. Comadoll. Dr. Comadoll released the plaintiff to return to light
duty on Sep. 7, 1999.

However, by Nov. 1, 1999, the plaintiff's back pain and the numbness and
tingling in his left leg had increased to the point that he was unable to work.
He went to the emergency room and was referred to Dr. Comadoll's practice. The
plaintiff was able to obtain an appointment with Dr. Comadoll's partner, Dr.
Steele, on Nov. 3.

Dr. Steele took the plaintiff out of work and scheduled an MRI. The MRI showed
an L4- 5 annular tear on the left with lateral stenosis.

The defendants filed a Form 61 Denial of Compensation Claim form on Nov. 11,
1999. However, the defendants did not use the form as intended under the
commission's rules; rather, the defendants used the form to dispute the
out-of-work excuse from Dr. Steele. The defendants would only acknowledge Dr.
Comadoll as the approved doctor; however, Dr. Comadoll deferred to and approved
the treatment and recommendations of Dr. Steele. The defendants took no other
steps to provide the plaintiff with alternative medical treatment until they
scheduled an appointment with Dr. Loftis in April 2000.

On Dec. 14, 1999, Dr. Steele recommended physical therapy, but the defendants
agreed to authorize physical therapy only if recommended by Dr. Comadoll.
Nevertheless, upon receiving Dr. Comadoll's recommendation, the
defendant-carrier said that the written recommendation was unacceptable and
insisted that Dr. Comadoll examine the plaintiff personally.

When the plaintiff agreed to see Dr. Comadoll, the defendants retracted their
authorization of Dr. Comadoll as the treating physicians. The defendants then
instructed the plaintiff to see a physician at a different practice.

On Jan. 18, 2000, the plaintiff returned to part-time work. He was laid off on
June 14, 2000. Since then, he has been unable to find work within his
restrictions.

The defendants finally set up an appointment with another physician, Dr. Loftis,
for Apr. 13, 2000. The plaintiff did not attend because he wanted to continue
seeing Dr. Steele.

"It would appear that defendants were unhappy with Dr. Steele because Dr. Steele
acknowledged plaintiff's pain complaints, provided out-of-work notes, and
recommended further treatment.... However, defendants did not take any steps to
obtain a second opinion to determine the validity of plaintiff's complaints and
his medical needs. Rather, defendants wanted to limit plaintiff's treatment to
Dr. Comadoll because Dr. Comadoll did not find any basis for plaintiff's
complaints and sent him back to work. When Dr. Comadoll agreed with Dr. Steele's
treatment, defendants then refused to recognize Dr. Comadoll. "

"Defendants have engaged in unfounded litigiousness and are responsible for
payment of a reasonable attorney's fee to plaintiff's counsel. "

Conclusions

"Defendants unreasonably refused and/or delayed providing plaintiff necessary
medical care and therefore have relinquished their right under the [Workers'
Compensation] Act to direct plaintiff's medical care.

"The medical care provided and recommended by Dr. Steele and the referral to Dr.
Dickerson are necessary to effect a cure or give relief, and plaintiff is
entitled to this treatment for his compensable back injury. "

The defendants shall pay the plaintiff temporary partial disability benefits for
the periods from Oct. 20, 1999 through Nov. 1, 1999 and Jan. 18, 2000 through
June 14, 2000. The defendants shall pay the plaintiff temporary total disability
benefits for the periods from Nov. 2, 1999 through Jan. 17, 2000 and June 14,
2000 through the present.

The defendants' motion that the plaintiff's benefits be suspended for refusing
treatment with Dr. Loftis is denied.

The defendants shall pay a reasonable attorney's fee in the amount of $1500
because of their unreasonable handling of the plaintiff's claim. "The $1500
attorney's fee awarded to plaintiff's counsel is to be applied as a credit
against attorney's fees owed to counsel by plaintiff; therefore, the award
directs that the $1500 be paid by defendant directly to plaintiff in lump sum. "

Cervantes v. Carolina Building Solutions. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0598, 10 pp.)
(Riggsbee, Commissioner) Appealed from Opinion & Award of Holmes, Deputy
Commissioner. I.C. No. 980683.

Causation - Neck Injury - Disk Herniation - Lower Back - Unrelated

Where the plaintiff did not complain of lower back pain until 1997, his
compensable 1991 neck injury did not cause his lower back problems.

The full commission affirms the deputy commissioner's denial of benefits.

"The evidence indicates that one of two intervening events may have precipitated
the herniated lumbar disk, either the incident around February 1997 when
plaintiff lifted some motors at work, and for which no claim was filed, or the
event around March/April 1997 when plaintiff acted as a pallbearer. In addition,
the evidence is that the condition could be idiopathic in origin. "

"The evidence fails to establish that plaintiff's herniated lumbar disk is
causally related to his compensable injury by accident of October 28, 1991. The
evidence does not establish that the herniated disk was caused by or was the
natural consequence of the accident of October 28, 1991. Therefore, plaintiff's
claim for additional benefits related to the herniated lumbar disk or any
consequences thereof must be denied.

"Plaintiff has not filed a claim concerning any new accident or aggravation of
his back condition related to February 1997, when the evidence indicates he
lifted some motors at work. Plaintiff has failed to timely file a claim for a
new injury arising about February 1997 and any such claim is now barred by N.C.
Gen. Stat. 97-24. "

Sheffield v. Perdue Farms, Inc. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0599, 13 pp.)
(Riggsbee, Commissioner) Appealed from Opinion & Award of Cramer, Deputy
Commissioner. I.C. No. 181957.

Jurisdiction - Regional Truck Driver - N.C. Resident - Tennessee Employer -
Significant Contact

Even though the defendant-employer has its principal place of business in
Tennessee, and even though the plaintiff-truck driver was injured in Tennessee,
since the plaintiff lives in North Carolina, keeps his truck at his home, and
makes a high percentage of his stops in North Carolina, North Carolina is the
state with the highest degree of significant contacts with the plaintiff's
employment.

The full commission modifies and affirms the deputy commissioner's ruling that
the parties are subject to the N.C. Workers' Compensation Act.

The plaintiff is a North Carolina resident. While attending Johnson County
Community College, he received a pamphlet concerning employment with the
defendant-employer, a company with its principal place of business in Tennessee.
The plaintiff submitted an application and was informed by phone to go to
Alabama, where he was hired.

The plaintiff hauled loads in 13 southeastern states, including North Carolina,
Tennessee, South Carolina, Alabama and Georgia. He kept his truck at his home.
Although the employer has no terminals in North Carolina, it had more than three
employees residing here.

Nineteen of the plaintiff's pick-up and drop-off locations were in N.C. The only
state with more pick-up and drop-off locations was Georgia, with 22. The
defendants are not claiming Georgia has jurisdiction.

On Aug. 26, 1998, the plaintiff suffered a compensable back injury at a terminal
in Tennessee. The defendants soon began issuing the plaintiff workers'
compensation checks pursuant to the Alabama Workers' Compensation Act. The
plaintiff did not apply to Alabama for benefits and did not realize for some
time that the checks were within Alabama's jurisdiction.

"North Carolina constituted plaintiff's principal place of employment under N.C.
Gen. Stat. 97-36(iii). While the plaintiff, a truck driver, did not perform the
majority of his job duties in any one state, including North Carolina, the
record does reflect that no state standing alone had the same degree of
significant contact to the plaintiff's employment as North Carolina. "

"The parties are subject to and bound by the North Carolina Workers'
Compensation Act. "

Lance v. U.S. Express Enterprises, Inc. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0600, 7 pp.)
(Bolch, Commissioner) Appealed from Opinion & Award of Stephenson, Deputy
Commissioner. I.C. No. 934613.

Occupational Disease - Carpal Tunnel Syndrome - Causation & Increased Risk -
Medical Evidence - Last Injurious Exposure

Even though an ergonomic expert viewed the plaintiff's sock-folding job for a
day and opined that the job did not place the plaintiff at an increased risk of
developing carpal tunnel syndrome, since the plaintiff's doctor regularly
treated carpal tunnel syndrome patients from the sock industry and believed that
the plaintiff's job did place her at an increased risk of developing carpal
tunnel syndrome, the doctor's testimony is given more weight.

The full commission modifies and affirms the deputy commissioner's award of
benefits.

"Dr. DeFranzo testified that the 'general population' has a 0.6 percent chance
of developing carpal tunnel syndrome but that individuals that perform highly
repetitive jobs have a six percent chance of developing carpal tunnel syndrome,
10 times the risk over the general population. "

Even though the plaintiff returned to light duty after her diagnosis, and even
though Dr. DeFranzo admitted that the plaintiff's condition might have worsened
even if she had not returned to work at all, since the light duty work
aggravated the plaintiff's carpal tunnel syndrome to some extent, she was last
injuriously exposed to the hazards of carpal tunnel syndrome when she returned
to light duty. Hence, PMA Insurance Group was the insurance carrier on the risk
when the plaintiff was last injuriously exposed to the hazards of her
occupational disease. "Last injurious exposure does not require a showing of a
significant contribution to the occupational disease. "

The plaintiff is entitled to medical treatment by Dr. DeFranzo, including the
recommended surgery. The defendants shall pay the plaintiff temporary partial
disability benefits beginning Feb. 24, 2000 and continuing thereafter, limited
to 300 weeks from the date of the plaintiff's contraction of the occupational
disease.

Hargrave v. Kentucky Derby Hosiery. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0601, 11 pp.)
(Mavretic, Commissioner) Appealed from Opinion & Award of Gheen, Deputy
Commissioner. I.C. No. 012624.

Insurance Coverage - Job Classification - Cotton Gin - Seasonal Worker - Hay,
Grain & Feed Dealer Category

Where the defendant-carrier's agent had placed coverage for the defendant-
employer for years, and where the employer relied on the agent's knowledge of
job classification codes to classify its employees, the fact that the plaintiff
was classified as a hay, grain and feed dealer-when in fact he operated a cotton
gin-does not relieve the carrier of its obligation to cover the plaintiff's
injury.

The full commission affirms the deputy commissioner's award of benefits.

According to an employee of the insurance agency, "the Workers' Compensation
Insurance Experience Rating is completed by the Rate Bureau, and copies are sent
to the insurance agency and the insurance company. This document is maintained
in the [insured's] file and used to show class codes for past coverage, to help
the agency estimate losses and to provide information about the policy of a
particular insured. The experience rating for defendant- employer contained the
class code for a cotton gin and was a part of the ... file used by the agent in
placing the coverage for defendant-employer. "

The plaintiff's wages were included in the defendant-carrier's calculation of
the employer's workers' compensation premium; however, the plaintiff's wages
were included in the hay, grain and feed dealer category because of the seasonal
nature of his job. The insurance agent was aware of this and did not instruct
the employer-who relied on the agent's knowledge of the class codes and
application process-to list the plaintiff's wages under a different class code.
Had the plaintiff been classified as a cotton gin worker, the premium would have
been higher.

The carrier had notice of the cotton gin from the experience rating provided by
the Rate Bureau and from the insurance agent.

"Defendant-carrier accepted premium payments from defendant-employer based on
the application submitted by defendant-carrier's agent who had handled insurance
needs for defendant-employer for years and was familiar with their insurance
needs as evidenced by the file developed and maintained by the agent.
Defendant-carrier is estopped from denying coverage for plaintiff's injury. "

The plaintiff is entitled to temporary total disability benefits beginning Dec.
21, 1998 and continuing until he returns to work at the same or greater wages or
until further order of the commission. Subject to G.S. 97-25.1, the carrier
shall pay related medical expenses. The employer is entitled to reimbursement
from the carrier for compensation paid to the plaintiff for his compensable
injury.

McKinnon v. L&S Holding Co. (Lawyers Weekly No. 2-08-0602, 9 pp.) (Sellers,
Commissioner) Appealed from Opinion & Award of Hall, Deputy Commissioner. I.C.
No. 901411.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 18, 2006 Friday

KeySpan fined $12,500 for mishandling of asbestos

BYLINE: Alexandra Mayer-Hohdahl, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 11504 words


Aug. 18--TEWKSBURY -- KeySpan has been fined $12,500 by the state, after the
natural-gas provider was found to have improperly handled asbestos at its
Tewksbury facility close to a year ago.

The Department of Environmental Protection had inspected the demolition and
renovation work at the company's Chapman Road facility last October. Inspectors
found asbestos-riddled old tile in a trash receptacle behind the building,
although the state agency had not been notified of the material's presence.

The law calls for asbestos-removal projects to be run by the DEP, so the agency
can make sure that the asbestos, fibers of which can easily become airborne, is
correctly handled and disposed of.

"These fibers can remain suspended in the air for long periods of time and can
easily penetrate body tissue when inhaled," the DEP said in a press release.
"(They) can ... cause asbestosis and/or various forms of cancer."

DEP spokesman Joe Ferson said the site has since been certified as clean by a
hygienist. KeySpan hired an asbestos-abatement contractor after the inspection
to complete the demolition work under a DEP-approved plan.

The subcontractor who originally handled the asbestos was found not to be at
fault, Ferson said, because "he was not informed of the presence of asbestos" by
KeySpan. Ferson declined to reveal who the subcontractor was.

KeySpan spokeswoman Carmen Fields said the company has learned from the
incident.

"Safety is the cornerstone of KeySpan's operation," she said yesterday. "We have
instituted additional safety and training procedures to make sure that such a
mishap doesn't happen again."

Alexandra Mayer-Hohdahl's e-mail address is amayer-hohdahl@lowellsun.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060818-LZ-0818-KeySpan-fined-12,500-for-mishandling-of-asbestos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2006 The Sun


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    July 24, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Jury awards $ 1.5 million for crematorium shortcuts

BYLINE: KATHLEEN SULLIVAN; SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F7

LENGTH: 281 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


A San Francisco jury has awarded damages totalling $ 1.5 million to 22 families
after finding that a Sebastopol, Calif., crematorium mishandled the remains of
their relatives.

Thomas Frankovich, a San Francisco attorney representing the families, said the
individual awards to family members ranged from $ 25,000 to $ 250,000.

Frankovich described the Pleasant Hill Crematorium's conduct as "horrifying,"
saying the former owners had routinely commingled remains, including those of
unrelated infants and adults. He said the crematorium had also dumped remains at
the bottom of newly dug graves; at other times, he said, it dumped the remains
in a nearby orchard.

Frankovich said the actions occurred between 1977 and 1989.

Monday's award was the second one returned in the case, in which 62 families
have sued the crematorium.

Frankovich said the jury had found the crematorium guilty of mishandling remains
and fraudulently concealing their actions from the families. On July 9, the jury
awarded nearly $ 1 million in damages to 16 other families.

Testimony by family members continues this week in San Francisco Superior Court,
as the third set of 24 families goes to trial.

Another law firm is representing 18,000 other families in a class-action suit
against the Pleasant Hill Crematorium.

Jim Johnson, who took over the business this year and renamed it Pleasant Hills
Memorial Park and Mortuary, said the lawsuit focused on allegations against its
former owners.

Frankovich, who has handled cremation and burial cases for the past 10 years,
said the case is evidence of a pervasive problem of mishandling remains in the
mortuary and funeral business.


LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Chex Systems , Inc.

                          7805 Hudson Road  Suite 100
                              Woodbury,  MN 55125
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (651) 361-2000
FAX: (602) 659-2197
URL: www.creditservicer.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 750

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   ChexSystems, Inc provides deposit account verification services to its
financial institution members to aid them in identifying account applicants who
may have a history of account mishandling. Account mishandling or closed for
cause usually falls into two main categories:   1. NSFs (non-sufficient funds).
This is more commonly known as bouncing a check.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 175,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Wisconsin Law Journal (Milwaukee, WI)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Fond du Lac attorney faces public reprimand for alleged mishandling of fees

BYLINE: Erika Strebel, erika.strebel@wislawjournal.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 546  words


A Fond du Lac attorney could face a public reprimand for, among other things,
mishandling fees and failing to return fees he did not earn.

In a complaint filed Tuesday, the Office of Lawyer regulation alleged that
Philip Shepherd committed 10 counts of misconduct involving three clients.

A couple hired Shepherd in 2013 to draft a power of attorney for the wife's
mother, according to the complaint. They later asked him to draft paperwork for
a guardianship and paid him $2,000 in advanced fees, which he placed in a
business account instead of a trust account.

However, the couple later told Shepherd they did not need the guardianship
paperwork. There was no written fee agreement, which is required if the cost of
representation exceeds $1,000. The couple also later had him draft an estate
plan and form an LLC, intending to use the money they had paid for the cancelled
guardianship documents to instead cover the cost of the work.

But when the couple asked for an accounting and a refund of any unearned fees,
Shepherd did not provide them. They filed a grievance, and Shepherd eventually
sent the OLR an invoice showing $1,577.50 going toward the work he had done for
the couple and $622.50 in unearned fees. Shepherd has not paid any refunds,
though, according to the OLR.

Shepherd also took money for work on a planned farm sale that he never completed
and failed to respond to a client's requests for information, according to the
complaint. A woman had hired Shepherd in January 2014 to draft documents for the
sale of a farm. He told the woman it would take a month to complete the work,
and she paid him $1,000 in advanced fees without having a written fee agreement.

Shepherd never deposited the money into a trust account, according to the OLR,
and never completed the work. The woman attempted to get in touch with Shepherd,
according to the complaint, by leaving voicemails, stopping by his office and
leaving notes on his office door. Still, Shepherd never responded.

The client hired another attorney, but Shepherd never paid back the $1,000 fee
despite her requests, according to the OLR. When reimbursement finally came, in
December 2014, it was from the Wisconsin Lawyers' Fund for Client Protection.

The OLR also alleges that Shepherd practiced law while his license was suspended
and failed to cooperate with the OLR when it investigated the matter. Shepherd's
license has been suspended since October 31, 2014, for failing to submit a trust
account certification and not paying bar dues, among other things. Yet, in March
2015, he drafted a will and other documents for a client, who paid him $700. And
when the OLR requested information about that work, Shepherd failed to respond.

Shepherd could not immediately be reached Thursday.

The OLR is asking the Wisconsin Supreme Court to publicly reprimand Shepherd and
order him to pay $622.50 in restitution to the couple who hired him to do legal
work and $1,000 in restitution to the Wisconsin Lawyers' Fund for Client
Protection.

Shepherd was admitted to practice in Wisconsin in 2006. He earned his law degree
from the William Mitchell School of Law in St. Paul, Minn.

http://www.wislawjournal.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 25, 2004 Thursday
                                 DuPage Edition

Suit delays the release of pension fund audit Bensenville is accused of
mishandling $2.5 million

BYLINE: Justin Kmitch, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 410 words


Bensenville taxpayers may have to wait several more months before learning who,
if anyone, was responsible for the alleged mishandling of $2.5 million from the
Bensenville firefighters pension fund.

State officials said Wednesday that the public release of a state audit of the
fund is being delayed for a second time in as many months.

Many questions about allegations of fund mismanagement by village officials are
likely to be answered in the report, but state and village officials are
prohibited from discussing or revealing the report publicly.

In May, former pension board attorney Michael Zimmermann disclosed independent
audits that concluded the village failed to transfer nearly $2.5 million into
the pension fund during a two- year span. Zimmermann was fired in August after
making the accusations.

Village-hired experts have called the claims libelous, and local officials have
steadfastly maintained they did nothing wrong. However, the village repaid the
pension fund the money by early June.

A lawsuit filed by the village and pension fund board in October may delay the
start of the administrative hearing that both bodies also requested, said Susan
Hofer, spokeswoman for the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional
Regulation.

Both boards filed the lawsuit seeking a judge's ruling on whether they violated
any state laws or mishandled any pension money. Pension board attorney Marc
Pekay did not return messages Wednesday.

Village attorney Gerald Gorski was not available for comment but previously said
the suit was filed because the state agency "has failed to directly respond to
numerous requests by the village to render an opinion confirming the legality of
the village's actions."

Hofer said that the administrative review hearing would be the proper time and
place for such discussion. But the department is waiting for a judge's ruling to
determine whether the hearing can be held while the matter also is being
litigated.

State law prohibits the report from being made public until the end of the
hearing, once one has been requested. The same statute also allows the
department director to withhold the report from public inspection for up to 60
days following the hearing.

"The lawsuit they filed against the agency really clouds the matter and sets the
process back," Hofer said. "Depending on what the judge tells us, we may be able
to release the report to you on Monday or it could be weeks or months until
after a hearing."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                              May 23, 2003, Friday

INTERNAL INQUIRY OF OFFICER ON HOLD; SHERIFF'S OFFICE STEPS IN TO AID HAINES
CITY POLICE.

BYLINE: AMBER SMITH The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 429 words


HAINES CITY -- An internal affairs investigation into a Haines City police
corporal's mishandling of evidence has been put on hold while the Sheriff's
Office looks into possible criminal charges.

Police Cpl. Randolph Alexander, 38, was suspended with pay from the department
last week after Police Department files and papers were found in a Winter Haven
storage unit rented to Alexander.

"The internal affairs investigation was placed on hold when Lt. (Fred) Daniell,
while investigating the mishandling of evidence allegations, uncovered some
items that could be of a criminal nature," said Haines City Deputy Police Chief
Wendall Maggard.

"We have asked the Polk County Sheriff's Office for help with the investigation
into what could be of a criminal nature."

Maggard declined to comment further on the investigation or expand on what the
items of a criminal nature were.

Alexander, who has worked for the Haines City Police Department for 12 years, is
still on paid leave, Maggard said. Alexander could not be reached for comment
Thursday.

Polk County sheriff's officials could not be reached for comment on the
investigation. Calls to Polk County Sheriff's Col. Grady Judd were not returned
by press time.

Alexander was placed on leave after workers at a storage business in Winter
Haven were cleaning out a unit rented to Alexander and found boxes of Police
Department papers and files. The workers called the Winter Haven Police
Department, which then called Haines City officials.

Winter Haven police officials have said they cannot comment on the
investigation.

Alexander has been the subject of three other internal affairs investigations
while at Haines City. The most recent was in December 2002 when a woman
Alexander arrested accused him of abusing his power as an officer and stealing $
150 from her purse when she was arrested.

The investigation determined the accusations were unfounded.

The other investigations stemmed from a domestic disturbance with a former
girlfriend in 1999. Alexander was suspended for two days without pay. He was
suspended for five days in 1993 for improper conduct. No further information is
available about the 1993 suspension.

Alexander also has numerous commendations in his personnel file and has received
high scores in almost all of his performance evaluations.

Maggard did not know how long the Sheriff's Office investigation would take or
when the department's internal affairs investigation would resume.

Amber Smith can be reached at amber.smith@theledger.com or 863-422-6800.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                              May 23, 2003, Friday

INQUIRY OF OFFICER ON HOLD FOR NOW; POLK SHERIFF'S OFFICE STEPS IN TO AID A
LOCAL POLICE DEPARTMENT'S INTERNAL INQUIRY.

BYLINE: AMBER SMITH The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 429 words


HAINES CITY -- An internal affairs investigation into a Haines City police
corporal's mishandling of evidence has been put on hold while the Sheriff's
Office looks into possible criminal charges.

Police Cpl. Randolph Alexander, 38, was suspended with pay from the department
last week after Police Department files and papers were found in a Winter Haven
storage unit rented to Alexander.

"The internal affairs investigation was placed on hold when Lt. (Fred) Daniell,
while investigating the mishandling of evidence allegations, uncovered some
items that could be of a criminal nature," said Haines City Deputy Police Chief
Wendall Maggard.

"We have asked the Polk County Sheriff's Office for help with the investigation
into what could be of a criminal nature."

Maggard declined to comment further on the investigation or expand on what the
items of a criminal nature were.

Alexander, who has worked for the Haines City Police Department for 12 years, is
still on paid leave, Maggard said. Alexander could not be reached for comment
Thursday.

Polk County sheriff's officials could not be reached for comment on the
investigation. Calls to Polk County Sheriff's Col. Grady Judd were not returned
by press time.

Alexander was placed on leave after workers at a storage business in Winter
Haven were cleaning out a unit rented to Alexander and found boxes of Police
Department papers and files. The workers called the Winter Haven Police
Department, which then called Haines City officials.

Winter Haven police officials have said they cannot comment on the
investigation.

Alexander has been the subject of three other internal affairs investigations
while at Haines City. The most recent was in December 2002 when a woman
Alexander arrested accused him of abusing his power as an officer and stealing $
150 from her purse when she was arrested.

The investigation determined the accusations were unfounded.

The other investigations stemmed from a domestic disturbance with a former
girlfriend in 1999. Alexander was suspended for two days without pay. He was
suspended for five days in 1993 for improper conduct. No further information is
available about the 1993 suspension.

Alexander also has numerous commendations in his personnel file and has received
high scores in almost all of his performance evaluations.

Maggard did not know how long the Sheriff's Office investigation would take or
when the department's internal affairs investigation would resume.

Amber Smith can be reached at amber.smith@theledger.com or 863-422-6800.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     April 20, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

INVESTIGATORS TOOK INSURANCE MONEY;
THE INDUSTRY HAS DONATED TO THE DEMOCRAT LAWMAKERS AND A.G. LEADING THE PROBE
INTO QUACKENBUSH DEALINGS

BYLINE: Scott Lindlaw

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 597 words


SACRAMENTO The elected officials investigating Insurance Commissioner Chuck
Quackenbush's oversight of insurance companies have, like him, collected tens of
thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from the industry.

Two Democratic legislators who have accepted insurance company donations are
specifically examining whether such contributions affected enforcement actions
by Quackenbush, a Republican.

Assembly Insurance Committee Chairman Jack Scott, who is planning to question
Quackenbush on a wide array of enforcement matters at an April 27 hearing, has
received at least $83,000 in campaign donations from the insurance industry
since January 1999.

Senate Insurance Committee Chairwoman Jackie Speier is investigating the
donations and Quackenbush's decision to allow insurance companies to donate to
nonprofit foundations instead of paying large fines for mishandling Northridge
earthquake claims.

Speier, D-Daly City, accepted at least $44,000 last year from insurance industry
sources, according to a review by the Associated Press.

Speier publicly has expressed an interest in the commissioner's job.

The donations to Speier and Scott, D-Altadena, raise questions about whether
they can fairly evaluate Quackenbush's actions, said Quackenbush spokesman Dan
Edwards.

"It certainly seems to strike at their credibility," Edwards said. "It's the
height of hypocrisy to question donations and their impact, when they chair the
committees that pass the laws that the commissioner implements."

In 1999, Quackenbush collected at least $345,000 from insurance interests he
regulates. On several occasions, he took actions favorable to the corporate
donors around the same time the checks came in. Quackenbush denies any
connection between the two.

Attorney General Bill Lockyer, a Democrat, is investigating whether the
nonprofit California Research and Assistance Fund properly spent money it
received in lieu of fines for the mishandling of Northridge claims.

Lockyer received at least $44,500 in contributions from the insurance industry
last year.

The fund was intended to finance education and research. But its spending so far
has included $3 million for public service TV ads featuring Quackenbush, $1.1
million for public service ads starring Los Angeles Laker Shaquille O'Neal and
$500,000 for the Urban League of Sacramento.

Several insurers who gave to the California Research and Assistance Fund
contributed to the commissioner's campaign last year, including $50,000 from
Allstate, $5,000 from 21st Century and $20,000 from Fireman's Fund. The Fair
Political Practices Commission is examining the role and propriety of the
Quackenbush donations.

The same companies donated to the officials who are now investigating
Quackenbush.

Fireman's Fund gave Lockyer $5,000, Speier $3,000 and Scott, $5,500. Allstate
gave Lockyer $6,000 and Speier $1,000. Speier received $1,000 from 21st Century.

Representatives of Lockyer, Scott and Speier said insurance industry donations
do not affect their impartiality.

While Scott and Speier play crucial roles in analyzing and writing laws that
affect insurance companies, they do not enforce the laws as Quackenbush does,
their aides point out.

"When you're making decisions that will directly impact a particular company, I
don't believe there's any parallel at all with a legislator who accepts campaign
contributions from insurance companies," said Richard Steffen, staff director of
the Senate Insurance Committee.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP
Photo 1, Speier mug; Photo 2, Quackenbush mug.

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday

Delayed, stranded flights: passengers protest ill planning by PIA management

BYLINE:  IQBAL MIRZA

SECTION: Vol. XLVI No. 350

LENGTH: 957  words


Passengers strongly protested against the ill planning of PIA management when
PIA delayed flights stranded around 1,100 passengers at the European airports
while only 100 passengers, without their luggage, were adjusted to two other
flights.

Sources in the airline said that disruption and delays at different European
destinations due to bad weather were a matter of fact but the gross mishandling
of transit passengers and non-provision of hotel and other facilities were the
root cause of passengers' anger.

PIA flights, including flight PK 758/ 18 December, PK 7580/ 20 December, 786/18
December and 786/20 December, were delayed, causing inconvenience to Pakistani
passengers, while the flight PK 785 was diverted to Paris, instead of London,
which arrived at London Stansted airport on December 21.

Although European airports now are fully operational and have opened for
international flights handling, PIA had cancelled its flight PK 757-758
Lahore-London-Lahore, flights PK 785-786 Islamabad-London-Islamabad, PK 789 from
Karachi to Toronto, PK 737 Islamabad-Frankfurt, PK7O1 Islamabad-Manchester PK
753 Riyadh and PK 3459 was delayed by 2 to 11 hours.

Source said that PIA flights which landed in London were delayed two days due to
bad weather while their luggage was transported to London after one day later
which caused additional trouble to the passengers. PIA may face legal
proceedings after severe mishandling of passengers of its Europe-bound flights,
which were diverted to cities other than destinations due to bad weather.

Sources said that a flight, PK 771-772, from Lahore on December 19 via
Copenhagen-Oslo, was delayed by 1-5 hours but since the passengers had seen PIA
engineers working on the engine of the plane in severe weather and snowfall,
they did not protest; rather they understood the situation and praised the PIA
engineers for working in such severe weather.

PK 757 on December 18 to London from Lahore was diverted to Cologne, Germany,
where PIA does not have an office and thus the passengers, on arrival, were
handled by an agent who did not bother much about their facilitation. Those who
had European passports were taken to hotels while the unfortunate ones, with
Pakistani passports, were not allowed to leave the transit lounge, which was not
a comfortable place to spend at least 2 nights till 5 am on December 20, when
PIA staff reached from Frankfurt and started transit visa procedures.

A flight, from Islamabad to Birmingham, reached after being diverted to
Frankfurt, but could not take off, as fuel was not supplied in time. PK 785, to
London from Islamabad, which was diverted to Paris on December 18, also became a
pain for its passengers when some of them were given hotel while many were left
stranded.

Sources said that it was not only the weather which came down hard on Pakistanis
travelling to Europe by the national flag carrier but also the usual
inefficiency in crew planning. A flight, PK 701, on December 19 with
approximately 180 passengers on board, took off from Islamabad but secretly
planned to have a technical stopover at Istanbul to change cockpit crew whose
limit of flying in a day was to exceed the prescribed limit, had it continued to
London, as separate crew was assigned at Istanbul to take this flight further.
However, unfortunately for PIA, the aircraft showed a technical fault for which
the pilot diverted it to Karachi, against management's order to continue the
flight.

After about one and a half hours brief stop at Karachi, the flight reached
Istanbul for crew change but, as London had been closed for air traffic already,
the passengers were taken to transit lounge, while the crew was taken to a hotel
to complete its rest, as the standby crew had reported sick.

The stranded passengers at Istanbul were not allowed to leave the airport, while
there were no proper arrangements to make their stay at Istanbul any
comfortable. The flight from Istanbul was subsequently planned to leave around
midday, Istanbul time, to reach Manchester at around 3 pm local time on December
20, instead of 5 pm December 19.

As a consequence of these delays, the management of the airline, which has a
habit of waking up late in such situations, postponed its flights PK785 from
Islamabad to London, PK 787 Karachi to London on December 19 to December 20, PK
769-770 of December 19 Islamabad Paris Frankfurt and back to December 21 and PK
785 of December 20 to December 21, a step which could have been taken earlier
after receiving weather report. Such mishandling at non-local airports by other
airlines was not reported.

Passengers said that while it is understood that weather is a natural phenomenon
where airlines are not responsible for such situations, handling and
facilitation are a field where the national flag carrier has proved to be a
typical careless organisation just like the government which does not give a
damn about what the nation is going through. They said that "while we did not
have anything to feed to our children, especially the infants, the airline
bosses were sleeping in their homes' comfort whose expenses are paid by the
tickets we purchase".

Other foreign carriers were doing everything possible to provide as much comfort
to their passengers as possible. In the same lounge, the passengers said, it was
visible that airline's staff were providing blankets and edibles to their
passengers when their flights were delayed or diverted due to weather.

The aircraft parking charges, hotel and refreshment provided to passengers,
extra fuel and disruption in other schedules, etc are some of the factors
costing dearly to the already cash strapped airline which could have avoided the
loss by postponing the flights to these severe weather destinations.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday

Trial halted as defense calls for hearing when questions arise over mishandling
of evidence in Archilta murder case

BYLINE: Cass Rains, Enid News and Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


Dec. 5--An evidentiary hearing has been scheduled for Monday in the murder trial
of a man accused of beating two women to death in July 2007 after discovery of
further evidence.

Oklahoma Indigent Defense System attorney Gary Henry, who is representing
Rudarty Redbone Archilta Sr. on two counts of first-degree murder, asked the
court to hold the hearing before the trial continues. He is claiming negligence
and mishandling of evidence.

Assistant District Attorney Mike Fields announced to the court at 6:30 p.m.
Thursday two investigative reports written by former Capt. Randy West, who now
is retired, were discovered. Fields also said two pages of field notes taken by
Police Chief Rick West also were found that night.

He said the two reports were not part of the state's case file and were turned
over to the defense Friday morning before the trial resumed.

A similar discovery of an Oklahoma State Bureau of Investi-gation report was
made Wednesday night and was presented to the defense before court resumed
Thursday morning.

The trial entered recess before lunch Thursday to allow the prosecution and
defense time to review the items listed in the report, which are kept by Enid
Police Department.

It was during that time Henry said further evidence was discovered, some of
which was testified to have been seized, and he and an associate were denied
access to another OSBI report bearing Archilta's name.

"We asked in April to see the evidence and we were not shown that backpack," he
said. "I can only presume this was the backpack testified to by David White."

White testified for the prosecution Tuesday. He was inside the home of
56-year-old Beaulah Roye Hodges and 32-year-old Pamela Jean LeClair at 1311 S.
Jefferson July 18, 2007, when he said Archilta broke out the window of the home
and chased LeClair as he left on his bicycle.

Henry said when he discovered the backpack it contained clothes and socks.

The notes discovered in an envelope had been entered into evidence only a month
ago, Henry said.

The notes pertained to an interview with neighbor Nadine White, who testified
during Archilta's preliminary hearing but has since passed away. He said the
information in the field notes was never contained in any reports given to the
defense.

"That information was never investigated and clearly we were never able to
investigate," Henry said. "It is clearly unfixable because Nadine White is
dead."

Henry also said the defense received information Capt. Randy West was instructed
by Chief Rick West to alter a report.

Henry also said a second OSBI report bearing Archil-ta's name was taken from
him, but he did not say who prevented him from looking at the report.

"As I picked it up from the table it was taken from me," he said. Henry said he
never learned what the contents of the report were.

"Either through gross negligence and incompetence or efforts were made by the
Enid Police Depart-ment to secret away, conceal, cover or hide evidence that
might be exculpatory evidence," Henry said. "Either way, both of them stink."

He said some of the problems could be fixed, but he did not know if all the
problems could be fixed.

"In 25 years, I've never had to do this," Henry told the court. "I've never seen
anything like this in my entire life."

Associate District Judge Tom Newby, who is hearing the non-jury trial, ordered
the trial to recess until an evidentiary hearing could be held, which he
scheduled for 9 a.m. Monday.

"I have an expectation that even if there was a resolution over the weekend I
would be liberal with time for the defense," Newby said. "The information in
Enid Police Department files, wherever it may be, is going to be open for
inspection."

Rick West said he was not obliged to fully discuss the details of the issues
raised by Henry Friday morning.

"It's my understanding they have made certain allegations regarding evidentiary
issues and reports and the judge has granted an evidentiary hearing on behalf of
the defense's allegations," he said. "The judge, based upon the testimony of
those witnesses related to this issue, will make a decision based upon the
validity of those allegations by the defense."

To see more of the Enid News & Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enidnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Enid News and Eagle, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20091205-EK-Trial-halted-as-defense-calls-for-hearing-when-questions-arise-over-
mishandling-of-evidence-in-Archilta-murder-case-1205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                                 Copyright 2009


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 25, 2000

Judge grants bail to Los Alamos spy suspect: Security plea ignored after FBI
admits hiding result of polygraph test

BYLINE: Martin Kettle in Washington

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages, Pg. 13

LENGTH: 639 words


The US government suffered a humiliating setback yesterday in its attempts to
prosecute a Chinese-American scientist for security lapses at the Los Alamos
nuclear laboratories last year, when a court agreed to free the man, Wen Ho Lee,
on Dollars 1m bail.

The decision by Judge James Parker in Albuquerque was a remarkable snub to the
federal government, which argued in court last week that "hundreds of millions
of people" would be at risk if Mr Lee was allowed bail. He faces 59 separate
charges of mishandling government secrets.

Mr Lee is at the centre of the scandal which erupted early last year at the Los
Alamos laboratories in New Mexico after the discovery of major security breaches
which were linked to the Chinese government. He denies spying for Beijing and
investigators have apparently given up attempts to charge him with espionage
rather than mishandling secrets.

"I conclude that there now is a combination of conditions that will reasonably
assure the appearance of Lee as required and the safety of the community and the
nation," Judge Parker said in his ruling.

Mr Lee was not immediately freed. The judge set a hearing for next Tuesday on
the conditions of his release. Under the judge's proposal, he would have to
remain at home under virtual house arrest, under surveillance and with all his
telephone calls and mail open to inspection. He could leave only in the company
of at least one of his lawyers and would be required to report to the court by
telephone twice a day.

He has been held in solitary confinement for nearly a year as prosecutors
assemble a case against him after the discovery that he downloaded on to disk
weapons data from top secret computers in the laboratories. But the attempt to
prosecute him has become increasingly controversial because there is no
allegation that he passed any secrets to a foreign power.

Federal prosecutors have presented the case as one of the most serious security
breaches in modern US history, but the case has become shaky after it emerged in
court last week that the FBI ignored the results of a lie detector test
favourable to Mr Lee's denials.

Assistant US attorney George Stamboulidis told the bail hearing last week that
Mr Lee would be in a position to assist another country's nuclear programme, if
he was bailed. "The breadth of the potential harm is so great that even a
reduced risk is too great to take that gamble," he said. "Hundreds of millions
of people could be killed."

But there were signs earlier this week that Judge Parker was moving towards a
less apocalyptic view, when he allowed the American Civil Liberties Union and
the Asian Law Caucus to have a formal standing in the hearing. Both groups say
Mr Lee, who was born in Taiwan, was singled out because of ethnic profiling,
rather than the facts.

Defence lawyers claim he is being prosecuted because he is ethnic Chinese, and
have asked for access to what they say is evidence that Los Alamos officials
have discriminated against Chinese-Americans because of their ethnic background.

"If the government has nothing to hide, then it can dispel the spectre of racism
that has haunted this case from the outset," an ACLU lawyer, Lucas Guttentag,
said this week.

Mr Lee's lawyer, Mark Holscher, told the court last week that there was "no
evidence that Lee has the political motivation, financial motivation or the
destructive intent" to do anything harmful with the material he is accused of
downloading.

During the hearings, an FBI agent, Robert Messemer, admitted that Mr Lee had
passed non-FBI lie detector tests the existence of which were not disclosed to
the court at earlier hearings. Mr Messemer said Mr Lee had scored some of the
highest possible marks for credibility when he took a polygraph test early on in
the furore.


LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 3, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

DFACS chief is suspended;
 Mismanagement of Fulton office alleged in wake of boy's death, GBI probe.

BYLINE: Ron Martz, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 761 words

The head of the county child protective agency accused of mishandling one of the
cases that resulted in the death of a child and set off a state investigation
has been targeted for firing unless he can convince state officials he was not
negligent or insubordinate.

Ralph Mitchell, longtime director of the Fulton County Department of Family and
Children Services, the largest such office in the state, was informed Monday in
a seven-page letter from state DFACS director Juanita Blount-Clark of the
charges against him.

Mitchell, who makes about $ 107,000 a year, was suspended with pay pending his
decision on whether to seek a hearing before Audrey Horne, commissioner of the
state Department of Human Resources, whose agency oversees state DFACS
operations.

It was Mitchell who publicly exonerated his staff of any blame in the death of
5-year-old Terrell Peterson although he was aware of a scathing state report and
two internal memos that blamed his office for mishandling the case.

Terrell died in January 1998 after he and his siblings had been the subject of
eight reports to DFACS alleging neglect and abuse. The boy's grandmother, his
aunt and the aunt's boyfriend have been charged in his death.

Blount-Clark's letter said the responses of the Fulton County office in the
Peterson case, with one exception, "were severely mismanaged and . . .
negligently handled by the assigned staff."

The Peterson case and four others handled by the Fulton office were subjects of
a larger GBI probe into the deaths of children in the care of the child
protective agency in six counties. The GBI has closed 10 of the 13 cases without
filing criminal charges. The GBI has not disclosed whether any of the Fulton
County cases are still open.

Blount-Clark said the department's charges and evidence against Mitchell "
demonstrate repeated, significant and willful neglect of your duties and
responsibilities as Fulton County DFCS Administrator and County Director."

Mitchell, who has been on medical leave since November, could not be reached for
comment and did not respond to telephone messages left at his home.

He can appeal the proposed firing if he chooses in a May 25 hearing before Horne
and an administrative law judge. According to Blount-Clark's letter, Horne will
have the final decision on Mitchell's fate.

Peter Lee, DHR spokesman, said neither Horne nor Blount-Clark could comment
further on the case because it is a pending personnel matter. Lee also said no
decision has been made on whether a new director will be named if Mitchell is
fired.

Fulton County DFACS is the state's largest with more than 1,300 employees and an
annual budget of more than $ 105.6 million.

Fulton County DFACS became the subject of intense criticism from legislators and
advocates for children after a series of stories in the Journal-Constitution
last fall detailing shortcomings in the agency and Terrell's death.

"There are going to be several people from the state staff to manage the
day-to-day operations of the office" until the case is resolved, Lee said. They
will be supervised by Beverly Jones, recently hired as a special field
coordinator to oversee Fulton County DFACS.

Rep. Sharon Trense (R-Atlanta), a longtime critic of the Fulton office, said
replacing Mitchell is "just one small piece that needs to be done statewide. A
lot more needs to be done."

Trense was the primary author of a bill signed recently by Gov. Roy Barnes that
gives Horne more authority in hiring and firing county DFACS directors.
Previously that had been reserved for county DFACS boards and the governor.

Although the bill will not become law until July 1, DHR officials said Horne
could fire Mitchell for cause before then.

If Mitchell is fired, it will be for cause, according to Blount-Clark. That
means he will not be eligible for involuntary separation benefits under the
Employees Retirement System of Georgia, Blount-Clark said in the letter,
possibly significantly reducing his pension.

Mitchell, who reportedly was planning to retire in December with 30 years' state
service, could have received about 70 percent of his base state salary (which
excludes county supplements) of $ 88,100, or about $ 61,670 a year for life if
he were eligible for involuntary separation benefits and if they were approved
by the retirement system. If he is fired for cause, his pension could drop to
about 55 percent of his salary, according to Jim Larche, deputy director of the
Employees Retirement System. That would amount to about $ 48, 400 a year.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Ralph Mitchell can appeal to the state commissioner of human resources. / RICH
ADDICKS / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 29, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CHARITY BEGINS AT HOME

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 383 words


The vote by the United Way of Greater St. Louis to reduce its dues to the
national chapter isn't a protest of the egregious mishandling of funds by the
former chief of the parent organization. Nevertheless, merely by cutting its
dues, the local United Way sends a strong message to the parent body and, more
important, to the public.  Gloria Ross, spokeswoman for the local United Way,
stresses that the local chapter has its own fiscal controls and that it wants
the money raised here to stay here. Local financial control has become a buzz
word among United Way chapters in the wake of the flagrant mismanagement of the
United Way of America's resources by former president William Aramony, who has
since quit in disgrace.  Ms. Ross says the dues were cut because the national
body reduced its budget to about $22 million for 1992, compared to $29 million
in 1991. This national group's decision to pare expenses is directly related to
Mr. Aramony's mishandling of funds. He funneled millions of dollars into outside
enterprises he controlled and squandered money on travel and other personal
expenses.  These disclosures tainted whatever good he had done for United Way.
Most of the 1,400 local United Way groups promptly quit paying national dues
once they learned of Mr. Aramony's conduct. The United Way in St.  Louis,
however, was among those that did not hold back on dues. The St. Louis chapter
paid about $493,000 in dues in 1991. It voted last week to cut its dues by about
$95,000 for this year. The local chapter obviously feels that the money sent to
the national body is well spent because it provides many useful services,
ranging from national publicity to seminars on management and fund-raising
techniques.  The acting head of the national United Way, Kenneth Dam, says
reforms following Mr. Aramony's resignation will help the group ''close the book
on the past.'' But local chapters won't easily forget. By refusing to withhold
support for the national chapter, the St. Louis United Way signaled that it
wasn't willing to throw out the baby with the bath water. But its selective cut
of dues sends a strong message that the national organization can expect local
support only so long as it manages its resources wisely and avoids repeating Mr.
Aramony's mistakes.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Hermantown insurance businessmen face charges of mishandling clients' money

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


Mar. 24--The Minnesota Department of Commerce announced Tuesday that it has
charged a father-son insurance team in Hermantown with allegedly
misappropriating, withholding or converting funds totaling more than $2.3
million while operating their business.

A hearing to determine whether Duane Wolff and Douglas Wolff, former owners and
operators of Wolff Agency Inc. in Hermantown, committed the alleged violations
and should receive disciplinary action has been scheduled for April 9 at the
Office of Administrative Hearings in St. Paul.

The Wolffs couldn't be reached for comment.

According to an investigation conducted by the Department of Commerce, the
Wolffs allegedly failed to repay premium loans and/or return premium refunds to
Universal Premium Finance Corp.

The Wolff Agency used UPFC as the financing company for clients who paid their
insurance premiums in installments rather than in full. Between Jan. 9, 2008,
and May 20, 2009, the Wolff Agency allegedly issued 69 checks to UPFC totaling
about $350,000 that were returned for nonsufficient funds.

In November 2007, Wolff allegedly submitted a financing agreement on behalf of
one of its customers to First Insurance Funding Corp. FIFC forwarded the funds
to the Wolff Agency, but no premium was paid to FIFC, nor was any money returned
to FIFC, the commerce department alleges.

Wolff entered into a promissory note with FIFC for $329,810 for the purpose of
repaying the funds FIFC forwarded to the agency. Wolff defaulted on the note.

In September 2005, the agency obtained two lines of credit totaling $700,000
from Beacon Bank in Duluth. Wolff withdrew undisclosed funds from the lines of
credit, then defaulted on the loans.

As a result of a judgment obtained by the bank in January, all of the Wolff
Agency's assets have been turned over to the bank, which is currently running
the agency.

Debra Demianiuk, senior vice president of business banking for Beacon Bank,
issued a statement Tuesday afternoon saying that the St. Louis County District
Court awarded control and possession of all assets of Wolff Agency Inc. to
Beacon Bank on Feb. 8.

"Principals of the agency, Duane Wolff and Douglas Wolff, are no longer employed
at the agency, but key personnel have been retained," Demianiuk said in her
statement. "Beacon Bank has hired Cartier Agency to professionally manage the
insurance contracts and accounts until Beacon Bank is able to complete a sale or
other orderly transfer of the agency's assets."

The Minnesota Department of Commerce is charged with licensing and regulating
the insurance, banking, securities, mortgage and real estate industries in
Minnesota.

When a commerce department investigator visited the Wolff Agency in June, Duane
Wolff insisted he didn't know what happened to a particular file an investigator
asked about. After Beacon Bank took control of the business, bank
representatives found the file in Duane Wolff's refrigerator.

To see more of the Duluth News Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.duluthnewstribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Duluth News Tribune,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100324-DU-Hermantown-insurance-businessmen-face-charges-of-mishandling
-clients-money-0324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2010 Duluth News-Tribune


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

Classified unsecured

BYLINE: Jennifer Rubin

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 982 words


On Tuesday, FBI Director James Comey decided against referring Hillary Clinton's
e mail server case for prosecution, while also eviscerating her serial
misstatements concerning her actions.

Comey's most important comments were these:

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of the classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information."

"Extremely careless" is an awkward phrase for a law enforcement officer. It's
not a phrase found in criminal statutes. There is, however, a phrase very
similar that appears in a federal statute, Section 793(f) of Title 18
prohibiting transfer of classified materials to unsecured places:

"Whoever, being entrusted with or having lawful possession or control of any
document, writing, code book, signal book, sketch, photograph, photographic
negative, blueprint, plan, map, model, instrument, appliance, note, or
information, relating to the national defense, (1) through gross negligence
permits the same to be removed from its proper place of custody or delivered to
anyone in violation of his trust, or to be lost, stolen, abstracted, or
destroyed, or (2) having knowledge that the same has been illegally removed from
its proper place of custody or delivered to anyone in violation of its trust, or
lost, or stolen, abstracted, or destroyed, and fails to make prompt report of
such loss, theft, abstraction, or destruction to his superior officer

"Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than ten years, or
both."

You see, it is not enough to say, as Comey did, that Clinton did not intend to
violate the law. So long as she acted with "gross negligence" the law was
broken. So wait. Comey is saying she acted with extreme carelessness but not
gross negligence? Essentially yes. It would be interesting to hear his
explanation as to how she would be extremely careless but not grossly negligent.
It's such a fine line, many would argue, as to be invisible.

Comey's comments give additional insight into his thinking: "Although there is
evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding the handling of
classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would
bring such a case." Perhaps that is grudging acknowledgment that her actions do
fit within the letter of 793(f).

He argues against prosecution, explaining:

"There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially
regarding intent. Responsible decisions also consider the context of a person's
actions, and how similar situations have been handled in the past.

"In looking back at our investigations into mishandling or removal of classified
information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing criminal charges
on these facts. All the cases prosecuted involved some combination of: clearly
intentional and willful mishandling of classified information; or vast
quantities of materials exposed in such a way as to support an inference of
intentional misconduct; or indications of disloyalty to the United States; or
efforts to obstruct justice. We do not see those things here."

Basically, he is saying the federal government has not prosecuted anyone for
gross negligence and they are not about to now. It would have been far more
"transparent," to use Comey's word, to say just that: She violated the statute
through gross negligence but we choose not to prosecute. Such an answer would
have avoided much of the grumbling on the right and may have even been well
advised. We actually do require a high level of proof for prosecuting high
government officials so as to avoid politicized harassment of public officials.
Call that a double standard of justice, but frankly it's one with which
investigators and prosecutors are very familiar.

We therefore have an odd result. We and many other conservatives who complained
that she lied by claiming no classified materials were sent; that she destroyed
some work related documents along with personal e mails; that her Rube Goldberg
arrangement had nothing to do with "convenience" (as the discovery of multiple
servers reveals); and that she handled materials in a manner in which "it is
possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's personal e
mail account" were vindicated. Despite Comey's parsing, it is also clear her
conduct would likely meet the legal definition of "grossly negligent." And yet
her liberal defenders correctly predicted there would be no indictment.

Put differently, Comey was not willing to set new prosecutorial precedent by
indicting someone on the eve of receiving her party's nomination. (If only
former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell's prosecutors had shown similar restraint in
declining to concoct a whole new definition of "official act" to undertake their
unprecedented prosecution.) It's not a result likely to satisfy legal
literalists, but it might have been a judicious resolution. Comey has painted
her as a liar and a faithless public servant. Voters can render their own
decision.

As unseemly as this all is, the episode only underscores the utter stupidity of
Republicans. By selecting Donald Trump they found the one person whose defeat
may be more essential than Clinton's to the health of the republic. The
delegates at the Republican National Convention should keep this in mind as they
exercise or refuse to exercise their own discretion. If they rubber stamp their
primary voters, Clinton in all likelihood will win despite her egregious
conduct. If they choose virtually any qualified alternative, Republicans very
likely could win the presidency. Comey wasn't going to take Clinton out of the
election, but the delegates have the chance to prevent her from reaching the
Oval Office if only they select a nominee less horrendous than Trump.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo-illustration by Jeff Neumann, The Denver Post; photos: Thinkstock
by Getty Images
FBI Director James Comey testifies before the House Oversight and Government
Reform Committee hearing in Washington, D.C., on Thursday. Comey recommended
that no charges be brought over Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail server
while secretary of state. Yuri Gripas, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

ROTTEN LAWYERS FACE RAFT OF RAPS IN RIPOFFS

BYLINE: BY WILLIAM SHERMAN DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; SPECIAL REPORT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1300 words


MEET SOME of New York's lousiest lawyers.

One spent $131,000 of his clients' money on vacations, jewelry, lingerie and
home improvement.

Another charged 76 clients $11,500 each for filing a simple application that
should have cost no more than $700.

And a third deceived an elderly couple into investing their life savings -
$222,000 - in a suspect real estate deal.

All three lawyers are among the scores of attorneys cited for misconduct last
year by judges of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court. None has been
disbarred.

Individual client losses range from as little as $500 to more than $6 million,
according to cases ruled on last year.

"The elderly and immigrants are among those preyed upon by some attorneys, but
there are plenty of wealthy victims and businessmen as well," said Thomas
Cahill, chief counsel for the Disciplinary Committee of the division's 1st
Department, which covers Manhattan and the Bronx.

The public record of the court's discipline begins with censure, a reprimand
that goes on the lawyer's record but does not prohibit the lawyer from
practicing.

One attorney censured last year was Ronald Sims, of Hackettstown, N.J., who was
cited for "repeatedly touching and pinching his secretary's buttocks, attempting
to kiss her, and grabbing her hand and hip," according to court documents.

Sims declined to return telephone calls.

"Some of the lawyers we come across are in a state of denial," said Cahill, who
is the chief prosecutor of attorney misconduct in Manhattan and the Bronx.

"We hear all kinds of excuses for their actions. Pre-traumatic stress syndrome
was one. Of course that's impossible, but I'm not kidding. Another lawyer said,
'I got depressed because I found out I was adopted late in life,' and he had a
therapist come in and testify that he was severely depressed," said Cahill.

But invariably, Cahill said, greed, gambling or substance abuse are the major
causes of severe misconduct by lawyers.

"I have heard the 'Park Ave.' or 'Great Neck' defense, where they say they
needed the money to maintain a certain lifestyle," said Cahill.

His office, which polices the 76,777 lawyers in Manhattan and the Bronx, has a
staff that includes 20 full-time attorneys, many of whom are former prosecutors,
investigators, an accountant and paralegals.

It handles about 3,500 matters a year in a complex process that begins with
screening of complaints.

Out of that total, however, only a small number result in penalties for
attorneys, not because the office is lax, but rather because many consumer
complaints fall outside its mandate.

The Daily News reviewed the records of some 300 disciplinary proceedings.

Most ripoffs by attorneys involve theft from escrow accounts and trusts and
estates or billing for work that wasn't done, according to an analysis by the
state Lawyers Fund for Client Protection.

"In a real estate practice you have large pools of money in your accounts at
various times, and some lawyers dip their hands in," said Steven Krane, a former
president of the state Bar Association.

Here are some of the lousiest of the lousy:

Money mess

Frank DeGrasse, 46, of North Salem, with offices in Westchester County and the
Bronx, is accused of mishandling a divorce matter, mishandling escrow money,
commingling funds, negligence in real estate matters, and failure to pay taxes.

Investigators found DeGrasse also improperly deposited clients' escrow money in
his personal account, and spent $131,000 at gas stations, Circuit City, The
Athlete's Foot, restaurants, gym clubs, Home Depot, Frederick's of Hollywood and
Bailey Banks & Biddle, a jewelry store.

"I went to him for an uncontested divorce. I paid him $500," said Tawanna
Arnold, of Newburgh, Orange County. "He didn't follow through. Then I went to
his office, sat there and waited for him. I called him a lot of times, but he
never showed up and never returned the calls."

DeGrasse has not responded to phone calls, letters or subpoenas from the
Disciplinary Committee. On Nov. 9, he was suspended from practice.

Last month, in a separate matter, DeGrasse pleaded guilty in Suffolk County
Supreme Court to participating in a $750,000 mortgage scam.

'Shocking disregard'

Barry Spiegler, 67, of New City, Rockland County, was suspended from practice on
Aug. 3 pending further disciplinary proceedings. He allegedly misappropriated
$27,000 in estate funds in one case and did no work for a $10,000 fee in
another.

Spiegler has a "shocking disregard for the judicial system" and "threatens the
public interest," the Appellate Court judges wrote. He still hasn't responded to
the Disciplinary Committee nor did he return phone calls from The News.

Corner of conflict

Over a four-year period, Suzanne Drysdale, 40, of Flatbush Ave., Brooklyn,
represented approximately 200 clients buying real estate. In what the Appellate
Court judges called "an impermissible conflict of interest," she had her clients
buy title services at a company next door that she also owned. Drysdale declined
comment.

Jewel of the guile

Lawrence Newman, 60, with offices on Third Ave., in Manhattan, specialized in
recovering money on claims filed with insurance companies. He had many clients
in the Diamond District, including Rakesh Barmecha, who complained to the
Disciplinary Committee that Newman owed him $127,000, part of an insurance claim
payment in escrow for gems that were stolen.

A committee audit of a relevant 10 months' activity in Newman's escrow account
showed "disbursements totalling more than $1.3 million, the majority of which
($1 million) were checks issued by respondent to himself." But apparently there
was no money for Barmecha.

In the end, investigators found "uncontested evidence of misappropriation of
$320,000." On Oct. 10, Newman was suspended pending further action by the court.

Newman declined comment. Meanwhile, Barmecha said eventually he got his $127,000
in a complicated arrangement. "But it cost me $25,000 to get what was owed me.
Believe me, it was a learning experience," he said.

Clients left high and dry

Linda Stanch, 53, formerly of Manhattan, now living somewhere in the Midwest,
worked as an attorney for the city Corporation Counsel's office and then opened
her own practice. In 2003, she ran unsuccessfully for Manhattan Civil Court
judge in the Democratic primary.

On Oct. 17, Stanch was suspended from practice after telling the Disciplinary
Committee she abandoned six clients because she was "the victim of stalking and
harassment by an ex-boyfriend whom she feared could still harm her," according
to court documents.

She also said that she had been "diagnosed with depression and anxiety."

For months - even while she still lived in Manhattan - she had ignored the
committee's phone calls, letters and subpoenas. Finally, she wrote the committee
that her mother had bought her a plane ticket so she could leave town with her
children.

wsherman@nydailynews.com

PIZZA SHOP OWNERS SAY LAWYER TOOK A BIG SLICE

CHASE CARO, 48, of White Plains, who practices in Manhattan and Westchester
County, represented Frank and Francesca Salvi when they sold their restaurant,
Francesca Pizza and Pasta, in Shrub Oak.

The price was $354,900, but the Salvis didn't get the money. Instead, Caro
deposited $319,000 of the funds into his business account, according to a
Disciplinary Committee investigation. Another check for the remaining $35,900,
is still being traced.

The probe, which led to Caro's suspension, also found he deposited $470,143.05
into his business account from the sale of a Peekskill home owned by Herbert
Newkirk, 70.

Newkirk received a worthless check.

"It bounced," said Newkirk, a widower. "Insufficient funds. Caro didn't do
anything but swindle me."

"One third of my practice is pro bono," Caro said. "I'm sure when I get my
chance to put my side of the story out, I'll be exonerated."

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Widower Herbert Newkirk holds the rubber check he got from lawyer Chase
Caro (inset). Photo by Jonathan Fredin Clients of Brooklyn real estate lawyer
Suzanne Drysdale just had to go next door for title services - to firm she owns.
Photo by Aaron Showalter

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FRONT PAGE; SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 23, 2015 Thursday 10:18 PM GMT

David Petraeus sentenced to probation for sharing classified information;
Former US army general and CIA director fined $100,000 - $60,000 more than
expected - after pleading guilty to leaking information to biographer and lover

BYLINE: Nicky Woolf in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 727 words


David Petraeus, the retired US army general and former CIA director responsible
for the development of the hugely influential "counter-insurgency" strategy used
in Iraq and Afghanistan, was sentenced on Thursday to two years' probation and
ordered to pay a fine of $100,000 for sharing highly classified information with
his lover and biographer, Paula Broadwell.

The fine was $60,000 more than had been expected under the terms of a plea deal;
the two years' probation was as expected.

Outside the courthouse following his sentencing, Petraeus gave a short statement
to the press in which he apologised "to those closest to me, and many others,
including those with whom I was privileged to serve with in the military".

He also thanked those who have supported him since the scandal broke in 2012.
"In particular my family," he said, "[and] former military colleagues, veterans
... and those who I have worked with in the private sector."

Having avoided jail time, he said he was looking forward to moving on with the
next phase of his life, "and continuing to serve our great nation as a private
citizen".

Petraeus pleaded guilty in March in a federal court in Charlotte, North
Carolina, to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified information. Under
the terms of his plea deal, he escaped possible jail time and an embarrassing
public trial.

He was easily the most influential US military figure of the post-9/11 era.
While serving as commanding general of Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and the US
combined arms training center there, Petraeus masterminded an update the army's
field manual on counterinsurgency strategy - usually shortened to COIN.

In doing so, he introduced a host of revolutionary ideas into US military
operational doctrine - a collection of principles which later became known
simply as the "Petraeus doctrine".

Related: Petraeus leaks: Obama's leniency reveals 'profound double standard',
lawyer says

Later, in Iraq, Petraeus was able to put his ideas into practice in the field,
when he was placed in command of multinational forces during the 2007 surge -
which he was key in helping to orchestrate.

Petraeus also served as commander of US central command, and then commander of
the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan before retiring from
the army.

He retired a four-star general - the highest nominal rank in the US army - and
was unanimously confirmed as CIA director in October 2011.

But in 2012, personal affairs overtook his career when it emerged that he had
been involved in a long-running affair with Paula Broadwell, a married academic
and army reserve officer who had been writing a biography of Petraeus, titled
All In: The Education of General David Petraeus.

The affair was discovered after Jill Kelley, a Florida socialite, was sent
threatening messages from an anonymous email account in May. She notified a
friend who worked at the FBI, who traced the emails to Broadwell.

The affair did not become public until after the presidential election in
November, when Petraeus tendered his resignation to the White House. Obama later
accepted his offer of resignation.

But the saga wasn't over. After Petraeus resigned, it emerged that Broadwell had
been given a set of eight notebooks which contained classified information -
including codewords and military strategy - by the general.

Initially Petraeus lied to investigators, saying that following his resignation
from the CIA he had no classified documents in his possession. However, an FBI
search of the general's house in April 2013 found the notebooks in an unlocked
drawer in his study.

Petraeus, who currently works for New York investment firm Kohlberg Kravis
Roberts & Co as a consultant, pleaded guilty in March to the misdemeanour charge
of mishandling classified materials.

Other leaks of classified information have led to heavy sentences. Chelsea
Manning, who leaked a trove of classified documents to WikiLeaks, was sentenced
to 35 years by a military court in August 2013. Stephen Kim, a former State
Department official, was sentenced to 13 months in prison the same year after
pleading guilty to discussing a classified report with a Fox News reporter in
2009.

Manning, Kim and Petraeus were all prosecuted under the same act - Title 18 of
the US code, known as the Espionage Act.

Lawyers representing Petraeus did not respond to a request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

Hospital has new sewage problem | Leak in May had triggered inspection that
revealed 13 violations

BYLINE: Emily Le Coz

SECTION: A; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 751 words


VENICE

Venice Regional Bayfront Health, which already faces mounting public distrust
and loss of federal funding after its mishandling of a May sewage leak, suffered
another setback on Saturday when a toilet overflowed in its Intensive Care Unit.

The latest sewage breach forced the hospital to evacuate patients and wall off a
section of the facility, according to an email obtained by the Herald-Tribune.

In that email, sent Monday to medical employees, hospital Chief of Staff Issam
Halaby discussed the evacuation and urged more pressure on the hospital's
corporate owner to fund a new facility.

"I will be organizing a petition to CHS to build a new building," Halaby wrote,
referring to Tennessee-based Community Health Systems, which purchased the
hospital in 2014.

"We have been told repeatedly that a new hospital is not part of the plan, but
that is simply no longer acceptable," Halaby continued. "We have to ramp up the
pressure."

CHS in July allocated $4.3 million to improving aging infrastructure in the
60-year-old facility. The four-story, 312-bed facility dates to 1955 and faces
multiple problems because of its aging infrastructure.

The building itself, though, is sound, said Venice Regional spokesman Bob Hite.

"All indications are that this facility, with continued improvements, can serve
the community well into the future," he said.

Halaby was performing surgery Tuesday and was not available for comment, but
Hite said the staff handled the situation swiftly and without disruption to
patient care. The hospital also voluntarily notified the state Agency for Health
Care Administration and the local health department.

"We immediately cleaned up the water, removed wet baseboards and drywall,
bleached the floors, and disinfected the rooms with ultraviolet treatment," Hite
said. "In an effort to reduce noise disruption for patients, we walled off the
area in which additional drywall work was necessary. We anticipate opening that
room this weekend."

AHCA spokeswoman Shelisha Coleman confirmed the notification. She declined to
provide any additional information or documents, saying the situation is under
review.

It is unclear what, if any, action AHCA will take on the most recent plumbing
problems and whether they are caused by the same sanitary-wipe-clogged pipes
that triggered the May 26th sewage leak.

"All of our inspections are unannounced," Coleman said, "so I can't confirm
whether or not this will trigger a new inspection."

The earlier leak had prompted an ACHA inspection that revealed 13 state and
federal violations resulting in Medicare threatening the termination of the
hospital's agreement and its funding.

Inspectors found that a burst pipe had sent feces-tainted water down the walls
of the second floor post-surgical orthopedic wing and into an elevator. But
instead of adequately cleaning the mess and notifying the proper officials, AHCA
said, the hospital hired a contractor whose work left sanitary wipes and toilet
paper exposed on a wet surface more than one month after the leak.

Venice hospital officials repeatedly have declined to publicly name the
contractor.

Inspectors also noted that no one had reported the leak to the hospital's
director of infection control, no one had notified its quality assurance
committee about it and no one performed an infection control risk assessment nor
done any environmental testing to determine the severity or extent of the leak.

Also during the inspection, which lasted from June 29 through July 2, officials
discovered rats in the ceiling of the back office kitchen and condensation
dripping from the air conditioning system into food prep areas.

Venice Regional since then has scrambled to fix the problems and reassure a
jittery public that the facility is both safe and adequately staffed.

During a Venice City Council meeting on Sept. 8 - just four days before the
toilet overflowed - hospital executives reported having cleaned the raw sewage,
eradicated the rodents and stopped the condensation using some of the $4.3
million CHS allocated immediately after the state inspection.

The funds are part of a total $21 million CHS has invested into Venice hospital
since taking ownership of the facility last year.

Some people remained unconvinced, however, and said the for-profit hospital
faces a long road toward regaining the public's trust.

"I don't think you have a sense," Venice City Councilman Kit McKeon said at the
meeting, "of just how far you have to go to re-establish confidence."

(Fact box available on PDF)

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VENICE Venice Regional Bayfront Health, which already faces mounting
public distrust and loss of federal funding after its mishandling of a May
sewage leak, suffered another setback on Saturday when a toilet overflowed in
its Intensive Care Unit. The latest sewage breach forced the hospital to
evacuate patients and wall off a section of the facility, according to an email
obtained by the Herald-Tribune.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Ferguson, Missouri is not so far from Tottenham and Toxteth

BYLINE: Tim Newburntheguardian.com

LENGTH: 822 words

ABSTRACT

As Mark Duggan's death proved in 2011, distrust of police easily sparks rioting
but there are also key differences with US policing

FULL TEXT

A little over three years ago in north London a young black man, Mark Duggan,
was shot and killed by the police. A series of claims about Duggan's actions,
most subsequently discredited, were quickly in circulation. There followed major
failures in police liaison with Duggan's family, and what was felt to be gross
mishandling of the protests that developed during the 48 hours after the
incident.

As we know, four days of rioting ensued, beginning in Tottenham and then
spreading across much of England. The Guardian and LSE's research, Reading the
Riots, found that beyond the shooting itself, significant alienation among young
people and deep distrust of, and hostility towards, the police were key factors
in the rioting in all the cities in which disorder occurred.

On the surface, much that has happened in the last week in the St Louis suburb
of Ferguson, Missouri, appears to echo the experiences of England in 2011. A
young, apparently unarmed black man, Michael Brown, was shot by a police officer
- a white officer from a predominantly white force. As happened in the Duggan
case, an information war quickly began.

Initially, the police released details, including stills from a surveillance
camera, of a convenience store robbery that had occurred just before the
shooting, suggesting that Brown had been involved. Details of the initial
autopsy on Michael Brown were then made public, including the suggestion that he
had traces of cannabis in his bloodstream. As family and friends had felt in the
Duggan case, it appeared that strenuous efforts were being taken to divert
attention from the shooting itself.

The rioting, though it has not as yet spread beyond Ferguson, has exhibited many
of the elements that were evident in England in 2011: attacks on police, the
looting of local stores, the widespread destruction of property, and complaints
about police harassment.

But to some extent that's where the parallels end. First, Ferguson is centrally
about race in a way that was only partly true of the England riots of 2011. Many
of the English riots were defined at least as much by poverty and disadvantage
as they were about ethnicity. To that extent, Ferguson arguably has stronger
resonances with St Paul's, Brixton, Toxteth and the other British urban
disorders of the 1980s, where predominantly black areas rose up against what had
long been seen as oppressive policing.

What, from a British vantage point, offers the starkest contrast is the pictures
of highly militarised policing in Ferguson. Tear gas, stun grenades, rubber
bullets, camouflage uniforms, armoured cars, assault rifles, shotguns and
automatic weapons have been an almost daily presence on the streets of St Louis.
This drift toward ever-greater militarisation of American policing has been in
evidence for several decades now, but has sped up since 1997 as a result of the
flow of surplus equipment made available by the US defence department.

Another contrast, and further complicating matters in the US, is the
proliferation of police forces - there are thousands compared with only 39 in
England. Ferguson's police department has fewer than 100 officers. Initially
supplemented by officers from neighbouring forces and by the St Louis county
force, a perceived mishandling of the riots led to responsibility being passed,
temporarily, to the Missouri state highway patrol.

Despite some initial successes, widely praised by citizens and professional
police observers, concerns about intensifying violence led the Missouri governor
eventually to call in the Missouri national guard - essentially military
reservists - to police Ferguson. Peace still seems some way off.

As illustrated by the brief interlude in Ferguson last week when the highway
patrol managed briefly to quell the disorder, a combination of firm but
proportionate policing with serious engagement with the community is generally
viewed as holding out the greatest promise of success. Such lessons have been
learned the hard way - from Los Angeles and Cincinnati to Brixton and Toxteth.

In England, the febrile political atmosphere that currently surrounds policing
should give us pause for thought. The spectacle earlier this year of London's
mayor, Boris Johnson, rushing ahead to buy water cannon for use in the capital
before the home secretary had authorised the use of such equipment, is hardly
helpful. The hope should be that our political leaders will show restraint where
policing is concerned.

For all that, there were significant mistakes in the policing of the 2011 riots
- and there was very great criticism of the police from politicians and the
public - the types of over-reaction and escalation that have been so evident in
Ferguson were not generally among them. At the very least we should try to hang
on to that.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

               April 24, 2003 Thursday All-round Country Edition

Symptoms of Chinese sickness

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Ross Terrill

SECTION: FEATURES-TYPE- FEATURE-COLUMN- OP ED; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1213 words


A secretive dictatorship with a long history of mishandling local  crises can't
stop SARS, argues Ross Terrill

BEIJING'S uncertainty towards North Korea's nuclear blackmail, ambivalence over
the Iraq war and especially its mishandling of the severe acute respiratory
syndrome spotlight the problems of China's authoritarian politics.

Despite economic success, growth of the rule of law and a more relaxed society,
China still lacks an elected leader and a free press. The top Chinese figure is
heir both to Leninism and Chinese dynastic rule. Hence the Chinese public has
little input into public policy. It is kept in the dark on sensitive topics. The
1.3billion citizens of the People's Republic of China are trusted with their
money, these days, but not with their minds.

Under Mao Zedong, "the masses" were spurred to view their leader as the "red sun
in our hearts" and cry, imperial-style: "Ten thousand years to Chairman Mao". In
1976, Mao's last year, an earthquake struck the city of Tangshan, a couple of
hours east of Beijing. Scientists across the globe knew it was huge. But Beijing
hid the truth, refusing offers of assistance from the US and the UN. Only years
later did the Chinese government reveal that the deadliest quake of the 20th
century had killed 242,000 people. How many of the Chinese corpses dragged from
the rubble weeks later would have been saved had Beijing not put saving face
above saving lives?

Deceptions induced by dictatorship cause suffering and death. Sometimes this
occurs in spectacular ways, other times in eerie silence. Post-Mao in the 1980s,
Deng Xiaoping, despite being anti-Mao in many policies ("To get rich is
glorious," he said), became an equivalent to Mao atop the political system. He
needed no formal post in order to prevail. He reigned like an emperor,
essentially, until he died in 1997.

Life was better for the Chinese, but old political ways persisted. In the early
'90s, tipped off by a terrified Chinese gay man, I found my way to an
unpublicised exhibition on AIDS in a grey-walled building near Tiananmen Square.
There were pictures of grimy toilet seats, promiscuous US soldiers, gays
frolicking in San Francisco. The captions said Western bourgeois society had
spawned a new and terrible disease.

A few years later AIDS became a serious problem in China, not in Shanghai and
Beijing where "decadent" Western tourists meander, but in poppy-growing
southwestern China near the Burma border. Blood-selling in rural China made the
drug-related problem worse.

Soon Jiang Zemin emerged from a smoke-filled room as the PRC's third supreme
leader -- proof indeed that China's new economy and society still had an old
politics. Mao, Deng, Jiang: the idealised triple photos rolled off the press.
All three leaders were possessed with the Chinese Communist Party sense of
entitlement to rule. None had any accountability to the people below.

After NATO mistakenly bombed the Chinese embassy in Belgrade in 1999, Jiang's
party-state, hiding president Bill Clinton's apology from the Chinese public,
bussed students to the US embassy for protests. Three days later, after briefly
publishing the American and NATO apologies, the government called a halt.
Diffusion or suppression of news, under Jiang as under the dynasties and under
Mao, followed political criteria.

Now we have a fourth supreme leader-in-the-making, Hu Jintao, and we also have
change in Iraq, danger in Korea, and the puzzle of SARS. Hu, relatively young at
59, has seemed hesitant at best over North Korea, Iraq, and SARS. In part, this
may be due to the incomplete succession from Jiang to Hu. Hu is CCP chief and
state president, while Jiang retains the top military post. Yet the Chinese
state is also displaying fundamental, long-standing traits.

Beijing has much to lose if nuclear weapons are brandished on the Korean
peninsula. Yet Hu hides behind Kim Jong-il, pretends North Korea is America's
problem, and fails to see that Japan's fear of Kim's crazy ways could turn Tokyo
into a nuclear power.

Beijing has been reticent in criticising dictatorships such as Iraq and North
Korea because it is a dictatorship itself. Hence, the war in Iraq was fully
depicted on Chinese television -- military affairs are a technical matter -- but
Saddam Hussein's tyranny was never touched on.

No wonder Chinese TV dared not show pictures of Hussein's statue biting the dust
in Baghdad. Authoritarian leaders have too much in common.

On SARS, for seven weeks the Chinese party-state did not report the new disease
either to the World Health Organisation or to its own medical chiefs across the
country. Highly infectious, the virus jumped from south China to Hong Kong. So
far it exists in 25 countries. In Beijing, contrary to government assurances as
late as last week, SARS has become a corrosive issue of public health.

Beijing's instinctive response to SARS was similar to its handling of AIDS: give
little news, blame non-Chinese where possible, understate the cases. The
imperial-Leninist state is probably still sufficiently alive to require a
continued attempt to make Hu a supreme leader -- perhaps the last such attempt
before Communist rule comes to an end in China. But a price is paid in a modern
society for unaccountable political power.

Hopefully, Beijing will be lucky and SARS will prove a minor disease; the
hinterland of China, dry tinder for a raging epidemic, will not fall victim to
it; and China's neighbours will recover their confidence in Beijing's veracity.
But turning the hose of information on and off at the politburo's whim in a
complex society of 1.3 billion people is enormously risky.

Democracy, which the students at Tiananmen Square in 1989 demanded, may be an
elitist taste (I don't think so). But health is everyone's concern, including
the unemployed in the cities and the farmers who resent high taxes. It is also
the concern of non-Chinese. "The problem of SARS is not going to be solved
globally if it's not solved in China," WHO says.

For the Chinese emperors, a flood, famine, epidemic or falling meteor was best
not mentioned because it might reflect on the quality of the emperor's rule.
Mao, who sometimes referred to himself as "the emperor", also linked cosmology
and politics. That was one reason Beijing drew a veil over the Tangshan
earthquake.

The equivalent motivation today is the Communist Party-state's fear that bad
news will impair stability and unity. Actually, telling lies threatens stability
more often than reporting bad news does. Since the return of Hong Kong to China
in 1997, Beijing has left the territory pretty much alone. But Beijing's
handling of SARS shows that the instinctive secrecy of a dictatorship may be as
consequential as overt acts of political interference. China fudged; Hong Kong
suffers.

The Chinese are excellent at business but lousy at politics. Hu may be both the
system's apogee and its casualty. Meanwhile, deception, fear of the public
knowing too much, and nervousness when a dictatorship anywhere in the world
falls suggest a brittle Chinese party-state.

Ross Terrill, a research associate in East Asian studies at Harvard University,
is author of The New Chinese Empire (forthcoming, University of NSW Press).

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           September 2, 2001, Sunday

BAR RECOMMENDS LAWYER'S SUSPENSION; ATTORNEY JAMES JOINER IS ACCUSED OF
MISHANDLING CLIENTS' MONEY.

BYLINE: SAM CARDINALE The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 423 words


WINTER HAVEN -- The Florida Bar will recommend to the state Supreme Court that
Winter Haven attorney James Joiner be suspended from practicing law for two
years after he was accused of mishandling clients' money, a Bar attorney said.

A grievance committee had found more probability than not that Joiner violated
at least one Bar rule after an anonymous tip to The Bar on Jan. 31 said money
from trust accounts that Joiner was handling disappeared.

Joiner could not be reached for comment for this article. But he has repeatedly
maintained that no client has lost money, or will.

Ken Bryk, counsel for The Bar, said Joiner agreed to place $ 179,000 in trust
and that any restitution to be made to his clients will come from that money.

"The majority of the money was already put back," Bryk said. "Any shortages will
be covered by the money in trust."

Joiner had previously acknowledged that more than $ 100,000 disappeared from
trust and guardianship accounts at Joiner's Winter Haven law firm about two
years ago.

Joiner said a former employee made off with the money and he didn't think any
clients were aware any money was missing. He said he has used his own money, and
borrowed the remainder, to replenish the accounts.

Joiner said previously that he didn't report the missing money to The Bar
because he was afraid he'd get in trouble for not keeping the trust money safe.

But since The Bar approached Joiner after the allegations were made, Joiner said
previously that he had been cooperating with The Bar and was working on reaching
a disciplinary settlement with Bar officials.

Bar attorney Bryk said an agreement has been reached between The Bar and Joiner
in which Joiner will be suspended for two years.

That means he can't practice law as a licensed attorney, can't have contact with
clients and can't give legal opinions, Bryk said. But he could do legal
research, according to Bryk.

The suspension, according to the agreement, will be followed by three years of
probation.

"This is a very serious discipline," Bryk said. "The (Supreme) Court will issue
an order on it, and will say when the suspension will begin."

Complaints to The Bar are investigated and given to a grievance committee for
review. If the committee finds probable cause, a formal complaint is drafted and
filed with the Supreme Court, which decides disciplinary action against
attorneys.

The Supreme Court has not issued a final order.

Sam Cardinale can be reached at sam.cardinale@theledger.com or 863-294-4639.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 6, 1996, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE ASSAILS SHERIFF FOR MISHANDLING OF OFFICE'S BUDGET

BYLINE: Roy Malone Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 536 words


Don Earl, a Republican seeking to oust Sheriff Oliver "Glenn" Boyer, says he
would do a better job of handling the budget and would make it a priority to
increase the pay of deputies.

"Mr. Boyer's misuse and mishandling of the county's budget is legend," Earl said
at a campaign rally on Saturday in Hillsboro. He cited $ 11,000 for new badges,
$ 10,000 for reflective striping on vehicles and $ 200 to $ 300 a car for
special paint jobs.

"Jefferson County needs a sheriff that will spend money wisely and not make
purchases that make him look good," Earl said.

He said Boyer had planned to spend $ 75,000 on a video target training unit and
$ 107,000 on 17 mobile data terminals to install in cars but put these on hold
after Earl criticized them.

Boyer, a Democrat seeking a second term, said Earl's accusations were a
publicity stunt aimed at getting him a job better than the one he has, that of a
dispatcher in Des Peres. "He's a gentleman who's working at less than he'd like
to."

Boyer said the reflective striping made patrol cars more visible, providing more
safety to officers and causing the cars to be more visible to the public. "Why
does he criticize officer safety?" Boyer said.

Earl's broadside at Boyer included an allegation that Jefferson County has more
serious crime than St. Charles County, which has a larger population. Earl cited
1994 FBI crime statistics showing crimes such as murder, assaults, stealing,
arson and domestic violence have increased over the 1993 figures. "Our crime in
Jefferson County is nearly twice that of a comparable county, St. Charles
County," Earl said.

But Boyer pointed out that his department covers 70 percent of the
unincorporated area of the county, while the St. Charles County Sheriff's
Department covers a much smaller area. He said Earl didn't take that into
account. "Actually, our crime rate is better," Boyer said.

Earl said Jefferson County has 27 gangs. But Boyer disputed that allegation,
saying a few motorcycle gangs come into the county, but no gangs are based in
the county.

Earl said Boyer has just seven to 10 deputies on the road during a shift. Boyer
said the average is 15.

Earl said he would eliminate some of the command staff to gain $ 150,000 that
could help give pay raises to deputies. Boyer said he cannot afford to give
raises this year because the County Commission cut his budget.

Earl said 200 people have left the department since Boyer took over in 1993.
Boyer said the actual figure is 101. The department has 206 employees.

Earl said the department is understaffed. Boyer agreed, saying he needed more
money to hire additional employees and raise the pay of current employees.

Earl said he would create a special division to curb drunken driving and
domestic violence. Boyer said he already has this, using sobriety checkpoints
and having a deputy handle domestic violence cases full time.

"The things he wants to do we're already doing," Boyer said.

Earl said morale is low in the department and he would "change the unfair and
outdated hiring and firing practices which now exist. I will institute a policy
of job security, based on job performance and not on the whim of the sheriff."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 2, 1990, Saturday, Final Edition

Dumfries Police Actions Probed

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B4

LENGTH: 132 words


Virginia troopers are investigating the possible mishandling of evidence by
former members of the Dumfries Police Department, city and state officials said
yesterday.

The investigation was begun May 2 at the request of Dumfries Police Chief Conrad
LaBossiere, who was concerned about possible mishandling of equipment before he
took over as head of the department last August, police said.

The investigation so far has centered on the review of case files to determine
if evidence seized in police investigations had been properly accounted for,
said Bob Martin, a Virginia State Police special agent. Dumfries police Capt.
Calvin Johnson said the evidence locker is on the basement level of the Town
Hall, making it accessible to maintenance workers as well as police officials.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 18, 2014 Monday
                                 Every Edition

Edward Sagel buys back funeral home he started in 1994

BYLINE: Abha Bhattarai

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 489 words


Edward D. Sagel this summer bought back the eponymous funeral home he founded 20
years ago, returning the Rockville company to its roots as one of a shrinking
number of independently owned funeral businesses.

Sagel, who founded Edward Sagel Funeral Direction in 1994 at age 29, sold it two
years later to SCI, the country's largest funeral services company. He continued
to manage the funeral home for the new owners, even as the company ran into
operational issues that led Maryland officials to temporarily suspend his
license.

Sagel said he regretted his decision to sell. Within a few years, he had begun
asking SCI if he could buy it back.

The answer was always "No." Until earlier this year, when the Federal Trade
Commission required SCI to sell off 53 funeral homes and 38 cemeteries before it
would approve a $1.4 billion purchase of Steward Enterprises, the country's
second-largest funeral company. Sagel got his opening.

He and a partner, Albert Bloomfield, purchased Edward Sagel Funeral Direction
and Danzansky-Goldberg Funeral Home in Rockville. Both companies specialize in
Jewish burials.

Sagel would not disclose how much he originally sold the company for, nor how
much he paid for it this time around.

He originally financed the company's six-figure start-up costs with the help of
local investors, including Lawrence A. Shulman of Potomac-based law firm Shulman
Roger. In 1996, Sagel agreed to sell the company.

"We didn't have a short-term exit strategy going in," Sagel said. "We were in it
for the long haul, it's just that [the opportunity to sell] came about, and as a
young guy, it gave me a financial jump-start."

It hasn't always been a smooth ride. A 2009 Washington Post  investigation found
that a funeral home owned by SCI was mishandling bodies and storing them in
unrefrigerated garages. Some of those bodies,  The   Post  reported, were of
veterans waiting to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.

The following year, Sagel was charged with violating multiple provisions of the
Maryland Morticians Act related to the mishandling of a veteran's remains. The
case was settled without any admission of wrongdoing. As part of a consent
order, Sagel's mortician's license was suspended for 30 days, and he was placed
on 18 months of probation. Sagel's license remains on probation, according to
the Maryland Board of Morticians and Funeral Directors.

Sagel declined to comment specifically on the charges.

With the recent purchase of the two funeral homes, Sagel and Bloomfield say they
hope to improve service. They have already hired one additional employee and
plan to hire more, Sagel said. He is also hoping to use technology to help
customers select caskets on an iPad or computer instead of keeping 30 different
caskets in stock.

"This has been a slow industry to convert to technology," he said. "We can
improve things like that, and ultimately have higher service standards."

abha.bhattarai@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                           September 25, 2011 Sunday

Caution before court date

BYLINE: K.P. NAYAR

LENGTH: 835  words


New York, Sept. 25: If anyone expected fireworks or even tension or bad blood at
finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh
today, they were severely disappointed.

Mukherjee arrived at Singh's suite in the New York Palace hotel carrying a
bouquet of flowers to greet him in advance on his birthday, which falls on
Monday. He told the Prime Minister he had sought the meeting while in transit
through New York because he would briefly touch down in Delhi on his return from
the US and immediately proceed to Calcutta for pitri tarpan ceremonies in his
village which he had not missed for decades.

Thereafter, he will travel elsewhere to dedicate a huge power plant to the
nation. Mukherjee told Indian reporters there were matters that came up at last
week's annual meetings of the World Bank Group, which could not wait till he
returned to New Delhi after almost a whole week.

By the time Singh returns to India on Tuesday night, Mukherjee would already be
in Calcutta and, therefore, he took the opportunity of a transit halt in New
York to discuss fears of a second global financial meltdown that came up during
last week's meetings, the finance minister said.

As expected, he parried all questions relating to the controversial finance
ministry note on 2G allocation which has been rocking national politics since
the Prime Minister travelled abroad last Wednesday.

Ahead of his return home, Mukherjee, however, offered an olive branch to home
minister P. Chidambaram by publicly describing him as a "valued colleague". He
also donned the traditional Congress mantle of a disciplined soldier of the
party by insisting that he must "talk to other party leaders" before he could
express any opinion on the latest twists to the 2G controversy.

While that may be Mukherjee's public stand, other sources privy to the talks
between Singh and the finance minister said the two men agreed on the need to
exercise extreme caution and discretion on the latest in the string of crises
creeping up on the UPA government.

Any move or decision that smacked of rashness and was not backed by a careful
consideration of the implications of the finance ministry's note could land the
government in trouble similar to the mishandling of the Anna Hazare fast, the
two men agreed, according to sources privy to their discussions.

Mukherjee is understood to have said at today's hour-long meeting that the
existence of the finance ministry's note was well known throughout his ministry,
indeed in all of North Block and in parliamentary circles as well.

Yet the finance minister, whose experience in statecraft is much wider than that
of the Prime Minister, is understood to have said that caution should be the
watchword since the note had now been presented in court. With the courts
monitoring the 2G cases and judicial activism being the norm, any mishandling of
the latest twist in the telecom scandal could have far-reaching and
unpredictable consequences.

Even as he refused to discuss the note that is now with the court, Mukherjee
peripherally touched upon some of its legal implications in his conversation
with Indian reporters.

"Unless I talk to the law minister, unless I talk to Chidambaram, who is my
valued colleague, unless I talk to other party leaders and I go through all the
relevant papers, what comments I will make and why should I make a comment on
domestic issues outside India?"

The finance minister added: "I am not a lawyer, I have to consult expert legal
opinion on a matter that is sub judice."

Inevitably, some quarters will interpret this as a dig at Chidambaram who has
frequently flaunted his legal prowess in public and does so in private to a
greater degree.

Mukherjee went so far as to say that the only reason he was meeting Indian
reporters in transit was to apologise for ignoring a swarm of them when he
arrived at his hotel last night from Washington. "I apologise for being rude.
But I am not giving any earth-shaking information to you."

Like the Prime Minister yesterday, the finance minister's public disposition
today was one of nonchalance. He did not see any pressing need to discuss the 2G
note that has created a political crisis in India until he got home. "I am not a
fugitive. I am not leaving the country for any long time."

He shared Singh's view that it is the Opposition's job to create discomfiture
for the government whenever possible.

If the events of the last few days had, indeed, created any unpleasantness in
the highest quarters of the government, Mukherjee appeared to have ensured that
it evaporated considerably with his disarming gesture of greeting the Prime
Minister ahead of his birthday with a bouquet of flowers.

They talked about the coming Puja celebrations in Bengal to break the ice before
approaching weightier matters.

The finance minister is understood to have conveyed to the Prime Minister the
concerns he heard in Washington about the pace of reforms and the need to make
legislative changes in banking and insurance regulations.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                       December 28, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL

U.S. fights release of suspected spy

SECTION: News; A12

LENGTH: 371 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, N.M.


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- Government prosecutors have told a federal judge that
nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee should be kept in jail because he has never
provided credible evidence that he destroyed seven missing computer tapes he
made that contain ''classified information sufficient to build a functional
thermonuclear weapon.''

The government was responding to a motion by Lee's lawyers asking a federal
judge to overturn a Dec. 13 ruling ordering the Taiwan-born U.S. citizen be held
until trial on charges of mishandling classified information.

Lee's lawyers argued that the government has provided no evidence to show that
Lee ever made the material available to any third parties.

In the first hearing, the government emphasized the possibility that Lee, 59,
with relatives in Taiwan, might flee the U.S. In the latest filing, the
government made clear it now most fears the seven missing tapes still exist and
if free Lee could assist ''an unauthorized possessor'' in using them to gain
design information about nuclear weapons.

The veteran Los Alamos National Laboratory scientist was arrested Dec. 10 and
indicted on 59 counts of mishandling secret nuclear information under the Atomic
Energy and Espionage Acts. He has pleaded not guilty.

''When I first realized what was downloaded by Doctor Lee, I realized I was
looking at a chilling collection of codes and files,'' Richard Krajcik, deputy
director of Los Alamos' secret X Division, told a courtroom. ''It really
represents a capacity someone could use to design and analyse (U.S. nuclear)
weapons.''

In March, Lee was fired from his post in the lab's X Division for allegedly
tampering with classified documents and failing to report foreign contacts that
occurred in the mid-1980s during trips he made to China. At the time of his
firing, Lee was identified by federal authorities as their prime suspect in a
Chinese espionage investigation centering on evidence that China may have stolen
design information related to the W-88 warhead, America's most sophisticated
thermonuclear weapon.

But federal authorities have since acknowledged that they don't now have any
evidence showing Lee spied for China or any other foreign government.


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 5, 1990, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Audit Says Forest Mishandling Costs U.S. Millions

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 13; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 4


The office of the Interior Department's inspector general says that Federal
mismanagement of some of the world's most productive timberland -- 2.4 million
acres across 18 western Oregon counties -- has cost the Government at least $90
million since 1986.

The mishandling of the forests, operated by the department's Bureau of
Land Management, is a result of financial shortcuts prompted by budget cutbacks,
the inspector general's office said in an audit report issued Thursday.

The report said the bureau had lost $90 million by failing to perform thinning,
fertilization and other maintenance, lapses that resulted in fewer trees that
could be cut. The report estimated a loss of 94 million board feet of timber
growth in the fiscal years 1986-89 because of inadequate management. A board
foot is one foot by one foot by one inch.

In addition, the bureau has failed to acquire easements to 132,000 acres with
800 million board feet of mature timber valued at $302 million, the audit said.

Losses could total up to $1.7 billion over the forests' 60- to 80-year life
cycles, it said.

The audit asserted that the Bureau ofLand Management had failed to explain the
magnitude of the losses to Congress and the Office of Management and Budget.

The bureau Director, Cy Jamison, said in response to the review that his budget
requests have been "somewhat constrained" by targets provided by the Interior
Department.

"These targets, which are less than ideal to accomplish the desired workload,
are consistent with the goals of the Administration to reduce Federal deficits,"
Mr. Jamison said in a memorandum to the inspector general.

The audit covering the fiscal years 1986-89 said the bureau's forestry revenue
will further decline as additional lands are taken out of production to protect
the threatened northern spotted owl.

The bureau estimated in June that efforts to save the owl from extinction may
directly affect 23 percent of its lands in western Oregon, about 553,000 acres,
and may indirectly affect another 1.5 million acres.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 10, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

GOP FOE ASSAILS SHERIFF OVER BUDGET; MISHANDLING OF FUNDS ALLEGED; DEPUTY PAY
HIKE PLEDGED AS PRIORITY

BYLINE: Roy Malone Of The St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 539 words


Don Earl, a Republican seeking to oust Jefferson County Sheriff Oliver "Glenn"
Boyer, says he would do a better job of handling the budget and would make it a
priority to increase the pay of deputies.

"Mr. Boyer's misuse and mishandling of the county's budget is legend," Earl said
at a recent campaign rally in Hillsboro. He cited $ 11,000 for new badges, $
10,000 for reflective striping on vehicles and $ 200 to $ 300 a car for special
paint jobs.

"Jefferson County needs a sheriff that will spend money wisely and not make
purchases that make him look good," Earl said.

He said Boyer had planned to spend $ 75,000 on a video target training unit and
$ 107,000 on 17 mobile data terminals to install in cars, but put these on hold
after Earl criticized them.

Boyer, a Democrat seeking a second term, said Earl's accusations were a
publicity stunt aimed at getting him a job better than the one he has, that of a
dispatcher in Des Peres. "He's a gentleman who's working at less than he'd like
to."

Boyer said the reflective striping made patrol cars more visible, providing more
safety to officers and causing the cars to be more visible to the public. "Why
does he criticize officer safety?" Boyer said.

Earl's broadside at Boyer included an allegation that Jefferson County has more
serious crime than St. Charles County, which has a larger population. Earl cited
1994 FBI crime statistics showing crimes such as murder, assaults, stealing,
arson and domestic violence have increased over the 1993 figures. "Our crime in
Jefferson County is nearly twice that of a comparable county, St. Charles
County," Earl said.

But Boyer pointed out that his department covers 70 percent of the
unincorporated area of the county, while the St. Charles County Sheriff's
Department covers a much smaller area. He said Earl didn't take that into
account. "Actually, our crime rate is better," Boyer said.

Earl said Jefferson County has 27 gangs. But Boyer disputed that allegation,
saying a few motorcycle gangs come into the county, but no gangs are based in
the county.

Earl said Boyer has just seven to 10 deputies on the road during a shift. Boyer
said the average is 15.

Earl said he would eliminate some of the command staff to gain $ 150,000 that
could help give pay raises to deputies. Boyer said he cannot afford to give
raises this year because the County Commission cut his budget.

Earl said 200 people have left the department since Boyer took over in 1993.
Boyer said the actual figure is 101. The department has 206 employees.

Earl said the department is understaffed. Boyer agreed, saying he needed more
money to hire additional employees and raise the pay of current employees.

Earl said he would create a special division to curb drunken driving and
domestic violence. Boyer said he already has this, using sobriety checkpoints
and having a deputy handle domestic violence cases full time.

"The things he wants to do, we're already doing," Boyer said.

Earl said morale is low in the department and he would "change the unfair and
out-dated hiring and firing practices which now exist. I will institute a policy
of job security, based on job performance, and not on the whim of the sheriff."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                            May 24, 2006, Wednesday

C.A. Upholds $2.65 Million Bad Faith Award Against Insurer Award Not Excessive
Where Mishandling of Claim Drove Insured to Seek Therapy, Court Says

BYLINE:  By KENNETH OFGANG, Staff Writer/Appellate Courts

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 693 words


A Sacramento couple whose insurer's mishandling of their claim drove the husband
to drink, sent the wife to a therapist, and injured their marriage and their
business are entitled to keep the more than $ 2 million awarded by a jury for
bad faith, the Third District Court of Appeal ruled yesterday.

The justices affirmed an award of $ 638,000 in compensatory damages and $ 2.015
million in punitive damages to Charles and Terese Polisso. A Sacramento Superior
Court jury concluded the Polissos were entitled to that sum because Century
Surety Co. wrongly refused to defend a claim against their business, Kinzel
Glass Co.

The claim had its origins in a 1996 contract in which Kinzel and S.W. Allen
Construction, Inc. agreed that Kinzel would install seven glass panels in an
underground viewing chamber being built by the U.S. Forest Service near Lake
Tahoe. Before the project was completed, however, a heavy rain caused the creek
to overflow and submerge the viewing chamber, triggering a series of events that
resulted in damage to the glass.

Defense Tendered

Allen sued, naming Kinzel Glass and "CHARLES A. POLISSO...an individual doing
business as KINZEL" as defendants, claiming that faulty workmanship was
responsible for the damage and that the Forest Service was dissatisfied with the
glass as a result. Kinzel tendered its defense to Century Surety Co., from which
it had purchased a commercial lines policy covering liability, as well as damage
to its glass.

Century brought a declaratory action against Kinzel, Charles Polisso, and Allen
to determine what coverage obligations, if any, it had. The Polissos
counterclaimed against Century for refusing to defend them in Allen's suit and
to pay for damage to the glass.

Century attorney Callie O'Hara opined that there was no obligation to defend or
provide coverage. The company then advised the Polissos that it was denying
their claim, but had obtained an extension of time to file and had instructed
its lawyers to prepare and file an answer as a courtesy.

Reservation of Rights

Evidence later presented in the bad faith suit showed that at one point, O'Hara
advised Century that there was enough evidence to show a "potential" for
coverage, triggering a duty to defend in the Allen suit. The company then
retained new counsel and notified Charles Polisso that it would provide a
defense under a full reservation of rights, but would not provide independent
counsel or cover the property damage.

While the litigation was pending, O'Hara recommended that Century file a
declaratory action against the Polissos and seek reimbursement of defense costs.
The Polissos subsequently retained their own counsel, whom Century originally
agreed to pay at its usual rates, but who was owed nearly $ 70,000 by the end of
trial, which resulted in a net zero between the Polissos and Allen.

In the bad faith suit, the Polissos contended that after five years of
litigation, with reigning uncertainty as to the outcome and as to whether their
defense costs would be paid, they were under tremendous personal stress and had
lost their business lease. Because the company had occupied its former premises
since 1949 and had to move to a less desirable location, they lost a good deal
of business, they said.

Jurors agreed that Century had acted in bad faith, holding the company liable
for business and personal injury damages and legal fees sustained in the
underlying suit.

Justice Coleman Blease, writing for the Court of Appeal, rejected the company's
contention that it could not be held liable for bad faith because there was a
good faith dispute over coverage. While Century could have disputed coverage in
good faith, Blease explained, it could not reasonably dispute that it had a duty
to defend.

The justice went on to conclude that the punitive damage award was not
excessive. It was within the range of reasonableness according to recent U.S.
Supreme Court decisions, the justice said, and reflected the reprehensibility of
the insurer's five-year pattern of mishandling the claim.

The case is Century Surety Company v. Polisso, 06 S.O.S. 2550.



LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2006 Metropolitan News Company


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 13, 2006 Monday

Detective's dismissal spurs debate: Defense attorneys question evidence,
verdicts

BYLINE: Kristina Davis, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 805 words


Mar. 13--The mishandling of several cases by a Chandler detective has opened the
door for defense attorneys to raise legal issues about the 146 other cases the
detective worked as a sex crimes investigator and school resource officer.

At least one defense attorney, whose client was convicted of child molestation,
has already asked the judge to throw out the guilty verdict because the court
was never informed during the trial that Chandler detective Arnold Orozco was
under internal investigation.

"Orozco was the investigating officer," said defense attorney Larry Kazan. "His
testimony was critical, and this would have undermined his credibility."

Orozco took the stand during the December trial to testify against Verne L.
Watson, a retired Arizona Department of Public Safety officer who was accused of
molesting a 9-yearold girl in 2002.

Watson was sentenced to 15 years in prison last month after the jury found him
guilty.

The trial occurred in the middle of the Chandler Police Department's internal
affairs investigation, which ultimately found that Orozco failed to forward 11
cases for prosecution and mishandled evidence in 46 criminal cases dating to
2000.

"I was not aware of any of these cases," Kazan said. "It's certainly something
I'll bring to the judge's attention."

Orozco was fired Jan. 23 once the investigation was completed. Officials in the
Maricopa County Attorney's Office said they were given a "heads up" sometime
just beforehand.

"If we had known, we would have disclosed," said county attorney spokesman Bill
FitzGerald. "But we didn't know."

Kazan and other Valley defense attorneys say Chandler police should have told
the court about it much earlier.

"There are more farreaching implications than what goes on in their little
house," Kazan said.

A Chandler police spokeswoman said she doesn't think the police are required to
tell the court about an investigation before it is complete, but she said the
defense attorney is doing his job by filing the motion.

"He's trying to do the best he can do for his client," detective Livi Kacic
said.

FLURRY OF FILINGS

Kazan's motion may be the first in a flurry of paperwork filed by other defense
attorneys regarding cases Orozco has investigated.

Mesa criminal defense lawyer Marc Victor said there are several legal issues
that could be raised, including cases where Orozco is suspected of mishandling
73 pieces of evidence or property. Orozco is suspected of keeping them in his
locker or in a box at his apartment instead of logging them into the
department's property room.

Victor said questions about the chain of custody of evidence is often a fertile
area of cross-examination.

"My guess is at the end of the day, the chain of custody was so poor that the
property would not be able to be used," Victor said. "It's likely people could
go to his house, they could've rummaged through the cardboard box. All that
evidence would be inadmissible at trial."

Victor also said findings in several U.S. Supreme Court cases show that the
government, whether it be the police department or county attorney, must
disclose information that may lessen someone's credibility or be of help to the
defense.

He agreed that Kazan has a valid case for a new trial.

"How much fun could you have with that as a defense attorney? It's a dream come
true," Victor said. "The defendant was convicted of a serious crime without
getting due process."

GLENDALE LESSONS

Glendale police faced a similar situation last year, when they fired detective
Brad Moore after an internal investigation revealed he falsified reports and
failed to forward more than 200 domestic violence cases to city prosecutors.

Most of the cases had to be tossed because the one-year statute of limitations
for misdemeanors had ended. Detectives had to salvage the others.

Unlike Orozco, Moore was placed on administrative leave during the eight-month
investigation and was not allowed to testify in court during that time, said
Glendale police spokesman officer Mike Pena.

Moore was then fired in March 2005 and lost an appeal to get his job back.

Pena said as far as he knew, the scandal did not cause defense attorneys to
submit a pile of new motions.

"I understand why they might have," Pena said. "Thank goodness it never went
that avenue."

A grand jury criminally indicted Moore early this year in Maricopa County
Superior Court on one charge of fraudulent schemes and practices and 20 charges
of tampering with a public record.

Chandler police officials said there were no plans to recommend any criminal
charges against Orozco. He has appealed his dismissal.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz. Distributed by Knight
Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on republishing this content,
contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213)
237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060313-MZ-0313-Detective-s-dismissal-spurs-debate

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2006 East Valley Tribune


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Mortgage firm's ties concern regulators

BYLINE: MICHAEL CORKERY and PETER EAVIS

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1063 words

ABSTRACT

United States regulators are worried that Ocwen is mishandling some of the
mortgages it services, citing shoddy paperwork and faulty technology.

FULL TEXT

Mortgage servicers collect money from homeowners and distribute those payments
to lenders. It's a fairly boring business, but not to William C. Erbey.

The 64-year-old billionaire has built a servicing empire of mind-aching
complexity that plays a huge role in the nation's housing market. Mr. Erbey's
flagship company, Ocwen Financial, now services about one of every four subprime
mortgages in the United States.

''He's a very smart guy,'' said Lawrence Bossidy, who worked with Mr. Erbey at
the finance unit of General Electric in the late 1970s.

''Brilliant,'' said Leon Cooperman, founder of the hedge fund firm Omega
Advisors, which invests in one of Mr. Erbey's companies.

Now, Mr. Erbey's expertise and his collection of companies, are being tested.
State and federal regulators are concerned that Ocwen is mishandling some of the
mortgages it now services, citing examples of shoddy paperwork and faulty
technology.

Regulators and investors, which actually own most of the loans Ocwen services,
are also questioning the unusual arrangements between Ocwen - ''new co''
backward - and four other publicly traded companies in which Mr. Erbey is
chairman. The companies do things from buying up delinquent loans to renting out
foreclosed houses.

In effect, Mr. Erbey's enterprise has become a complex financial services group,
but without the regulatory scrutiny that a bank must face.

''There is no question that Bill Erbey is clever, but I am not sure that is such
a good thing all of the time,'' said Jeffrey Lewis, a senior portfolio manager
at TIG Securitized Asset Fund, which is betting on the decline of one of Mr.
Erbey's companies.

These complexities have helped increase investors' returns on the theory that
the five companies are worth more separately than if they were included in a
single entity.

In an interview on Thursday, Mr. Erbey said that spinning off multiple companies
made it clearer to investors what each entity did. ''Investors get a much easier
story to digest,'' he said.

But in the view of critics, these businesses are rife with potential conflicts
because some are not entirely separate from each other.

For example, Ocwen and a spinoff, Altisource Portfolio Solutions, were employing
the same chief risk officer, who was reporting directly to Mr. Erbey in both
capacities, according to New York's top banking regulator.

Ocwen also contracts with some of Mr. Erbey's other companies. And some of the
other companies hire Ocwen.

According to executives at Ocwen, all transactions between the companies are at
''arm's length,'' but to some investors, it is not clear whether the companies
are overcharging for their service and whether those costs are being passed on
to the mortgage bond investors. Mr. Erbey said the company disclosed these
costs, and they are consistent with industry standards.

Critics say the relationships raise questions about whether shareholders in some
of the companies are benefiting at the expense of shareholders in the other
companies.

''A big question is why these companies are so focused on each other and yet
needed to be separated,'' Mr. Lewis said.

In the case of one of Mr. Erbey's companies, Home Loan Servicing Solutions, it
now works only with Ocwen. Home Loan Servicing Solutions was created to purchase
mortgage servicing rights from the banks. Ocwen actually services the loans.

By providing financing for Ocwen's servicing business, Home Loan Servicing helps
bolster Ocwen's returns. Mr. Erbey owns about 13 percent of Ocwen, but a much
smaller stake in Home Loan Servicing, which means that in theory he has more of
a stake in Ocwen's success.

Mr. Erbey said that investors in Home Loan Servicing were being compensated by
the sizable dividend that the company pays and that the company was working to
expand its business relationships beyond Ocwen.

Investors have seemed willing to overlook any potential pitfalls in the unusual
corporate structure. Helped by a flood of new servicing business, Ocwen's shares
more than tripled in value from the end of 2011 to the end of last year.

But its stock price tumbled after fresh scrutiny of Ocwen from Benjamin M.
Lawsky, New York's superintendent of financial services, who sent a letter to
Ocwen in February  demanding more details about the relationships between the
companies. Mr. Lawsky, who recently halted the transfer of $39 billion worth of
mortgage serving rights to Ocwen from Wells Fargo, said he was concerned that
this tangled web ''could create incentives that harm borrowers and push
homeowners unduly into foreclosure.''

His office has installed an independent monitor at Ocwen who has found examples
of loose record-keeping and other clerical issues.

In a conference call with analysts Thursday, Ocwen executives said they were
investing in quality control. The company is also working to originate more
mortgages, which it can service.

Still, the question hovering over Mr. Erbey's empire is whether the increased
regulatory scrutiny will slow the growth of Ocwen's servicing pipeline. Analysts
said the amount of mortgages that the company services has grown nearly sixfold
since 2010, thanks to a shift in the mortgage industry. Large banks, weighed
down with legal and regulatory problems, are selling much of their subprime
servicing rights to firms like Ocwen.

On Thursday, Ocwen said its net income in the fourth quarter increased to $105
million, from $65 million in the same period a year ago.

''I am not concerned'' about possible conflicts, said Mr. Cooperman, the hedge
fund investor. ''This guy's life is his business.''

Friends described Mr. Erbey as ''maniacal'' in his efforts to keep expanding his
business as the regulatory environment shifts. They say he works 80-hour weeks
in a simple office on the island of St. Croix. Investors say he moved to the
Virgin Islands to help lower Ocwen's tax bill.

In the interview on Thursday, Mr. Erbey pointed to one of his promising new
ideas: a company that buys up pools of distressed mortgage loans. If the loans
are foreclosed on, the company can rent out the houses. ''I feel good about what
we do, and we make a lot of money doing it,'' Mr. Erbey said. ''I think more
like an investor than an employee - that is what my investors like.''

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 3, 2008 Wednesday

Passamaquoddy group to appeal dismissal of LNG lawsuit

BYLINE: Gale Courey Toensing, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1020 words


Sep. 3--BANGOR, MAINE -- A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit filed by a
group of Passamaquoddy Indians against the BIA over the leasing of tribal land
for a proposed liquefied natural gas terminal, but rendered a scathing criticism
of the agency's "mishandling" of the case.

In an Aug. 14 ruling, U.S. District Judge John Woodcock said the Passamaquoddy
group Nulankeyutmonen Nkihtaqmikon (NN), which means "We Protect the Homeland,"
cannot move forward with its case against the BIA in federal court because it
has not exhausted the administrative appeals process.

The decision comes almost three years after the group filed its first federal
lawsuit challenging the BIA's approval of a 50-year lease between the Pleasant
Point Passamaquoddy Reservation and Quoddy Bay LLC of Oklahoma to allow the
company to develop an LNG terminal on a three-quarter acre portion of tribally
owned land at Split Rock on Passamaquoddy Bay.

NN objects that the development would destroy their sacred land, which is used
for traditional ceremonies, community events and recreation. Their lawsuit
claims that the BIA ground lease approval violates the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission's requirement for an Environmental Impact Statement; the Endangered
Species Act for failing to consider the endangered whales that populate
Passamaquoddy Bay; the National Historic Preservation Act for not reviewing the
development's impact on the tribal reservation, which is eligible for listing on
the National Register of Historic Places; and the long term Indian Leasing Act,
which requires the agency to obtain a fair market value appraisal of the land.

The BIA "simply ignored its own regulation" when it did not notify NN of their
right to appeal the agency's approval of the ground lease in June 2005 and
"compounded its error" by making its approval effective immediately and,
thereby, "circumventing the stay provision of its regulations," Woodcock said.

"The BIA did precisely what its regulations were promulgated to avoid -- making
critical agency decisions, failing to notify interested parties and allowing the
consequences of the decision to become immediately effective without measuring
the public interest."

He said the court cannot know whether the BIA's "mishandling of this case is
symptomatic of a broader agency practice." But, he said, the decision to dismiss
the lawsuit "represents the triumph of hope over experience and the Court fully
expects the BIA to proceed in a manner consistent with its special expertise and
solemn charge."

Despite the BIA's mishandling of the case, Woodcock dismissed the lawsuit in
part because he was not convinced by NN's claims of harm.

Teresa Clemmer of the Environmental and Natural Resources Law Clinic at the
Vermont Law School, who represents NN, said her clients will appeal the
dismissal to the 1st Circuit Court of Appeals. If Woodcock's decision is upheld,
NN will have to begin its challenge anew with an appeal to the Interior Board of
Indian Appeals; otherwise the case will be remanded to the federal court.

"We were fairly surprised and disappointed, of course, in the outcome. We had
argued that we didn't think the judge was as limited in what he could do as he
thought he was," Clemmer said.

She said the ruling is contrary to U.S. Supreme Court decisions, the
Administrative Procedures Act and the Endangered Species Act.

"We think that whole body of law clearly says we have a right to be in federal
court especially since the BIA decision is final and is being implemented
currently."

In his 34-page ruling, Woodcock noted the "BIA's dramatic change of position" on
appeal last year when the 1st Circuit reversed his earlier decision to dismiss
NN's lawsuit on the grounds that the group did not have standing and the lawsuit
was not "ripe" for adjudication.

The BIA had claimed earlier that the lease did not require an Environmental
Impact Statement because it was a preliminary agreement contingent on permit
approvals, but the agency changed its position during the appeal when it
conceded that the lease actually approved the entire LNG project. That's largely
why the 1st Circuit sent the case back to him, Woodcock said.

But Adam Wilson, Quoddy LNG's deputy project manager, told Indian Country Today
that the BIA erred when it told the appeals court that its lease approval
covered the entire project.

"We're trying to rectify that right now. We've drafted an amendment to the
ground lease that will clarify what the BIA approval was and what we expect it
to be and we've just got to work out a few minor details and then give it to the
justice department."

He said the tribal council has approved the amendment, but he declined to
release a copy to ICT.

NN said it intends to follow "a prudent course" and file a notice with the IBIA
at the same time it files an appeal of Woodcock's decision to the 1st Circuit.

"As to the most recent amendment to the ground lease approved by the tribal
council, the BIA has yet to determine its impact. The question remains, how will
the court view a party changing things last minute in order to moot a case?" the
group asked on its Web site, www.wetakecareofourland.org.

In July, Quoddy LNG announced it would stop its $46,875 quarterly payments to
the tribe while it postpones or withdraws its application and tries to meet a
deadline required by a state review board.

NN said the move was an indicator.

"No matter its positive spin, the company has long closed its doors, locked out
those who once were employed there, and is having financial difficulty. The
company has not secured anything close to viable for a project of this
magnitude; it does though continue to have a problematic ground lease," NN said.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080903-IC-LIQ-NAT-GAS-20080903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2008 Indian Country Today


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 4, 1991 Tuesday

Clark adviser admits mishandling Mashat memo   Civil servant blamed earlier
tells hearing he followed rules

BYLINE: HUGH WINSOR; GAM

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY HUGH WINSOR
Parliamentary Bureau
  OTTAWA
 The federal government's attempt to blame a civil servant for the
mishandling of the Mohammed Mashat case fell apart last night when the
chief political adviser to former external affairs minister Joe Clark
admitted he had not understood the importance of a key memo he received
and that he couldn't remember what he did with it.

Mr. Clark's chief of staff, David Daubney, told a parliamentary
committee hearing into the case that he didn't realize that the memo was
about Mr. Mashat, who was the Iraqi ambassador to the United States until
Jan. 15, the day before the war in the Persian Gulf began. As a result, he
said, he never brought the memo, prepared by External Affairs Department
officials, to Mr. Clark's attention.

The memo given to Mr. Daubney was addressed to Katherine McCallion, the
senior External Affairs officer in the minister's office.

It was marked "Secret" and referred to "former Iraqi ambassador to
USA." It began, "You may wish to apprise the minister that the department
through our embassy in Vienna is currently in contact with Dr. Mohammad
Al-Mashat . . . (who) is interested in immigrating to Canada."

Mr. Daubney said he didn't think the memo was important because it had
not been copied to senior officials in the External Affairs Department and
was not highlighted, as was the usual practice for important documents to
be brought to the minister's attention.

In a statement to the Commons last month when the Mashat story became
public, the new external affairs minister, Barbara McDougall, blamed
associate undersecretary of state Raymond Chretien, the No. 2 man at
External Affairs, for failing to exert sufficient control over his
department by allowing it to whisk Mr. Mashat into Canada as a retiree
immigrant in a matter of days.

Mrs. McDougall said Mr. Chretien had apologized to Mr. Clark for his
shortcomings in the case.

But last night, Mr. Chretien dropped another bombshell on the committee
when, in response to questions from opposition MPs, he said he had
followed all of the correct procedures in the case and had nothing to
apologize for.

NDP external affairs critic Svend Robinson, who extracted the
admissions from Mr. Daubney, described the government's attempt at blaming
civil servants as the "sleaziest form of buck passing" he had ever
witnessed. He said Mr. Daubney exhibited the "rankest form of
incompetence."

Mr. Daubney admitted he had been aware the government had turned down
an attempt by another Iraqi ambassador to obtain political asylum in
Canada at the time that he failed to recognize the significance of the
Mashat cast.

"The bells didn't go off," he said, because he didn't realize Mr.
Mashat was the most recent ambassador to the United States. There had been
many Iraqi ambassadors to the United States, he said.

The testimony also revealed a continuing rift between Mr. Chretien and
his immediate superior, de Montigny Marchand, the undersecretary of state.

Claiming he had never been informed about the Mashat case until he read
it in the press, Mr. Marchand stuck with the political interpretation of
the incident. He still believes Mr. Chretien is at fault, he said, for not
pressing harder to ensure that cabinet ministers were informed of the
case.

Documents submitted to the committee indicated that Mr. Marchand's
office had been informed twice by Mr. Chretien's office about the Mashat
case before it became public.

Mr. Marchand did not answer when Liberal external affairs critic Lloyd
Axworthy tried to find out who had written the original explanation for
the House of Commons that had blamed civil servants "who had gone beyond
what had been required of them."

In another revelation about turmoil within the External Affairs
Department over the Mashat case, the officer in charge of the security
division, which had been directly involved in handling the Mashat case,
said he felt Mr. Chretien had been unfairly singled out and he tried to
make a public statement that he shared responsibility. But Mr. Marchand
blocked that statement.

Anthony Vincent, who chaired the interdepartmental committee dealing
with defectors, told the committee that he believed Mr. Mashat's life
could have been in danger if the Iraqi regime had ever learned he tried to
"change sides" by seeking entry to Canada. Even though Mr. Mashat didn't
qualify as a defector, he should have been helped on humanitarian grounds,
Mr. Vincent said.

Mr. Mashat, who is also a former ambassador to Britain, France and
Austria, left his Washington post for Vienna on Jan. 15, one day before
hostilities erupted in the Persian Gulf. Iraq had been ordered to reduce
its diplomatic staff in the United States.

In a move widely seen as a defection, Mr. Mashat subsequently applied
for Canadian landed-immigrant status. After being accepted and processed
in near-record time, he arrived in Canada on March 30.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

Store Employee Sued for Improper 'Stacking'

BYLINE: Deborah Elkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 417  words


A Wal-Mart shopper who alleges she was injured when store merchandise fell onto
her head and shoulders can sue Wal-Mart employees for alleged negligence in
mishandling merchandise being stacked on store shelves; because the individual
store employees are properly named, there was no fraudulent joinder and the
Alexandria U.S. District Court remands the personal injury suit to state court.

Defendants cite AIDS Counseling & Testing & Grp. W. Tel. Inc., 903 F.2d 1000
(4th Cir. 1990), for the proposition that the "no possibility" standard is to be
applied reasonably, not rigidly, and that a district court should look outside
the pleadings and to the entire record in order to determine whether there was
fraudulent joinder insofar as the plaintiff has a "real intention to get a joint
judgment. " This is generally referred to as the "real intention" standard
However, a close examination of AIDS Counseling and the 4th Circuit's subsequent
decisions concerning fraudulent joinder reveals that the "no possibility"
standard - not the "real intention" standard is the correct standard for
fraudulent joinder. Although a district court may look beyond the pleadings in
determining whether there is fraudulent joinder in certain circumstances, it is
neither necessary nor appropriate to do so here.

Here, it is clear that plaintiff has stated a claim upon which she can establish
a defendant employee's liability. Specifically, plaintiff alleges two claims
against the employee: 1) that while he was in an adjacent aisle he negligently
mishandled merchandise, causing harm to plaintiff; and in the alternative, 2)
that he negligently supervised the handling of merchandise by his fellow
employees, which caused harm to plaintiff. Plaintiff need only show that one of
these claims states a viable cause  of action under Virginia law.

Defendants have not shown that there is "no possibility" that plaintiff would be
able to establish a claim against the store employee. Although plaintiff's claim
for negligent supervision might be barred insofar as a failure to supervise is
an omission, it does not bar plaintiff's claim of negligent mishandling, an
affirmative negligent action.

Motion to remand is granted.

Allard v. LaRoya (Ellis) No. 1:15cv1678, Feb. 5, 2016; USDC at Alexandria, Va.;
Jon F. Mains for plaintiff; John M. Murdock for defendant. VLW 016-3-060, 9 pp.

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Students Push To Make Campus Sexual Assault A State Issue

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: Washington


Generation Progress has issued the following news release:

A new Inside Higher Ed survey recently found that 78 percent of college and
university presidents do not believe that campus sexual assault is a problem on
their campus. But students in New York State are asking for state oversight on
cases because they do not trust their universities.

"I didn't trust my school to take my complaint seriously because of Columbia's
history of grossly mishandling sexual violence cases in our community," said Zoe
Ridolfi-Star, a senior at Columbia University, to Capital New York.

Under the "Enough is Enough" legislation, New York governor Andrew Cuomo is
pushing all private universities in the state to be required to abide by the
same rules that all State University of New York System universities currently
abide by. This would include a "yes means yes" policy, as well as the
opportunity to have state police handle any sexual assault cases.

"As law enforcement officials, we are often the entity to whom victims reach out
to for help," said James Voutour, the president of the New York State Sheriffs
Association, in a press release. "It is critical students on campuses across the
state know that they share that right and have the power to choose how and where
they report incidents of sexual assault, including every level of law
enforcement in the state."

Nationwide, it is said that less than 5 percent of victims of sexual assault
report their cases to any entity. For many, the reason behind the lack of
reporting is fear that their college will not try their case fairly, and fail to
protect them as they do so.

Sejal Singh, another senior at Columbia University shared with Capital New York
her experience of being sexually assaulted during her freshman year at college
and explained that her reason for not reporting was directly related with
Columbia's historic handling of cases.

"Columbia has a well-deserved reputation for mishandling cases and punishing
rapists with a slap on the wrist," said Singh.

The examples she used were three separate male students who had been found
guilty of sexually assaulting female students. Their punishments included "a
one-semester suspension, a revocation of campus housing or a requirement to
write a reflective essay."

If Governor Cuomo's proposed legislation regarding campus sexual assault were to
pass, it would mandate that any student who is found guilty of sexually
assaulting another student must be suspended or expelled from his or her
university.

"New York is taking a stand by proposing the strongest measures in the nation to
combat sexual assault on college campuses," said Governor Cuomo in a statement.

Governor Cuomo has attached this piece of legislation to his proposed budget for
New York State. Many have signed on to support "Enough is Enough," including
student activists and high-profile celebrities, like Whoopi Goldberg.

The push by New York State's government to implement a plan that would move
forward in countering campus sexual assault is exactly what many student
activists, anti-rape advocates, and other government officials have been asking
for.

"In order to have any real change, you need to accept that there's a problem,
and we can't get to that real change unless [college presidents] acknowledge
it," said Annie Clark, a sexual assault survivor and co-founder of the
organization End Rape on Campus, to the Huffington Post.

Seventy-eight percent of college presidents might not believe campus sexual
assault is an issue on their campus, but students are making noise and proving
otherwise.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Students Push To Make Campus Sexual Assault A State Issue

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: Washington


Generation Progress has issued the following news release:

A new Inside Higher Ed survey recently found that 78 percent of college and
university presidents do not believe that campus sexual assault is a problem on
their campus. But students in New York State are asking for state oversight on
cases because they do not trust their universities.

"I didn't trust my school to take my complaint seriously because of Columbia's
history of grossly mishandling sexual violence cases in our community," said Zoe
Ridolfi-Star, a senior at Columbia University, to Capital New York.

Under the "Enough is Enough" legislation, New York governor Andrew Cuomo is
pushing all private universities in the state to be required to abide by the
same rules that all State University of New York System universities currently
abide by. This would include a "yes means yes" policy, as well as the
opportunity to have state police handle any sexual assault cases.

"As law enforcement officials, we are often the entity to whom victims reach out
to for help," said James Voutour, the president of the New York State Sheriffs
Association, in a press release. "It is critical students on campuses across the
state know that they share that right and have the power to choose how and where
they report incidents of sexual assault, including every level of law
enforcement in the state."

Nationwide, it is said that less than 5 percent of victims of sexual assault
report their cases to any entity. For many, the reason behind the lack of
reporting is fear that their college will not try their case fairly, and fail to
protect them as they do so.

Sejal Singh, another senior at Columbia University shared with Capital New York
her experience of being sexually assaulted during her freshman year at college
and explained that her reason for not reporting was directly related with
Columbia's historic handling of cases.

"Columbia has a well-deserved reputation for mishandling cases and punishing
rapists with a slap on the wrist," said Singh.

The examples she used were three separate male students who had been found
guilty of sexually assaulting female students. Their punishments included "a
one-semester suspension, a revocation of campus housing or a requirement to
write a reflective essay."

If Governor Cuomo's proposed legislation regarding campus sexual assault were to
pass, it would mandate that any student who is found guilty of sexually
assaulting another student must be suspended or expelled from his or her
university.

"New York is taking a stand by proposing the strongest measures in the nation to
combat sexual assault on college campuses," said Governor Cuomo in a statement.

Governor Cuomo has attached this piece of legislation to his proposed budget for
New York State. Many have signed on to support "Enough is Enough," including
student activists and high-profile celebrities, like Whoopi Goldberg.

The push by New York State's government to implement a plan that would move
forward in countering campus sexual assault is exactly what many student
activists, anti-rape advocates, and other government officials have been asking
for.

"In order to have any real change, you need to accept that there's a problem,
and we can't get to that real change unless [college presidents] acknowledge
it," said Annie Clark, a sexual assault survivor and co-founder of the
organization End Rape on Campus, to the Huffington Post.

Seventy-eight percent of college presidents might not believe campus sexual
assault is an issue on their campus, but students are making noise and proving
otherwise.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

The Causes of Food-Borne Illness

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTER; Pg.

LENGTH: 166 words


To the Editor:

Although Eric Schlosser (''Unsafe at Any Meal,'' Op-Ed, July 25) is correct that
food-borne illness is common and sometimes serious, he misdiagnoses its primary
underlying causes, and not surprisingly, he endorses the wrong remedy.

Most cases of food poisoning do not result from ''unchecked corporate power,''
''centralization and industrialization of the American food system,'' or
companies' selling ''contaminated products.'' Widespread, multistate outbreaks
from a single source are, in fact, rare.

The vast majority of food poisoning is caused by individuals' mishandling of
food; common lapses include the mishandling or undercooking of poultry and the
inadequate refrigeration of food.

More expansive, expensive, onerous regulation is not the answer; better
education of consumers is.

Henry I. Miller Stanford, Calif., July 26, 2010

The writer, a doctor and a fellow at the Hoover Institution, was the founding
director of the Food and Drug Administration's Office of Biotechnology.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sacramento Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 4, 2006 Monday

Campaign 2006 Ad watch: Executive Life bond debacle cited in criticism

BYLINE: Peter Hecht, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words


Sep. 4--The state Republican Party has launched a television ad attacking state
Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi for mishandling the collapse of the
Executive Life Insurance Co.

The ad targeting Garamendi, a Democrat running against Republican state Sen. Tom
McClintock, R-Thousand Oaks, for lieutenant governor, began running Aug. 28 in
the Sacramento and Los Angeles media markets.

Following is the text of the ad and an analysis by Peter Hecht of The Bee
Capitol Bureau.

-- SCRIPT (Read by Sue and Vince Watson):

"We lost our home ... and our handicapped daughter almost lost her medical care
... because of John Garamendi.

As insurance commissioner, Garamendi sold our insurance company to a junk bond
king and foreign bank.

They made billions while elderly and handicapped policyholders were financially
devastated.

Garamendi accepted contributions from lawyers who profited from the deal ... and
even took a $100,000 job from the lead investor's partner.

John Garamendi didn't protect us. How can you trust him to protect you?"

ANALYSIS: The GOP advertisement attempts to weaken Garamendi, a former
gubernatorial candidate and statewide officeholder, by exploiting what is
perhaps his greatest political vulnerability.

Garamendi has long been dogged by criticism for allegedly mishandling the
collapse of the Executive Life Insurance Co.

In 1991, during Garamendi's first stint as insurance commissioner, he seized
control of Executive Life to protect its 330,000 policyholders because of heavy
losses in the company's multibillion dollar junk bond portfolio.

Garamendi sold the company's assets in 1992 for $3.25 billion to an investor
group financed by Credit Lyonnais, a banking firm owned by the French
government. After the firm resold the assets at a hefty markup, Garamendi
received intense criticism from many Executive Life policyholders for not
getting the best deal on their behalf.

Garamendi claimed he was duped in the deal and said he would have found a
different buyer if he had known the assets were being sold to a bank associated
with the French government.

Last year, U.S. District Judge A. Howard Matz awarded Executive Life
policyholders $190 million from Artemis, a French luxury goods firm that Martz
ruled had fraudulently acquired the company's assets. But the judge also
challenged depictions of the events by Garamendi and his office, saying their
accounts of what happened were "devoid of credibility."

California Auditor General Elaine Howle is due to issue findings this fall on a
state audit investigating the disposal of the Executive Life assets.

The protagonists in the anti-Garamendi ad, Sue and Vince Watson of Phoenix, were
investors who lost money in the Executive Life meltdown.

But directly blaming Garamendi is a stretch. And the Republican ad -- titled
"Garamendi Truth" -- also makes some questionable claims.

Its statement that Garamendi took money "from lawyers who profited from the
deal" ignores the fact that the lawyers who contributed to his 2002 race for
insurance commissioner were representing the victims of the Executive Life
debacle -- not the perpetrators.

The allegation that Garamendi "took a $100,000 job from the lead investor's
partner" attempts to link Garamendi to Leon Black, a New York financier, who
helped arrange the French banking firm's 1991 purchase of the Executive Life
assets.

The inference of a business connection between Garamendi and Black is another
stretch. Garamendi went to work in 1998 for the Yucaipa Companies, a Los Angeles
investment firm. Three years earlier, Black's Apollo Advisors had financed
Yucaipa's purchase of three grocery store chains.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sacramento Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20060904-SA-0904-Campaign-2006-Ad-watch-Executive-Life-bond-debacle-cited-in-cri
ticism

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SA


                         Copyright 2006 Sacramento Bee


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      April 9, 2002 Tuesday, Final Edition

Trial ordered in lawyer's ethics case;
The decision affects a high-profile trial for three women accused of assaulting
police.

BYLINE: GREGORY D. KESICH Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 474 words


A judge will determine whether Charles Williams, a civil rights lawyer, should
lose his right to practice law in Maine for ethics violations, the Board of
Overseers of the Bar announced Monday.

Williams has been accused of mishandling clients' cases, failing to pay for
office services and not meeting his professional responsibilities to provide
information to judges and opposing attorneys.

The most serious complaint comes from a Minot woman who says Williams had sex
with her when he was supposed to be working on her child custody case and
protection-from-abuse order.

The complaints against Williams were the subject of a hearing by a grievance
panel of the Board of Overseers held over three days, ending Friday. The panel
was asked to determine, based on the testimony of witnesses and Williams'
defense, whether there was probable cause to believe that Williams committed
violations serious enough to suspend or disbar him. On Monday, the panel issued
its finding that there should be a trial.

The decision, along with a motion to suspend Williams from practice pending the
outcome of the trial, again upsets the scheduling of a high-profile criminal
trial involving three women accused of assaulting police officers.

The women, Alba Okot and her daughters Susan and Alice, are immigrants from
Sudan. Williams said he was prepared to argue that police used unnecessary force
because the women were of African descent. Williams said it was the officers who
assaulted the women, and he made that charge the basis of a $100 million
civil-rights lawsuit in federal court.

The criminal trial was scheduled to begin last month, but after jury selection
it was delayed when Alice Okot went into labor and could not be in the
courtroom.

The trial was rescheduled for the last week of April. If Williams is suspended,
the case will be delayed again.

J. Scott Davis, the lawyer for the Board of Overseers, filed a petition Friday
asking that Williams be suspended from his law practice while awaiting trial on
the ethics violations. To suspend Williams, a Maine Supreme Judicial Court
justice would have to decide that he is likely to lose his case on the ethics
violations. Williams has 10 days to respond to the petition, and may practice
law in Maine in the meantime.

No date has been set for Williams' trial, which will be held before a single
state Supreme Court justice. Williams could appeal a losing verdict to the full
Supreme Court.

Reached at his home in Norwood, Mass., Williams refused to say whether his
troubles would impact the Okot case, or whether he planned to practice law in
Maine in the future.

The phone in Williams' Lewiston office has been disconnected for a month, with
no forwarding information.

Staff Writer Gregory D. Kesich can be contacted at 791-6336 or at:

gkesich@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo
Charles Williams, shown at a press conference in July with members of the Okote
family, is accused of mishandling cases, having sex with a client and other
ethics violations.

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                             March 13, 1998, Friday

Court Suspends P.G. Lawyer for 30 Days Mishandling of Funds Deemed Sloppy but
Unintentional

BYLINE: By Mark Cheshire; Daily Record Legal Affairs Writer

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 555 words


A Prince George's County lawyer was suspended yesterday for his failed effort to
bail out a client's restaurant, "Sweet n' Spicy," with a loan.

The Court of Appeals suspended Lester A.D. Adams for 30 days for lending a bad
check and then mishandling the repayment.

In handing down the short suspension, the state's highest court said Adams'
misuse was an honest mistake.

"In the case at hand, although the respondent's actions were sloppy and
negligent, and involved the inappropriate handling of client funds, his conduct
did not amount to an intentional misuse of the client's funds," wrote Judge Dale
R. Cathell.

Three years ago this month, Adams accompanied his client and long-time friend
Merlyn G. McPherson to a federal office to help her get approval to open a
restaurant.

McPherson was told she needed to pay $ 2,000 in delinquent taxes before being
approved. Adams drew a check for the amount on his law office's account.

Adams later admitted that he didn't know if sufficient funds were in the account
to cover the check. However, he lent the money on the belief that McPherson
would repay later that same day. She did not.

Twice the check bounced.

With the money McPherson eventually did send, Adams paid other bills. When the
federal agency, the Office of the Director of Compliance for the Comptroller of
the Treasury, called about the debt, Adams promised a cashier's check the next
day.

Adams didn't deliver the check for more than a month. During the interim, the
Attorney Grievance Commission contacted him about the situation.

The judge conducting the fact-finding hearing in Adams' case said the mistake
was not the bad check, but that he wrote checks for other purposes with the late
repayment.

Adams should have deposited the repayment in a trust account or repaid the
comptroller in part. McPherson's repayment fell short of the total "loan" by $
100.


Commingling of funds

Because he did neither, Adams "allowed [c]lient funds to be converted and
commingled with other monies in the firm's operating account," said Prince
George's County Circuit Court Judge Sheila R. Tillerson-Adams.

Adams balked, saying that his behavior did not breach professional rules because
the transaction represented expenses loaned on the client's behalf.

Finding no previous cases addressing Adams' alleged loophole, the Court of
Appeals said it was not persuaded that the transaction was an exception to the
rule.

"At the time he issued the check, even if the matter involved advancement of
proper expenses under the exception, [Adams] was not advancing expenses on the
client's behalf because he had insufficient funds to advance," Cathell said.

Adams also countered that the trial judge was wrong to say that he failed to
keep client money separate from the law office's. The repayment, Adams said,
belonged to him because it was a repayment.

Answered Cathell: "The $ 1,900 was not a repayment under the circumstances of
this case."

Cathell did go on to correct the trial judge on a minor point.

Tillerson-Adams said that at least Adams' motivation was good. But Cathell, in a
footnote, bristled that it was not good. "It is, instead, as the case indicates,
a risky practice," he said.

In addition to the suspension, Adams must also pay for a monitor to review his
practice for a year.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 The Daily Record Co.


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 4, 2014 Friday

Washington: San Diego Neighborhood Pharmacist Pays $150,000 Penalty for
Mishandling Drugs

LENGTH: 94  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Drug Enforcement Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former owner of a San Diego pharmacy, Alma Jean Loechler, 66, San Diego, has
entered into a civil settlement agreement with the federal government and paid
$147,500 this week for allegedly mishandling significant amounts of
highly-addictive and frequently-abused prescription narcotics. The settlement is
with Alma Jean Loechler, a licensed pharmacist and former owner of Sixth Avenue
Pharmacy in Hillcrest.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                              May 31, 2005 Tuesday

SECTION: SECTION TO THE POINT; NATION; NATIONAL EDITION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 185 words


Law hits mayor for letting gays wed

New Paltz, N.Y., Mayor Jason West faces 24 misdemeanor counts of violating the
state's domestic relations law by marrying couples without licenses in late
February 2004. He faces fines and up to a year in jail if convicted. West says
he was defending the couples' rights.

Probe faults Quran "mishandling'

Investigators have documented five cases, out of 13 alleged incidents, in which
military personnel mishandled Qurans, the Muslim holy book, at Guantanamo Bay,
but they also have found no "credible evidence" that one was flushed down a
toilet. In three of the five cases, the mishandling appears to have been
deliberate. In the other two, it was accidental.

Dems seek more Bolton papers

Democrats said they hoped the Senate's Thursday 56-42 vote postponing approval
of John Bolton as U.N. ambassador would either compel the White House to release
long-sought classified info about the nominee or force it to pick someone else
for the job. Republicans said the Dem filibuster against Bolton violated the
spirit of the compromise made just Tuesday evening.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                                www.investors.com


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 24, 1995, Thursday

GO-AHEAD FOR ABORT DOC OUTRAGE AS HE GETS TEMPORARY OK TO RESUME PRACTICE

BYLINE: By MICHAEL FINNEGAN WITH VIRGINIA BREEN AND LAURIE C. MERRILL

SECTION: News; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 502 words


ALBANY The upper East Side gynecologist charged with gross negligence for
mishandling abortions and injuring patients has won temporary permission to
resume limited medical practice.

The decision outraged state officials and watchdog groups.

Dr. Herbert Schwarz won a Manhattan Supreme Court order Tuesday that allows him
to practice medicine but not perform abortions pending a Sept. 13 court hearing.

State Health Commissioner Barbara DeBuono warned that the ruling by Justice
Richard Lowe "endangers the health of New York women."

"I am outraged that a judge has allowed this physician to continue to see
patients, when I and a panel of physicians have determined that he poses an
imminent risk to the public," DeBuono said.

She told agency lawyers to seek legal steps to reimpose the suspension before
next month's hearing, which will decide if Schwarz should be allowed to resume
his practice indefinitely.

"The judge should have been more sensitive to the potential plight of patients,"
said Blair Horner, legislative director for the New York Public Interest
Research Group.

Lowe could not be reached for comment, and Schwarz did not return repeated
calls.

In a court affidavit, however, the 65-year-old doctor said he had performed
45,000 abortions and "never had a single patient fatality."

The license suspension, Schwarz wrote, "will not only destroy my practice,
deprive me of my livelihood and ruin my reputation . . . but deprive my patients
of the constitutionally protected medical care of their choosing."

But Health Department officials termed Schwarz a medical menace.

DeBuono suspended his license last week, accusing him of mishandling 11 abortion
cases since 1994 including one in which a young woman was left sterile.

A Daily News review of court and state records after the suspension revealed
that Schwarz left a 17-year trail of mishandled abortions and seriously injured
patients.

Schwarz was accused of puncturing patients' uteruses or performing incomplete
abortions in at least seven medical malpractice lawsuits filed against him since
1978, the records show.

He paid $ 133,000 to settle two of the cases out of court.

Red-faced state health officials conceded that a bureaucratic loophole kept them
from learning about the settlement payments and initiating a swifter
investigation of Schwarz.

State health officials filed similar negligence charges against Schwarz in 1982.

But an investigation at that time found him guilty only of sloppy recordkeeping
a decision that resulted in a six-month license suspension.

Schwarz is not the first city abortion doctor allowed to resume practice despite
allegations of negligence and incompetence.

Dr. David Benjamin won a similar legal reprieve from the state's 1993 suspension
of his license.

The Queens doctor was convicted of second-degree murder Aug. 8 in the death of
Guadalupe Negron a patient who went to him for an abortion while his suspension
was under appeal.


LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: RICHARD HARBUS
Dr. Herbert Schwarz

JACK SMITH DAILY NEWS POSH upper East Side apartment building where Dr. Herbert
Schwarz has his medical practice. At top is his home in Yonkers.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: McCaul on the Department of Homeland Security Mishandling Thousands
of Green Cards

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Homeland Security
has issued the following press release:



 House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-TX) issued the
following statement on the heels of a Department of Homeland Security (DHS)
Inspector General report highlighting the mishandling of thousands of Green
Cards over the past three years.





 Chairman McCaul: "This is unacceptable. We cannot let 'free passes' into
America fall into the wrong hands and be used by terrorists, criminals, or
others to hide amongst us. Whether it's aviation security or the security of our
immigration system, the American people are losing faith that DHS is able to do
its job. This is yet another wake up call that it's time for sweeping reform
across the Department. The American people are fed up with business as usual.
They are demanding, once and for all, that we secure our borders, enforce our
immigration laws, and shut down all illegal pathways into the United States. And
Congress and the new President are going to honor that request."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

Soldier's effects continue to turn up

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1073 words


March 18--One Army widow's nightmare just won't end.

Brittany Frazier buried her husband in late 2009, only to learn two months later
that not all of his remains were included.

Now, more than two years after Sgt. Daniel Frazier died a hero in Afghanistan,
his widow has learned that not all of his personal belongings were returned to
her, either.

Frazier, who said she has relived her husband's death with each new revelation,
feels betrayed.

She wonders how many other widows or family members of deceased soldiers have
gone through similar torment.

"I'm angry," she said. "What else are they hiding? Body parts? Belongings? It's
just frustrating."

Each time, the news was delivered to Frazier by a casualty assistance officer
relaying information from officials at Dover Air Force Base mortuary in
Delaware.

News that personal effects of soldiers who have been dead for years have been
sitting at the mortuary is the latest issue to surface at the Dover facility,
which as been plagued by problems.

Dover is the entry point for remains of U.S. service members. It has been at the
forefront of several scandals involving the mishandling of remains in recent
years.

Late last year, a military investigation accused three managers at the mortuary
of misconduct. One of those officials, the survivor assistance program manager,
resigned this month, and two other supervisors have been punished for
retaliating against whistle-blowers, according to the Associated Press.

In November, the Air Force admitted to losing small body parts of U.S. troops
killed in Afghanistan on two occasions in 2009 and to sawing off the arm of a
Marine in 2010.

Frazier's husband would have passed through Dover in late 2009, after the two
instances in which Dover officials admitted to misplacing remains.

It is unclear whether the handling of Frazier's remains would constitute a third
incident.

In February, a report on mismanagement at the Dover mortuary revealed that
remains of those killed in the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks were mishandled
when they were dumped in a landfill.

Officials at the base deferred comment about the Frazier case to the Office of
the Secretary of Defense. Numerous messages left with spokespeople in that
office over the past week were not returned.

Daniel Frazier was one of two paratroopers who died heroes Nov. 19, 2009.

He and Staff Sgt. John Cleaver were killed when a suicide bomber attacked their
patrol outside Forward Operating Base Shajoy in Zabul province. The two Fort
Bragg soldiers, both with the 82nd Airborne Division's 4th Brigade Combat Team,
intercepted the bomber's vehicle, saving lives while sacrificing their own.

Frazier buried her husband in December 2009. Two months later, a casualty
assistance officer contacted her to say more of her husband's remains had been
found.

"I couldn't take it," said Frazier, who said she was still reeling from her
husband's death.

She said she could not bare another burial, so the remains were sent to her
father-in-law, instead.

Frazier said she doesn't know whether the remains were found in Afghanistan, or
if they had been misplaced at Dover.

Most recently, Frazier was contacted Monday by a casualty assistance officer.

This time, she said, the representative told her that Dover had her husband's
iPod.

Frazier said she believes the most recent call was the latest of several
instances of "mishandling and disrespect of the remains and personal property"
of soldiers killed in action.

"It's like I've been notified (of his death) all over again," Frazier said. "Why
did it take two-and-a-half years?"

Officials had kept the iPod, she said she was told, because they wanted to make
sure it did not contain classified information.

Frazier doesn't believe the explanation.

"I am being lied to," she said. "If they knew where it was, I don't understand
why they didn't just wipe it clean. They are putting me through this all over
again."

Frazier, 26, of Greensboro, still lives in Fayetteville and volunteers for the
casualty assistance office at Fort Bragg.

She thought the iPod, which she said her husband listened to through his armored
vehicle's internal speakers, didn't survive the blast.

A laptop Sgt. Frazier had with him in Afghanistan was returned. Officials were
able to wipe the hard drive of the computer, which was protected by a
fingerprint scanner, she said. So why couldn't they wipe the iPod's data clean,
too?

"It was a load of crap," Frazier said. "Almost every soldier going overseas is
going to have an iPod, they shouldn't have an issue just resetting it."

Frazier filed a complaint with Congressman Larry Kissell's office Monday. Since
then, she has heard from Kissell and Lt. Gen. William Troy, director of the Army
staff.

Frazier said Troy, who works at the Pentagon, told her that her husband's iPod
was part of a list of 58 similar situations waiting to be cleared by the
mortuary.

Frazier said she doesn't understand why she wasn't told about the iPod earlier.
She said Troy told her he was working with Dover staff to make sure the issue is
corrected.

Officials could not be reached to confirm Troy's remark.

Kissell, who is on the House Armed Services Committee, has spoken to the chiefs
of staff for the Army and the Air Force about the issue and is working to ensure
it will not happen again, a spokesman for the congressman said.

"The congressman is disgusted by what we've seen happen there," the spokesman
said.

"It's a matter of making sure it doesn't happen again," he said.

Frazier said she hopes the attention will stop officials from making similar
errors in the future.

On Friday, she visited a memorial paver stone dedicated to her husband at the
Airborne & Special Operations Museum in downtown Fayetteville. She placed roses
atop the marker and gently cleaned pollen from the crevices.

Frazier said she visits the paver stone every week or so, but comes more
frequently when she is upset.

Since learning of her husband's belongings at Dover, she has visited the museum
three times.

"I'm just tired of the game going back and forth," she said. "It's like it never
ends. It's ridiculous -- how many times can they make you relive it?"

"I want to wake up and know that there are no more of my husband's body parts or
personal effects laying around in a warehouse somewhere," she said.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120318-FY-Soldier-s-effects-continue-to-turn-up-20120318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Mishandling Likely Cause of FCA Supervision Director's Step Down

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Clutch Group has issued the following news release:

In March of this year, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) found itself in the
midst of a public relations crisis when British media leaked a story that the
regulator would alter the terms of 30 million life-insurance policies, causing
their values to plummet.  The announcement caused major fallout in the insurance
stocks market and solicited criticism from insurance providers, politicians, the
media, the stock market and consumers, triggering a £3 billion loss in insurance
firm market values. The FCA's actions were part of a probe into the life
insurance industry.

FCA Director of Supervision, Clive Adamson, was a key player in the insurance
probe.  Adamson, a seven year FCA veteran, plans to step down in the upcoming
months, but has not confirmed that his exit was prompted by the March
announcement.  His departure announcement is, however, uniquely timed, given
that Clifford Chance's investigation into the insurance probe mishandling is
scheduled to be released in a week.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                    November 4, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

UC BERKELEY PROFESSOR VIEWS LEE AS POLICY VICTIM;
* THE EDUCATOR HAS BEEN A VOCAL SUPPORTER OF THE LOS ALAMOS NUCLEAR SCIENTIST

BYLINE: Andrea Widener

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 675 words


The case of former Los Alamos Laboratory nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee has had a
rippling effect on the Asian American community, producing an odd combination of
empowerment and fear.

Lee's firing, imprisonment and later release on charges of mishandling
classified nuclear weapons data outraged some Asian Americans and unified them
in support of the scientist, a UC Berkeley ethnic studies professor said Friday.

But the case and its links to the world of the FBI, the CIA and foreign
espionage terrified others and forced them to remain silent for fear they will
be viewed as un-American, said Ling-chi Wang, who has been a vocal supporter of
Lee.

It isn't surprising the scientist was singled out for prosecution, Wang said.
Asian Americans have faced discrimination before, and will undoubtedly face it
again, he explained.

After nine months of solidarity confinement, Lee pleaded guilty in September to
one of 59 counts of mishandling classified data. Asian Americans contended Lee
was singled out for the charges because he is a Taiwanese American. The
government vehemently denied those charges and said Lee violated numerous
security rules while at Los Alamos.

"Asian Americans have been, essentially, the unsuspecting and unwilling victims
of our foreign policy," Wang said at a meeting of the Pacific Asian North
American Institute at UC Berkeley's Pacific School of Religion.

Discrimination against Asian Americans began in 1882, when the Chinese Exclusion
Act made Chinese Americans the first group to be excluded from the United States
solely on the basis of race.

"It added the Chinese to the list of people ineligible for immigration, a list
which up until then included only lepers, prostitutes and morons," Wang said.

The act was followed closely by the 1893 Supreme Court case of Fong Yue Ting,
which allowed the government to deport Chinese residents without judicial
review.

"Being perpetual aliens is the first defining characteristic of Asian
Americans," Wang said. "Asian Americans are presumed foreigners, even if they
are citizens of the U.S."

That didn't end in recent times, Wang said, citing four recent examples of
discrimination.

* During World War II, American citizens of Japanese descent were considered
"enemy aliens" and ordered into concentration camps.

* During the Korean and Vietnam wars, China was a sworn enemy of the U.S., and
many Chinese Americans were harassed and intimidated by the government.

* In the early 1980s, Japanese economic power was blamed for the U.S. economic
recession. During that time, Chinese-American engineer Vincent Chin was killed
by two unemployed white auto workers.

* Most recently, China has become the new threat to national security, and that
was played out in the political campaign finance scandal, when several Asian
Americans were accused of laundering money and spying for China.

"The treatment is linked directly to the fluctuating relationship we have with
China and Japan," Wang said.

These scandals have each had an important impact on how Asian Americans see
themselves in the United States culture, Wang said. Many theorists attribute
Asian Americans' lack of political force to their culture and upbringing of
subservience. But Wang says their past treatment might explain it instead.

"We don't have to go back to Confucian ethics to explain this," he said.

The Lee case has spurred some political action by Asian Americans, said Wang,
who has initiated a protest boycott of the national labs, raised money for Lee's
defense and, most recently, asked President Clinton to apologize to Lee and to
pardon his September guilty plea.

Despite its widespread attention in the last year, the Lee case still hasn't
changed how Asian Americans are viewed in politics here, Wang said.

"Yet this case has received not one single comment from Al Gore or George W.
Bush," he said. "How do you explain that?"

Andrea Widener covers science and the area's national laboratories. Reach her at
925-847-2158 or awidener@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Ling-Chi Wang, mug.

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                              June 30, 2008 Monday

Bellach's Leather heads into Ch. 7

BYLINE: by John Blakeley

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 417 words



HIGHLIGHT: The troubled furniture retailer battles allegations of fraudulent
insider transactions and mishandling of at least $1 million in customer
deposits.


A California judge has converted Bellach's Leather Furniture for Living Inc.'s
bankruptcy to a Chapter 7 liquidation.

The conversion comes just a month after the court appointed a Chapter 11 trustee
for the troubled furniture retailer mired in allegations of fraudulent insider
transactions and mishandling of at least $1 million in customer deposits.

Judge Alan Jaroslovsky of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of
California in Santa Rosa converted the case in a Thursday, June 26, order at the
request of Sara L. Kistler, the U.S. trustee for the region,

Virtually every constituent in the case, from Bellach's official committee of
unsecured creditors to the Chapter 11 trustee herself, joined Kistler's request
for a conversion.

The Chapter 11 trustee, Andrea A. Wirum, said in court filings that the debtor's
two main officers, Jerome and Katherin Bellach, failed to respond to requests
for the company's financial records since her May 16 appointment. Wirum
eventually found that the records she requested were moved to the Bellach's home
from the company's Cotati, Calif., offices.

Since filing for Chapter 11 protection on March 3, Bellach's has suffered
operating losses of about $200,000 per month, has not funded its payroll, nor
paid taxes, and has racked up about $619,824 in unpaid administrative expenses,
according to court filings.

Wirum estimated Bellach's needs capital contributions totaling "millions of
dollars," to stay in business, prompting Kistler to say there is "virtually no
prospects for reorganization."

The more than $700,000 in losses Bellach's has incurred this March, April and
May alone continue a trend that have plagued the company for the past two-plus
years. In 2006, Bellach's lost $360,000 on sales of $7.5 million, followed by a
loss of more than $1 million on $5.5 million in sales in 2007, court records
show.

Bellach's lost whatever chance it had to remain in Chapter 11, however, by
allegedly not cooperating with Wirum's administration of the estate. According
to filings by the Chapter 11 trustee, Bellach's refused to turn over accounting
records to Wirum until she moved to change the locks on the company's offices.

"The trustee has also identified many questionable transfers of the debtor's
funds prior to her confirmation as Chapter 11 trustee," Kistler said in her
motion to convert the case.

Because Jaroslovsky converted the case to a Chapter 7 on June 26, Kistler on
July 28 will seek to vacate the order appointing a Chapter 11 trustee.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2008 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     November 12, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

DEAN WITTER MUST PAY $14 MILLION FOR MISHANDLING ACCOUNT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 361 words


MINDEN, Nev. A judge has given final approval to a $14 million jury award
against financial giant Dean Witter Reynolds and one of its senior vice
presidents.

Douglas District Court Judge David Gamble approved the award against the company
and Warren House for permitting assets of an elderly Lake Tahoe woman's estate
to be depleted.

Gamble's action came about two months after the Nevada Supreme Court unanimously
upheld a 1996 Douglas District Court jury finding against Dean Witter and House
for conspiring to convert personal and real property.

Lawyers for the woman's estate have said the $14 million award was the largest
single-plaintiff award ever in Douglas County and possibly the state.

In August, the state Supreme Court ordered the company and House to pay $4.1
million in compensatory damages to the heirs of Elfreda Gardner, a Douglas
County resident who died in 1993. That figure was up $1.5 million over the
jury's award.

At the same time, justices upheld the jury's finding that Dean Witter should pay
$6 million in punitive damages while House should pay $50,000.

With interest, the amount totaled about $14 million.

At issue was the management of Gardner's assets. A jury decided Dean Witter and
House knowingly helped deplete her estate by mishandling her money.

Assets worth $8 million were transferred from Gardner's account to the control
of her nephew Jack Gardner, a California lawyer. She allegedly signed all of the
account documents. Jack Gardner and Donald Brooks, manager of Dean Witter's Lake
Tahoe office, testified they witnessed the signatures.

But the state Supreme Court said two handwriting experts testified the
signatures were not those of Elfreda Gardner.

After Elfreda Gardner's death at age 93, Jack Gardner continued to transfer
assets from her account to his control. The court said Dean Witter allowed the
transfers, despite its policy of freezing accounts when a client dies.

Dean Witter and House contend that their acts were negligent at best, and they
were only complying with the requests of Jack Gardner, who had authority to act
on his aunt's behalf.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    August 10, 1996, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Business Around the World;
Thyssen officials probed in $ 49 million fraud case

BYLINE: From our news services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01E

LENGTH: 350 words


Dusseldorf, Germany ---German industrial group Thyssen AG confirmed Friday that
its chief executive officer, Dieter Vogel, and several Thyssen Handelsunion AG
board members were arrested as part of an investigation of alleged mishandling
of funds during the privatization of former East German metal company
Metallurgiehandel.

Berlin justice authorities have said a total of 10 people are under
investigation in connection with the mishandling of funds totaling the
equivalent of $ 49 million.

BRITAIN: Cadbury Schweppes PLC was able to get a slightly sweeter price out of
Atlanta-based Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. for its 51 percent stake in a British
bottling joint venture, but won't be getting the money in cash. In a definitive
agreement announced Friday, Coca-Cola Enterprises will pay the equivalent of $
958 million, a slight increase from the original price, for the stake in
Coca-Cola & Schweppes Beverages Ltd. Instead of an all-cash deal, the bulk of
the purchase will be financed by Cadbury through loans to CCE. Completion is
subject to the approval of the shareholders of Cadbury Schweppes and regulators.

EUROPE: German bonds and the mark rose Friday as investors sought safety amid
rising concern a flagging French economy could lead to a delay in adopting a
single currency for Europe. German stocks, however, were mixed as gains in
financial stocks were offset by exporters pressured by a stronger mark. The
benchmark DAX 30 slipped 0.07 percent. Among other indexes, the FT-SE 100 in
London dipped 0.02 percent, while benchmarks fell 1 percent in Spain, 0.4
percent in France, 0.3 percent in Switzerland and 0.1 percent in the
Netherlands.

ITALY: A group led by Italian construction firm Impregilo SpA is expected to
receive a contract worth more than $ 400 million to build the world's
fourth-largest mosque for Abu Dhabi's Sheikh Zayed. Impregilo, which is
controlled by Fiat SpA, beat six other European construction firms in the final
phase of a three-part auction for the contract which began last year. A final
contract is expected by the end of September.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 23, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lawyer's Notoriety Offers Hope to Client Appealing Conviction

BYLINE: By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS; Erin Duggan and Anahad O'Connor contributed
reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 743 words


For months, a Manhattan room-service waiter has sought to overturn his murder
conviction, saying that he was innocent and that his lawyer was incompetent.

The waiter, Elio Cruz, an Ecuadorean immigrant and the 35-year-old father of
three children, said he was surprised when his lawyer asked for thousands of
dollars in cash, without receipts, but trusted him nonetheless. When the lawyer
promised to use $5,000 to hire a private investigator, he believed him.

Now, a year after Mr. Cruz was convicted, his lawyer, Carlos Perez-Olivo, has
been disbarred for mishandling client money and is at the center of a mysterious
shooting, which led to the death of his wife, near his home in Chappaqua, N.Y.

And Mr. Cruz sees a ray of hope that he will be able to take his case back to
court and overturn his conviction.

Mr. Cruz's sister, Tania Humayun, said yesterday that his family was moving
quickly to ensure that the appeal would go forward. She said that although the
family was sorry that Mr. Perez-Olivo had been shot, and his wife killed --
because ''no matter what, you don't wish bad things on someone'' -- they hoped
the attention on the shooting would lead to a re-examination of her brother's
case.

''His children have been destroyed by this,'' Mrs. Humayun said of her brother's
conviction. ''He used to cook and clean and take them to school and take them to
the doctor, even though he used to work till 4 or 5 o'clock in the morning.''

Steven Banks, attorney-in-chief for the Legal Aid Society, said yesterday that
Legal Aid has taken the case. He said one of the agency's appeals lawyers,
Katheryne M. Martone, was representing Mr. Cruz.

''One of our best appellate lawyers now has the case,'' Mr. Banks said, ''and
she has a proven track record of uncovering the truth.''

Ms. Martone was the appellate lawyer for Shih-Wei Su, a Queens man whose
conviction on attempted murder charges was overturned in 2003. It came after he
spent 12 years in prison, when a court ruled that a Queens prosecutor had
elicited false testimony against him.

The prosecutor in the murder case against Mr. Cruz declined to comment on his
appeal. Mr. Cruz is serving 18 years to life in state prison in the Southport
Correctional Facility, in upstate Chemung County, and could not be reached
yesterday. He was convicted last November of killing his wife's lover in a fit
of jealousy in a Chelsea subway station.

During Mr. Perez-Olivo's summation to the jury in Mr. Cruz's case, the defense
lawyer startled spectators by saying that he had forgotten what he wanted to
say. ''There is a lot of other things that honestly I thought of and I can't
think of right now,'' he said.

His memory lapse so incensed one juror, Anne A. Holland, a retired teacher, that
she gave a note to the judge the next morning, attacking Mr. Perez-Olivo's
competence.

In the months after his conviction, Mr. Cruz sent a series of letters to Mr.
Perez-Olivo and to legal authorities, accusing his lawyer of breaching his trust
and mishandling money.

In a letter dated May 15, Mr. Cruz said that his family had scraped together
$33,000 to pay for his defense, but that Mr. Perez-Olivo had provided few
receipts and little accounting. Mr. Cruz said his lawyer promised to use $5,000
to hire a private investigator, but never did.

''This was all the money they had to their names and their savings and such,''
Mr. Cruz said in the letter. ''We placed our trust in you, believing you to be
an honest person.''

In other developments, the police in New Castle, N.Y., drove Mr. Perez-Olivo,
wearing a wool topcoat and fedora, from his home in Chappaqua to the police
station for further questioning. Mr. Perez-Olivo was asked by reporters whether
he hoped the gunman would be captured. ''What do you think?'' he replied.

Asked how he was feeling, he said, ''Wonderful,'' in a fatigued and annoyed
tone.

The police have said they are considering several theories in Saturday night's
shooting in Westchester County and that Mr. Perez-Olivo, 58, has not been ruled
out as a suspect. But he has not been arrested or charged.

He has told the police that he and his wife, Peggy, 55, were driving to their
house, which is three doors away from the home of former President Bill Clinton
and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, when they were ambushed by a gunman who shot
him in the abdomen and his wife in the head. His wife, a teaching assistant at a
local elementary school, died two days later.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Carlos Perez-Olivo, a disbarred lawyer whose wife died from
gunshot wounds, went with a detective into police headquarters yesterday. (Photo
by Alan Zale for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Not Guilty Verdict in Murder of Costa Rican Sea Turtle Conservationist Jairo
Mora Provokes

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Tucson


Center for biological diversity has issued the following press release:

The seven men arrested in the brutal murder of Costa Rican conservationist Jairo
Mora Sandoval and the kidnapping and sexual assault of four women, including one
American, on the night of May 31, 2013 were found not guilty today.

The three judge panel cited incomplete evidence, mishandling of evidence, and an
ineffective investigation that provided reasonable doubt as their reason for
their acquittal.

"We are outraged that nearly two years later, there has been no justice for
brutal murder of Jairo," said Todd Steiner, biologist and executive director of
Turtle Island Restoration Network (SeaTurtles.org), an international
organization headquartered in California, but who has been operating long-term
conservation projects in Costa Rica for nearly twenty years. "We call on the
Costa Rican government to appeal the decision and find a way to convict these
criminals of this heinous crime, or locate and convict those responsible.
Failure to do so can have serious consequences for conservation and ecotourism
in this nation that has built its reputation on its peace with nature, safety of
visitors and respect for the rule of law."

Following the murder, Turtle Island organized an international petition signed
by over 137,000 people, and working with the Center for Biological Diversity and
others, organized protests around the world calling for justice for Jairo in the
days following his murder. Turtle Island and Center for Biological Diversity
also organized a reward fund for information leading to the arrest and
conviction of the perpetrators and a memorial fund to help his family.

"Jairo's brutal murder was an assault on those who protect endangered wildlife
around the world. Justice for Mora is crucial to keeping wildlife and its
defenders safe in Costa Rica, and won't rest until justice is served.
Furthermore, justice for Jairo must include the creation of more national parks
and refuges along the coast where sea turtles are safe and those who dedicate
their lives to the conservation of endangered species can operate without fear
for their lives, said Peter Galvin, the Center's director of programs.

According to the Tico Times, Judge Yolanda Alvaredo attributed the not-guilty
verdict to mishandling of evidence by investigators, prosecutors and preliminary
courts. She also cited an incomplete investigation that was unable to determine
with exactitude the identities of the perpetrators.

"Lamentably the management of evidence broke the chain of proof in this case,"
Alvaredo told the Tico Times.

Defendants surnamed Arauz, Salmón (brother of defendant Donald Salmón) and
Loaiza will walk free, absolved of all crimes, while Hectór Cash, Ernesto
Centeno, José Bryan Delgado and Donald Salmón will serve prison sentences for an
earlier rape and robbery committed on the same beach. All seven defendants were
acquitted of May 31st kidnapping, robbery, sexual assault and murder that took
place when Mora was killed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 24, 2007 Saturday

Police chief on unpaid leave

BYLINE: JONATHAN ABEL, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 910 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



HIGHLIGHT: He's accused of intimidation, mishandling evidence.


Brooksville Police Chief Ed Tincher was put on unpaid leave Friday after an
investigation found numerous misdeeds at the Police Department.

On the same day, the 29-year veteran of the force filed for medical leave
because of a heart condition that his doctor says prevents him from coming to
work.

Frank Ross, a former police chief from St. Cloud, was named the interim police
chief until a replacement can be found for Tincher.

Tincher, 56, has been on paid administrative leave since February, but after the
release of the blistering 27-page report about him and his transfer to unpaid
suspension, the table has been set for his termination by acting City Manager
Steve Baumgartner.

"In the performance of your duties as Chief of Police," the report reads, "you
have been incompetent and inefficient."

It goes on to accuse him of numerous violations, including mishandling evidence,
discriminating against women and dominating the department through threats and
intimidation.

Tincher fired back that the report was shoddy and inaccurate. He promised to
refute each of the charges.

"Nobody bothered to verify or validate these allegations," Tincher said.
"Anybody that made false allegations that can't be backed up is certainly
subject to civil litigation."

The Florida Department of Law Enforcement said Friday that it is not
investigating any of the allegations involving Tincher.

After six weeks of interviews and hand-wringing at City Hall, Friday marked the
beginning of the end of the saga that has consumed the city since last summer.

The report was commissioned by Baumgartner in February in an attempt to get an
outsider's perspective on the feud between Tincher and Ron Baker, the city's
human resources director.

Baker was arrested in August on a charge of giving Xanax to a co-worker who was
having an anxiety attack.

He said the arrest was engineered by Tincher as retribution for reporting an
affair between Tincher and a City Hall secretary.

In mid-February, Baumgartner put Tincher and Baker on paid administrative leave
and hired James Farley, a former Crystal River police chief, to look into the
facts surrounding the feud.

What resulted were two reports: one about Baker, released last week, and one
about Tincher, released Friday. Baker also has been suspended without pay.

The report on Tincher draws on the testimony of current and former city
employees.

The theme of intimidation runs through many of the interviews.

Sandy Wilfong, a Hernando sheriff's deputy and former Brooksville police
officer, told the investigator that if you cross Tincher, "your life is a living
hell both on and off duty."

Mayor David Pugh Jr. said he felt threatened by Tincher and Officer John Cavanna
at a City Council meeting and had been told to watch his back while driving
around town.

Ron Woods, a former detective, said that Tincher had threatened to arrest him if
he didn't recant a statement he made about Lt. Rick Hankins trying to borrow
prescription drugs from him.

Tincher has said in the past that the accusations of intimidation are
ridiculous.

But the report picks up on that theme when it examines the methods used to
investigate Baker and the woman to whom he gave Xanax. It says Tincher coerced
them into making statements and may have violated their Miranda rights.

The report says Tincher shouldn't have handled the investigation into Baker and
should have written up the investigation and forwarded it to the State
Attorney's Office to make an arrest.

The scope of Farley's report extends far beyond the feud with Baker, though
details in some parts are thin.

It quotes Police Department employees and residents, saying that the chief
inappropriately handled guns and other property the department had seized.

Anne Cummings, the sister of convicted drug dealer Geoffrey Cummings, complained
the department seized a truckload of property from her brother without filing
any of the proper paperwork and then refused to return it.

Hankins said on Friday that an arrangement had been worked out with Cummings'
attorney, but no one came to claim the property.

The investigator's report sides with Anne Cummings.

"The Department kept property that they did not file forfeiture on for a period
of about 2 years," it said, "despite repeated attempts by attorneys to get it
returned."

In another complaint, Officer Terry Elliott recounted an instance from "several
years ago" in which Tincher allegedly paid an officer for 12 hours of overtime
that he didn't earn so the officer would have money to buy a gun from Tincher.

Code Enforcement Officer Linda Sidor said Tincher is supposed to be notified
whenever people turn in guns to the Police Department and that, a couple of
years ago, she saw Tincher take a gun that was turned in, wrap it in a blanket
and put it in the trunk of his vehicle.

"She says it is common knowledge that the Chief takes weapons that way,"
according to the report.

Tincher did not address this allegation directly, but he said special attention
should be paid to the time frame of some of the allegations.

The report also goes on about problems in the evidence room with property that
is not cataloged and in a state of disarray.

Tincher shot back on Friday, saying that the city failed to authorize hiring an
evidence clerk.

Tincher will have 14 days to decide whether to appeal the city's findings. He
said that he and his lawyers have many options and are considering all of them.

Jonathan Abel can be reached at jabel@sptimes.com or (352) 754-6114.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MAURICE RIVENBARK - Times: Police Chief Ed Tincher, talking with
his attorney Friday after being put on unpaid leave, pledged to disprove the
allegations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    March 28, 2001 Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Company fined for asbestos violation

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 190 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



- W.S. Hancock & Co., a licensed asbestos-removal contractor in the city, has
paid a $15,000 penalty for improper removal and handling of house shingles that
contain asbestos.

Inspectors from the state Department of Environmental Protection reportedly
witnessed the mishandling of the shingles at a house on Wolfendon Street in
Worcester Oct. 3.

DEP officials said Polar Corp. had bought the house, which was going to be
demolished to make way for expansion of the company's parking area.

Inspectors reported that workers were mishandling the shingles, breaking them as
they were being removed, and were not carefully lowering them into disposal
containers.

DEP officials said many older homes have shingles with asbestos, and that they
require special handling by a licensed asbestos-removal contractor.

The dangers of asbestos are at the most acute during the removal and disposal
process, and contractors employed in this business know there is a need to
follow established procedures at all times to avoid exposure and ensure public
health and safety,'' said Robert Golledge, central region director for the DEP.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          December 11, 1999, Saturday

SCIENTIST ARRESTED OVER LOS ALAMOS SECRET DOCUMENTS

BYLINE: Mary Dejevsky In Washington

SECTION: FOREIGN NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 490 words


THE TAIWAN-born scientist at the centre of nuclear spying allegations was taken
into custody yesterday to face multiple criminal charges, including the
mishandling of classified information, but not, it was reported, espionage. The
scientist, Wen Ho Lee, was arrested at his home near Los Alamos in the state of
New Mexico in the south-western United States, and was expected to be given
bail.

Mr Lee was named by the New York Times earlier this year as the chief suspect in
the alleged theft of nuclear secrets from the US National Laboratory at Los
Alamos over the past 20 years. The stolen secrets were believed to include the
computer blueprint for a miniaturised nuclear warhead, the W-88, which the
Chinese appeared to have replicated.

Mr Lee was first suspended, and then dismissed, from his post in the top -secret
nuclear weapons design department, but was not charged until yesterday. Before
he lost his job, he had taken, and failed, two lie detector tests and been
described by FBI agents who questioned him as uncooperative and obstructive. He
and his wife had also taken trips to China.

The allegations came to light in the course of a US Congressional investigation
into claims that China had succeeded in penetrating US nuclear security. While
the report, compiled by Representative Christopher Cox, focused on security at
the Los Alamos laboratory and singled out Wen Ho Lee as the likely culprit, Mr
Lee himself has consistently protested his innocence.

He has admitted transferring top-secret files from his high-security computer to
a less secure computer in his office, but says that this was a common practice.
He has categorically denied passing information to China, and says that the
trips he made to China were all cleared by the authorities at the laboratory.His
lawyer has argued on his behalf that, as the only Asian in his department, he
was unfairly targeted by the investigation.

A series of subsequent investigations, including one commissioned by the White
House, cast doubt on the allegations and found that Wen Ho Lee's department was
not the only repository of the information allegedly stolen by China.

The precise nature of the charges against Mr Lee was not divulged yesterday. But
if, as it appears, they are restricted to the mishandling of classified
information - however valuable - prosecutors could find it hard to obtain a
conviction.

A former head of the CIA, John Deutch, lost his security clearance this summer
after he admitted removing classified and highly sensitive files from his office
computer and taking them home. He was subject to a severe reprimand, but was not
prosecuted.

The case of Wen Ho Lee has opened wide political divisions in the United States.
Some believe that he is the most dangerous spy since the Cold War. Others,
including Americans of Asian origin, fear that he is the victim of a politically
and racially inspired witch-hunt.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Apple Profit Rises 27%; Stock Jumps

BYLINE: By LAURIE J. FLYNN

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 18


Apple Computer said Wednesday that strong sales of its Macintosh computers and
iPod portable music players led to a 27 percent rise in its fiscal
fourth-quarter profit.

The results, released after the market closed, caused Apple's shares to jump as
much as 6 percent in late trading as the company surpassed Wall Street
forecasts.

Apple said a brisk back-to-school season was a major force behind the
better-than-expected results. But executives cautioned that the report was
subject to revision, as an investigation into the mishandling of stock option
grants was likely to require a restatement of previous results.

The company, which is based in Cupertino, Calif., reported net income of $546
million, or 62 cents a share, in the quarter, up from $430 million, or 50 cents
a share, a year earlier. Revenue was $4.84 billion, an increase of nearly 32
percent from $3.68 billion the year before.

Analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial had forecast Apple to report earnings of
51 cents a share on $4.7 billion in revenue.

Macintosh sales accounted for 58 percent of revenue in the quarter, spurred in
part by the new school season's huge demand for notebook computers, the company
said. In September, Apple expanded its line of Macs and completed a transition
to Intel-based microprocessors.

In a conference call with analysts, the chief financial officer, Peter
Oppenheimer, spoke of ''the best Mac shipments by far in any quarter in Apple's
history.''

The company said it shipped 1.6 million Macintosh computers, up 30 percent from
a year earlier. Revenue from desktop and portable Macs increased 37 percent, to
$2.2 billion.

Apple's chief executive, Steven P. Jobs, said: ''This strong quarter caps an
extraordinary year for Apple. Selling more than 39 million iPods and 5.3 million
Macs while performing an incredibly complex architecture transition is something
we are all very proud of.''

An analyst at Piper Jaffray, Eugene A. Munster, seemed to agree. ''It's an
impressive quarter,'' he said. ''They blew away even the highest expectations on
the Mac side.''

Mr. Munster said the strong sales of Macs proved the validity of the iPod's
''halo effect,'' meaning that iPod customers are increasingly first-time
Macintosh customers.

Apple added 10 retail stores during the quarter, for a total of 165, and has
begun pilot programs to sell Apple products in Best Buy stores.

According to the market research company IDC, Apple's share of the United States
computer market grew to 5.8 percent from 4.3 percent in the quarter the year
before. Revenue from music products, including the iPod and the iTunes music
service, was more than $2 billion in the quarter, up from $1.48 billion a year
earlier.

The company sold 8.7 million iPods in the quarter, for $1.56 billion in revenue,
an increase from 6.5 million iPods and $1.21 billion in revenue a year earlier.

This quarter, Mr. Oppenheimer said, Apple is forecasting revenue of $6 billion
to $6.2 billion and earnings of 70 cents to 73 cents a share.

But it faces considerable challenges related to its mishandling of stock-option
grants, and it is unclear how many quarters will have to be restated. In June,
the board began looking into options practices, joining more than 100 other
companies, including many in technology industries, that are investigating the
backdating of stock options to inflate their value.

Apple said that it had found 15 instances of improperly backdated options, and
that it had ''serious concerns'' about two former executives, whom it declined
to name.

Earlier this month, the board said Mr. Jobs knew of some instances of options
backdating, but did not benefit from those grants. Fred D. Anderson, a board
member, resigned recently after a special committee of directors disclosed that
it had found irregularities with stock-option grants made between 1997 and 2002,
a period when he served as chief financial officer. At the same time, the
committee cleared all current employees of any impropriety.

''The investigation found no misconduct by any member of Apple's current
management team, and that includes Steve,'' Mr. Oppenheimer said Wednesday.

In regular trading, before the report was released, Apple's shares rose 24
cents, to $74.53.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    October 5, 2004 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Voters need to change Marshall County government

BYLINE: By HAROLD REYNARD

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B4; MICHIANA POINT OF VIEW

LENGTH: 652 words


Do we need reform in Marshall County government? I think so. The incumbent
administration has done little to properly serve the residents of the county.
Our County Board of Commissioners and County Council have failed us by neglect,
mishandling and mismanagement of county affairs.

The County Commissioners neglected our facilities and assets to the point that
42 leaks occurred in the courthouse roof. The water was being collected by
buckets before they decided repairs should be made. Five months later they
determined it was an emergency, ignored the competitive bidding process, and
awarded the contract, coincidentally, to a company that did work previously for
one of the commissioners. The cost escalated from $500,000 to almost $600,000
before the job was completed. I wonder how much we could have saved by
competitive bidding?

Our preventive maintenance program for bridges also seems to have failed. The
Baker Street bridge was crumbling under the wheels of school buses and had to be
replaced. Now the Michigan Street bridge is falling into the river. What will
happen to the Garro Street bridge that was scheduled for maintenance this year?

During the spring of 2003, when our nation was on high alert for terrorism, the
county did not have a dedicated emergency management director. The commissioners
mishandled the termination of the previous director and critical records came up
missing. This placed the citizens at risk.

In 2003, there was a grievance filed against the county auditor by office
employees. The commissioners interfered with the grievance process and it ended
up in court, where they were chastised by a Fulton County judge for not
following established procedure. There were also several lawsuits filed against
the commissioners for alleged misbehavior and mishandling of the problem. We
still do not know how much this will cost the taxpayers.

Our County Council has developed into a body I think could be replaced with a
rubber stamp that reads "approved." They vote yes unanimously on anything
brought to them. I cannot remember anything approved with less than a 7-0 vote.

Last year the council propelled Marshall County into one of the highest taxed
counties in the state by passing an ordinance raising the county income tax to
1.25 percent. Meanwhile, the county wallows in the highest unemployment rate in
northern Indiana and has the second-lowest weekly paychecks in the state. On top
of this, we are privileged to live in the 16th highest taxed state in the
nation.

The 2004 budget was approved with a $250,000 shortfall because no one thought to
count the pay periods in 2004. How was this handled by the council? Funds were
transferred from other line items. They then rewarded themselves and other
elected officials with a 4 percent pay bonus.

This year's budget has become a mess. With a quarter of the year left, the
county general fund is $374,000 over budget. In addition, $281,000 in additional
appropriations have been approved and the county's anticipated $4.3 million
dollar surplus has shrunk to $1.3 million. Line-item transfers are approved
routinely and nothing is being done to curb spending.

Recently the council completed work on the 2005 budget. After three day-long
meetings, they were able to reach the desired dollar figure. Well, sort of.
Instead of biting the bullet and making necessary cuts, they transferred some
obligations to other funds. That's not what I call cutting the budget.

On Nov. 2, we have the opportunity to significantly change the picture of
Marshall County government. Two of the three commissioners and three of the
seven council members are up for election. Now is the time to review the
performance of the incumbents, study the issues and listen to the candidates.
Then we must decide if we want the status quo or reform.

Harold Reynard is a Plymouth resident.


LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            April 15, 2009 Wednesday

Residents gather to protest use of taxes

BYLINE: By Tom Schneider Current-Argus Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


CARLSBAD -- As part of a grassroots reaction to national economic policies,
hundreds gathered Wednesday on the Eddy County Courthouse lawn for a Tax Day TEA
Party rally calling for an end to the irresponsible government spending of tax
dollars.

Organized locally by a non-partisan ad hoc committee, the TEA Party an acronym
for Taxed Enough Already was part of a national movement speaking against what
is perceived as the government's mishandling of the current economic crisis,
increased spending, mounting deficits and the looming specter of higher taxes.

"We're just ordinary taxpayers who are upset with the way things are going,"
said event organizer Tina Kincaid. "The crazy spending that our congress and our
president are doing is ridiculous.

"They are spending money that we don't have. You cannot spend your way out of
debt," she said.

"We should have stood up a long time ago, but if we don't stand up now, then
when?" Kincaid asked.

Carol Rutledge has been active in Republican politics for several years, but
stressed the non-partisan nature of the event.

"I'm sure that there are people from all parties out here," she said, looking
around at the crowd.

"I'm just livid that the congress is passing and enacting these spending bills
without even reading them.

"It just bothers me that there is no discussion or deliberation about what is
being passed," she said.

According to the Tax Day TEA Party Web site www.teapartyday.com more than 2,000
communities around the country had scheduled rallies Wednesday, the date of
April 15 chosen for its significance as the income tax filing deadline. The tea
party theme was chosen as being representative of the Boston Tea Party of 1773,
which protested the imposition of unfair taxes, organizers said.

Similar events were planned around the area, including rallies scheduled for
Wednesday evening in Roswell, Artesia and Ruidoso.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hundreds of concerned taxpayers filled the Eddy County Courthouse lawn
Wednesday afternoon for a Tax Day TEA Party rally, part of a national grassroots
movement dissatisfied with the government's mishandling of the current economic
crisis, increased spending, mounting debt and the looming possibility of higher
taxes. For a report on other tax protests in New Mexico, see page 2A; on the
national scene, page 5A. Tom Schneider/Current-Argus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

KC attorney suspended, accused of mishandling trusts

BYLINE: Jessica Shumaker

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 516  words


The Missouri Supreme Court has placed a Kansas City attorney on interim
suspension over allegations that he withdrew funds from clients' trusts for his
personal use.

On Monday, the court suspended Dennis J. Campbell Owens from practicing law
pending the outcome of disciplinary proceedings.

Spencer Brown of Deacy & Deacy in Kansas City is representing Owens. He declined
to comment.

According to information filed with the court Jan. 20, the Office of Chief
Disciplinary Counsel learned Owens, a solo practitioner, was acting as a trustee
of two trusts through a trust account overdraft audit and expanded the
investigation to include the trust's assets.

"The audit and investigation revealed that there is probable cause to believe
that Respondent engaged in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, and
misrepresentation," the information said.

One of the trusts was for a friend of Owens and his wife. He prepared a will for
the woman and was named executor of her estate and trustee of her trust
agreement.

He began helping her pay her bills after she became confused and was unable to
handle the task, the filing said. She died months later of dementia.

Owens is accused of withdrawing more than $75,000 from the woman's bank account
and using the funds for his own benefit, including paying off credit card and
mortgage bills.

He also allegedly failed to notify the beneficiaries of the woman's trust within
120 days after her death.

Some of the payments were also made prior to the woman's death, when she may not
have had the capacity to authorize such payments, the Chief Disciplinary Counsel
said.

The second trust Owens is accused of mishandling was that of his wife's friend.

He allegedly withdrew more than $121,000 from her accounts for his own use,
using some of the funds to refund two other clients, as well as failed to notify
beneficiaries of the trust.

Owens also is accused of providing a third client false information after he
failed to docket an appeal in Kansas.

Owens contacted the client and advised her he had earned $18,000 of the $34,500
in fees she paid him and asked to move the funds from his trust account to his
operating account. She agreed, unaware that he had already missed the deadline
to docket the appeal.

He later removed the remaining $16,500 of fees from his trust account without
obtaining the client's permission.

Owens later refunded $10,000 to the client from another trust, leaving the
client out of $24,500 and the right to appeal her case.

In the order, the Supreme Court wrote that there was probable cause that Owens
is guilty of "multiple instances of professional misconduct" and "poses a
substantial threat of irreparable harm to the public and integrity of the
profession. "

According to OCDC, Owens was issued four admonitions between 2007 and 2013.

Missouri Lawyers Weekly noted Owens as one of 10 Lawyers of the Year for 2003
for having successfully argued in the Missouri Supreme Court for the abolition
of the tort of alienation of affections.

The case is In re: Dennis J. Campbell Owens, SC95490.





© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News of Newburyport (Massachusetts)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Audit criticizes moorings operation

BYLINE: Ray Lamont, The Daily News of Newburyport, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1448 words


Dec. 09--GLOUCESTER -- A $35,000 independent audit of Gloucester's
Harbormaster's Department has outlined significant flaws in the mapping and
tracking of boat moorings, poor handling of the mooring waiting list, and gaps
in patrolling and enforcement.

The auditors recommend the city carry out a "complete overhaul" of its harbor
management system.

The study --which covers 90 pages, including current harbor management policies,
minutes of city Waterways Board meetings and other documents -- was commissioned
earlier this year by the Waterways Board, which sets harbor management policy,
oversees harbor-related spending and approves or rejects additions or other
changes relating to Gloucester's 1,200-plus moorings from the Inner Harbor and
Smith Cove to the Magnolia Pier and Lane's Cove.

It was carried out by CLE Engineering Inc. of Marion, whose associates examined
the city's harbor management and interviewed 29 people, including Harbormaster
James Caulkett and other department personnel, harbormasters from seven other
Massachusetts communities, local boat owners and Waterways Board members.

The report does not hint at any mishandling of appropriation of funds, but cites
a need for more "secure storage" of cash and other receipts handled by the
department, which is expected to reel in $148,000 in revenue from the city's
mooring fees this fiscal year, according to department budget figures.

It also attributes a number of the record-keeping issues to outdated and poorly
integrated technology systems, with only Shirley Edmonds, the harbormaster's
clerk, for example, having access to the primary database that tracks the use of
moorings and their placement.

"Our own two computers can't talk to each other," Caulkett conceded Tuesday.

The report cites a number of positive aspects within the department, notably its
responses to emergencies on the water.

But among other management issues, the audit found:

"There are a significant number of moorings that are not in use and have not
been reassigned by the department. The underutilization of the mooring fields is
a major issue within the department and is due in part to the lack of accurate
(mooring) records."

"Due in part of segmented databases for moorings, it is not clear where moorings
have been abandoned and/or not reassigned." The report calls for the department
and the city to developed maps for the moorings and mooring fields based on
Global Positioning System (GPS) technology.

The city's waiting list policy for open moorings calls for any mooring to be
"allocated to the applicant with a suitable boat who has been waiting longest."
But separate lists are maintained for each location, "and applicants can apply
for more than one location at a time." The city has 31 locations, and "clarity
is needed to better understand the department's process for determining what
constitutes a 'suitable boat'," the report indicates. The department also does
not maintain needed records of information or the vessel size for which
applicants are seeking a mooring, the report found.

The department does not sufficiently secure cash, checks or other payment
receipts. Strong internal controls are necessary to pervent mishandling of funds
and safeguard assets," the report reads, though it does not identify any
instances of impropriety.

'It's very critical'

"It's very critical, we know it's critical, and we're giving it serious
attention," James Destino, the city's chief of administration said of the
report.

"There is a lot to go over, but we are and we are addressing it."

Waterways Board Chairman Tony Gross, who had sought the first such thorough
harbor management audit in several years, said that the board welcomed the
report.

"Mooring management has been a point of frustration for the board and I know for
the residents of Gloucester for some time," Gross said, "and a big part of the
problem is that we have a very rigid, old outdated Lotus software system that
doesn't track very well. I'd say (the report) primarily shows that we have a lot
of technological challenges ahead of us, but we're aware there are other issues
as well."

He said he does not foresee the department adding personnel, though he added
that it needs more "boots on the ground and boats on the water" to more
effectively monitor moorings.

Two bosses

Caulkett said he also welcomes the report and its findings.

"We're going to look at everything (in the findings) and work on creating a
program that makes it easier for us to verify the use of moorings, that the
moorings have the right boats on them, he said. "... All of this is something
we've been working on for several years now, anyway."

The Waterways Board and harbormaster's office function as a self-sustaining city
enterprise fund, with revenues and expenses maintained outside of Gloucester's
$103 million fiscal 2016 operating budget.

Yet the report notes that, while the Waterways Board -- appointed by the mayor
-- sets policy for the city's harbors, coves and the Annisquam River, Caulkett
as harbormaster reports directly to the mayor's office. Gross and Caulkett, who
was appointed to a new three-year term as harbormaster by then-Mayor Carolyn
Kirk in 2014, conceded that the board and Caulkett have taken on more
independence from City Hall over the years.

"One of the big recommendations is to get that squared away, so the harbormaster
knows who he's reporting to," Gross said. "Basically, the board has been enabled
to operate on its own, and was probably tasked with more responsibility than it
should have had, just because of a vacuum. We will fix that."

"I have two bosses -- the mayor's office and the Waterways Board -- and it's
just a matter of how we can make that flow even better than it has," Caulkett
said. "I always say I have 28,000 bosses anyway -- all of the people of
Gloucester. A lot of the people have moorings, and all of Gloucester has
interest in the harbor and in our waterways."

What's out there

The city offers three types of moorings: personal, for use by individual boat
owners for their own vessels; municipal moorings for public use; and transient
moorings for use by waterfront businesses and yacht clubs for visiting vessels.
The city charges residents $6 per foot of boat length for annual moorings for
city residents, $8 a foot for non-residents holding local moorings, $200 a year
for each transient mooring, and $25 a day for use of the municipal moorings.

The report comes as the city looks expand its number of transient moorings in or
around the harbor and elsewhere to attract more boating visitors who would come
to the city for the day to visit its downtown and other businesses.

"The idea of having open and available moorings is huge when it comes to our own
economic development," Destino said, adding that Mayor Sefatia Romeo Theken is
in the process of developing an advisory recreational boating committee for the
city. "We want to present ourselves as having a user-friendly harbor," Destino
added. "That's one of the things we have to look at."

Vito Calomo, who serves on the Waterways Board, said that, while some people
thinking we can have "thousands of moorings out there, the fact is, we don't
have that kind of room." He also praised the work of Caulkett and his
assistants.

'Use it lose it'

Gross also said the fact that the audit found a number of moorings vacant and
their use unaccounted for doesn't mean the city is leaving potential revenue on
the table.

"The moorings are paid for, but in many cases, they're just not being used," he
said. A city waterways ordinance, however, requires that mooring holders dock a
boat at their mooring for a minimum of 30 days between April 15 and Oct. 15,
with a mooring to be reassigned if that's not the case.

"It's use it or lose it," Gross said, "but the truth is, that hasn't been
getting tracked very well." Calomo noted that some people have remained on the
mooring waiting lists for "years and  years."

The report also touched on the Harbormaster Department's customer service.

"The hours of operation and access to the office were consistently cited as an
issue," the report reads. While weekend closures were common with harbormaster's
offices in other communities as well, it noted, "the Gloucester harbormaster
office is randomly closed and the public inconvenienced during times that the
clerk goes to City Hall, is on lunch breaks or out of the office on benefit
time, without prior posting."

Staff writer Ray Lamont can be reached at 978-675-2705, or via email at
rlamont@gloucestertimes.com

___ (c)2015 The Daily News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) Visit The Daily
News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) at www.newburyportnews.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151209-ZN-Audit-criticizes-moorings-operation-1209-20151209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZN


                  Copyright 2015 The Daily News of Newburyport


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday

Audit criticizes moorings operation

BYLINE: Ray Lamont, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1447 words


Dec. 09--A $35,000 independent audit of Gloucester's Harbormaster's Department
has outlined significant flaws in the mapping and tracking of boat moorings,
poor handling of the mooring waiting list, and gaps in patrolling and
enforcement.

The auditors recommend the city carry out a "complete overhaul" of its harbor
management system.

The study --which covers 90 pages, including current harbor management policies,
minutes of city Waterways Board meetings and other documents -- was commissioned
earlier this year by the Waterways Board, which sets harbor management policy,
oversees harbor-related spending and approves or rejects additions or other
changes relating to Gloucester's 1,200-plus moorings from the Inner Harbor and
Smith Cove to the Magnolia Pier and Lane's Cove.

It was carried out by CLE Engineering Inc. of Marion, whose associates examined
the city's harbor management and interviewed 29 people, including Harbormaster
James Caulkett and other department personnel, harbormasters from seven other
Massachusetts communities, local boat owners and Waterways Board members.

The report does not hint at any mishandling of appropriation of funds, but cites
a need for more "secure storage" of cash and other receipts handled by the
department, which is expected to reel in $148,000 in revenue from the city's
mooring fees this fiscal year, according to department budget figures. It also
attributes a number of the record-keeping issues to outdated and poorly
integrated technology systems, with only Shirley Edmonds, the harbormaster's
clerk, for example, having access to the primary database that tracks the use of
moorings and their placement.

"Our own two computers can't talk to each other," Caulkett conceded Tuesday.

The report cites a number of positive aspects within the department, notably its
responses to emergencies on the water.

Some problems

But among other management issues, the audit found:

"There are a significant number of moorings that are not in use and have not
been reassigned by the department. The underutilization of the mooring fields is
a major issue within the department and is due in part to the lack of accurate
(mooring) records."

"Due in part of segmented databases for moorings, it is not clear where moorings
have been abandoned and/or not reassigned." The report calls for the department
and the city to developed maps for the moorings and mooring fields based on
Global Positioning System (GPS) technology.

The city's waiting list policy for open moorings calls for any mooring to be
"allocated to the applicant with a suitable boat who has been waiting longest."
But separate lists are maintained for each location, "and applicants can apply
for more than one location at a time." The city has 31 locations, and "clarity
is needed to better understand the department's process for determining what
constitutes a 'suitable boat'," the report indicates. The department also does
not maintain needed records of information or the vessel size for which
applicants are seeking a mooring, the report found.

The department does not sufficiently secure cash, checks or other payment
receipts. Strong internal controls are necessary to prevent mishandling of funds
and safeguard assets," the report reads, though it does not identify any
instances of impropriety.

'It's very critical'

"It's very critical, we know it's critical, and we're giving it serious
attention," James Destino, the city's chief of administration said of the
report. "There is a lot to go over, but we are and we are addressing it."

Waterways Board Chairman Tony Gross, who had sought the first such thorough
harbor management audit in several years, said that the board welcomed the
report.

"Mooring management has been a point of frustration for the board and I know for
the residents of Gloucester for some time," Gross said, "and a big part of the
problem is that we have a very rigid, old outdated Lotus software system that
doesn't track very well. I'd say (the report) primarily shows that we have a lot
of technological challenges ahead of us, but we're aware there are other issues
as well."

He said he does not foresee the department adding personnel, though he added
that it needs more "boots on the ground and boats on the water" to more
effectively monitor moorings.

Two bosses

Caulkett said he also welcomes the report and its findings.

"We're going to look at everything (in the findings) and work on creating a
program that makes it easier for us to verify the use of moorings, that the
moorings have the right boats on them, he said. "... All of this is something
we've been working on for several years now, anyway."

The Waterways Board and harbormaster's office function as a self-sustaining city
enterprise fund, with revenues and expenses maintained outside of Gloucester's
$103 million fiscal 2016 operating budget.

Yet the report notes that, while the Waterways Board -- appointed by the mayor
-- sets policy for the city's harbors, coves and the Annisquam River, Caulkett
as harbormaster reports directly to the mayor's office. Gross and Caulkett, who
was appointed to a new three-year term as harbormaster by then-Mayor Carolyn
Kirk in 2014, conceded that the board and Caulkett have taken on more
independence from City Hall over the years.

"One of the big recommendations is to get that squared away, so the harbormaster
knows who he's reporting to," Gross said. "Basically, the board has been enabled
to operate on its own, and was probably tasked with more responsibility than it
should have had, just because of a vacuum. We will fix that."

"I have two bosses -- the mayor's office and the Waterways Board -- and it's
just a matter of how we can make that flow even better than it has," Caulkett
said. "I always say I have 28,000 bosses anyway -- all of the people of
Gloucester. A lot of the people have moorings, and all of Gloucester has
interest in the harbor and in our waterways."

What's out there

The city offers three types of moorings: personal, for use by individual boat
owners for their own vessels; municipal moorings for public use; and transient
moorings for use by waterfront businesses and yacht clubs for visiting vessels.
The city charges residents $6 per foot of boat length for annual moorings for
city residents, $8 a foot for non-residents holding local moorings, $200 a year
for each transient mooring, and $25 a day for use of the municipal moorings.

The report comes as the city looks expand its number of transient moorings in or
around the harbor and elsewhere to attract more boating visitors who would come
to the city for the day to visit its downtown and other businesses.

"The idea of having open and available moorings is huge when it comes to our own
economic development," Destino said, adding that Mayor Sefatia Romeo Theken is
in the process of developing an advisory recreational boating committee for the
city. "We want to present ourselves as having a user-friendly harbor," Destino
added. "That's one of the things we have to look at."

Vito Calomo, who serves on the Waterways Board, said that, while some people
thinking we can have "thousands of moorings out there, the fact is, we don't
have that kind of room." He also praised the work of Caulkett and his
assistants.

'Use it or lose it'

Gross also said the fact that the audit found a number of moorings vacant and
their use unaccounted for doesn't mean the city is leaving potential revenue on
the table.

"The moorings are paid for, but in many cases, they're just not being used," he
said. A city waterways ordinance, however, requires that mooring holders dock a
boat at their mooring for a minimum of 30 days between April 15 and Oct. 15,
with a mooring to be reassigned if that's not the case.

"It's use it or lose it," Gross said, "but the truth is, that hasn't been
getting tracked very well." Calomo noted that some people have remained on the
mooring waiting lists for "years and years."

The report also touched on the Harbormaster Department's customer service.

"The hours of operation and access to the office were consistently cited as an
issue," the report reads. While weekend closures were common with harbormaster's
offices in other communities as well, it noted, "the Gloucester harbormaster
office is randomly closed and the public inconvenienced during times that the
clerk goes to City Hall, is on lunch breaks or out of the office on benefit
time, without prior posting."

Staff writer Ray Lamont can be reached at 978-675-2705, or via email at
rlamont@gloucestertimes.com

___ (c)2015 the Gloucester Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) Visit the Gloucester
Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) at www.gloucestertimes.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151209-GS-Audit-criticizes-moorings-operation-1209-20151209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                     Copyright 2015 Gloucester Daily Times


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             August 30, 2004 Monday

AIPAC cooperates with FBI probe

BYLINE: JANINE ZACHARIA and HERB KEINON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 976 words



HIGHLIGHT: Lead Story


WASHINGTON - The American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) held its
kick-off event on Sunday in New York on the eve of the opening of the Republican
National Convention as the group found itself the focus of numerous news stories
prompted by an FBI probe of whether a Pentagon official provided the lobby with
secretive, internal deliberations on Iran policy.

AIPAC has called any allegation of criminal conduct by the group or its
employees "false and baseless," and has said, "Neither AIPAC nor any of its
employees has violated any laws or rules, nor has AIPAC or its employees ever
received information they believed was secret or classified." The FBI has
already spoken with two AIPAC staffers, who are said to have met with the
Pentagon official in question, Larry Franklin, to discuss US-Iranian policy,
governmental and non-governmental sources here said. The information on Iran,
reportedly a draft of a presidential directive, was passed on to Israel, though
how is still unclear.

The sources told The Jerusalem Post that the two AIPAC staffers who spoke with
FBI investigators were Steve Rosen, director of foreign policy issues, and Keith
Weissman, a senior Middle East analyst.

The sources cautioned, however, that the AIPAC staffers are unlikely to be
charged with any wrongdoing. The lobby has hired outside counsel.

A criminal defense expert, who asked not to be identified, said AIPAC officials
will "probably not" be charged.

"The fact that they're talking to the government suggests that their counsel
believes that their story is believable and that their version of events is not
itself culpable," the expert said.

"For them to even possibly be charged, [the Pentagon official] has first got to
be charged with a serious crime," like espionage, the expert said.

Government officials would have to prove that the AIPAC officials knowingly
received information they did not have security clearance to receive, an
allegation AIPAC has denied.

While CBS news first reported on Sunday that the FBI was getting ready to indict
a suspected Israeli mole in the Pentagon for espionage, it now seems that
Franklin, if charged at all, could be accused of mishandling classified
information, a much lesser offense.

Even if AIPAC is not implicated, American Jewish officials are deeply concerned
about the impact the investigation will have on the pro-Israel lobby's image.

"Temporarily it certainly has an impact," said Malcolm Hoenlein, executive
director of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.
"Long- term, I'm quite confident this will be resolved." Nevertheless, Hoenlein
added: "It's now a time to get this behind us and limit the damage by having the
truth get out. If there are charges bring them. If there are arrests to be made,
let's see them, not deal with leaks to the press."

Speaking to The Jerusalem Post, Hoenlein said the case "doesn't make sense on a
lot of levels. This investigation has been going on for 18 months. They [leak
it] before there are any arrests. The allegations already have changed from
espionage to mishandling of information. Knowing the people involved, they are
certainly loyal, patriotic Americans who would not fall into this kind of trap,"
he said.

"I think there will be a lot of questions afterwards as to why it was raised
now, how it was leaked, but first we have to see if anyone is charged."

Prime Minister Ariel Sharon did not cut his vacation a day short and return to
work Sunday to manage damage control, nor did the Foreign Ministry hold
high-level consultations to discuss how to contain the brewing spy scandal in
the US. Instead, Israel chose to continue to take a decidedly low public profile
on what it is praying is a storm that will blow over.

"There are no high-level consultations on this," one diplomatic official said.
"Our hands are clean, and there is no reason to get panicky."

The Foreign Ministry, which generally sends out talking points to its
delegations abroad regarding high- profile events involving Israel, did not
circulate any talking points on Franklin, AIPAC, or any Israeli involvement in
the alleged affair.

Instead, the delegations received clear instructions not to grant interviews on
the matter and to reply to all questions by referring to what David Siegel, the
spokesman at Israel's Embassy in Washington, said when the story first broke:
"We categorically deny these allegations. They are completely false and
outrageous." Foreign Ministry officials said the low profile is an attempt to
deflate the story, and keep it from gaining any real traction.

Government officials expressed some satisfaction on Sunday that the story in the
US had already gone from being a full-blown spy story, a reprise of the 1985
Jonathan Pollard spy scandal, to being a much less dramatic affair involving a
mid-level diplomat who, in routine conversations with lobbyists, may have gone
"overboard" and divulged a bit more than he should have.

The damage in the affair, the officials admitted, is that other mid-level
diplomats may now be more hesitant to have substantive conversations with AIPAC
or Israeli officials in the future, fearing that as a result of these routine
conversations they may become embroiled in an "espionage" scandal.

While formally the government played down the story, diplomatic officials said
Sunday there was telephone traffic between Jerusalem and Washington over the
weekend, and that Israel - after checking with various security branches -
assured the US that no one was "running" Franklin from or for Israel.

"Clarifications were provided, and a check was done in the Defense Ministry that
proved completely negative," the official said. The official said that Prime
Minister Ariel Sharon and US President George W. Bush did not have a telephone
conversation about the issue.

"It has not reached that level," the official said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AFA officers cleared in handling of rape probes

BYLINE: Miles Moffeit and Erin Emery Denver Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 719 words


As one of his final acts before stepping down, the acting Air Force secretary
has exonerated a lengthy roster of former Air Force Academy commanders in the
failure to properly address sexual-assault problems at the school, saying no
former leader should be punished.

In a memo to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, obtained Friday by The Denver
Post, Peter Teets agreed with an internal Pentagon investigation last year that
found recent academy leaders were not responsible for mishandling cases. That
inspector general inquiry laid the blame largely on commanders who oversaw the
school in the 1990s and implemented confidentiality policies that the report
said hindered rape investigations.

"I accept the Inspector General's findings on which officers are not
responsible," Teets wrote. "Regarding the officers he found responsible, I do
not find taking administrative action against these ... officers warranted," he
said, referring to Brig. Gen. S. Taco Gilbert, former commandant at the academy,
and Col. Sue Slavec, a former group commander.

Pentagon officials could not be reached for comment. But the action drew
immediate fire from members of Congress and victim-rights advocates, who said it
is an alarming culmination to a scandal that has torn apart lives and ultimately
helped fuel a movement to reform how the military deals with sexual violence.

Pentagon lawyers said it would be unprecedented for Rumsfeld to override the
decision of a top service secretary and that he would likely accept Teets'
decision.

"I'm stunned," said Jennifer Bier, a rape-crisis counselor for several former
academy cadets. "This is a perfect example of why the Air Force cannot patrol
itself. This is a slap in the face to every young woman who was raped at the
academy and the commanders who did nothing. This is why they have no faith in
the command - ultimately, they're not going to be held accountable."

Air Force Academy officials would comment only privately Friday.

"This is what the Air Force has decided to do," said one official. "It basically
said there were probably some things done wrong, but it wasn't done out of
maliciousness."

U.S. Rep. Loretta Sanchez, D- Calif., who helped push for reforms last year in
how the military responds to rapes, said she was outraged that the news leaked
just before Easter weekend, when most government leaders were unavailable to
respond.

"It's very frustrating for those of us who understand that this is an important,
ongoing issue facing the academy," Sanchez said.

Lt. Gen. Brad Hosmer, a former academy superintendent, applauded Teets' decision
and the now wider use of victim protections throughout the military.

Teets, a former Lockheed- Martin executive from Denver, had served as acting
secretary since Jan. 18. He announced his resignation in mid-March.

In his missive to Rumsfeld, Teets said he did not believe any disciplinary
actions were warranted for eight former generals who enacted or supported
policies allowing confidential reporting for rape victims, saying "they were not
intentionally or willfully derelict in their duties."

He also alluded to the Defense Department's recent move to establish
confidentiality protections militarywide - to encourage more victims to step
forward - as a reason not to punish them.

Teets did not elaborate, however, about why he believed that Gilbert or Slavec
should not be punished. Several cadets who reported they were raped accused the
two commanders of mishandling their cases.

Gilbert and Slavec were removed from duty in March 2003. They could not be
reached for comment. Also forced out was Lt. Gen. John R. Dallager, who was
demoted when he retired.

A week ago, Teets and other Pentagon officials released a study of the major
military academies, including the academy in Colorado Springs, showing 10
percent of the women polled said they have been sexually assaulted.

Christine Hansen, director of the nation's largest civilian victim-assistance
service for military women who are sexually assaulted, said Teets' memo
represents another example of top military officials treating an ongoing problem
lightly.

"It sadly demonstrates a lack of accountability for those in leadership with the
cadet corps," said Hansen, of The Miles Foundation.

Staff writer Miles Moffeit can be reached at 303-820-1415 or
mmoffeit@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 21, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Kerry Adviser Leaves the Race Over Documents

BYLINE: By ERIC LICHTBLAU

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1097 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 20


Samuel R. Berger, the former national security adviser to President Bill
Clinton, resigned abruptly Tuesday as a senior adviser to John Kerry's
presidential campaign after the disclosure that he had improperly removed
classified material on terrorism from a secure government reading room last
year.

The decision came after Mr. Berger endured a day of furious criticism from
Republican leaders, who accused him of breaching national security and possibly
passing classified material to Mr. Kerry's campaign. Democrats, in turn, accused
the Bush administration of leaking word of an F.B.I. investigation of Mr. Berger
as a way of diverting attention from the release of the Sept. 11 commission's
final report Thursday.

Mr. Berger told reporters Tuesday evening outside his Washington office: ''Last
year, when I was in the archives reviewing documents, I made an honest mistake.
It's one that I deeply regret.''

Associates of Mr. Berger said that although his mishandling of the classified
material was inadvertent, he had decided late in the day to step down at least
temporarily from the campaign because he did not want to detract from the Kerry
effort.

''With that in mind, he has decided to step aside as an informal adviser to the
Kerry campaign until this matter is resolved,'' said Lanny A. Breuer, a lawyer
representing Mr. Berger in the investigation.

Mr. Berger's aides acknowledged that when he was preparing last year for
testimony before the Sept. 11 commission, he removed from a secure reading room
copies of a handful of classified documents related to a failed 1999 terrorist
plot to bomb the Los Angeles airport. Republicans accused him on Tuesday of
stashing the material in his clothing, but Mr. Breuer called that accusation
''ridiculous'' and politically inspired. He said the documents' removal was
accidental.

The departure of Mr. Berger was at least a distraction for the Kerry campaign,
which had hoped to gain political advantage from the Sept. 11 commission's
anticipated criticisms of the Bush administration's handling of terrorism
intelligence.

For months, Mr. Berger has consulted regularly with Mr. Kerry on the Iraq war,
Middle East relations, terrorism and other foreign policy matters, helping to
formulate speeches, prepare op-ed articles and brief reporters on the
candidate's positions, campaign officials said.

''Sandy Berger is my friend, and he has tirelessly served this nation with honor
and distinction,'' Mr. Kerry said Tuesday in a statement. ''I respect his
decision to step aside as an adviser to the campaign until this matter is
resolved objectively and fairly.''

Associates said he would probably try to rejoin the campaign after the Federal
Bureau of Investigation had concluded an investigation that began in earnest in
January after the National Archives discovered that classified material Mr.
Berger had reviewed was missing.

But for Mr. Berger the damage may be difficult to overcome. Some Democrats
suggested on Tuesday that the episode could severely hurt his chances of
becoming secretary of state or taking another high-level cabinet position in a
Kerry administration, jobs his name has been linked to.

Law enforcement officials said that the F.B.I. was continuing to investigate Mr.
Berger's handling of the classified material and that the Justice Department had
made no decisions about whether to seek criminal charges.

One crucial legal issue will be whether the evidence indicates that Mr. Berger's
removal of the classified documents was inadvertent, as he and his lawyer
assert. ''That's clearly a question at the center of all this,'' said a law
enforcement official who spoke about the investigation on condition of
anonymity.

Though prosecutions for the mishandling of classified information are relatively
rare, senior officials have become embroiled in such cases. In 2001, Mr. Clinton
pardoned John M. Deutch, the former director of central intelligence, as he was
negotiating a plea agreement with prosecutors over accusations that he had
downloaded classified intelligence onto his unsecured computer.

Mr. Berger spent about 30 hours over three days in the summer and fall of 2003
reviewing classified material in a secure government reading room, his
associates said.

Among those documents, officials said, were lengthy classified versions of an
''after-action'' report on the so-called millennium plots, which included a
failed Qaeda effort to bomb Los Angeles International Airport in December 1999.
The report on the plot was summarized in a staff report from the Sept. 11
commission earlier this year.

Mr. Breuer, the lawyer, said Mr. Berger inadvertently put three or four versions
of the report on the plots in a leather portfolio he had with him. ''He had lots
of papers, and the memos got caught up in the portfolio,'' he said. ''It was an
accident.''

Mr. Berger also put in his jacket and pants pockets handwritten notes that he
had made during his review of the documents, Mr. Breuer said.

Officials at the National Archives realized late last year that several
documents were missing and turned the matter over to the F.B.I., which later
searched Mr. Berger's home and office, officials said. Mr. Breuer said that Mr.
Berger had returned two of the documents, but that he had apparently discarded
several others inadvertently.

Mr. Breuer said that the removal of even Mr. Berger's notes was a ''technical
violation,'' but he denied Republicans' assertions that Mr. Berger had removed
the material intentionally to hide information that could be damaging to the
Clinton administration.

J. Dennis Hastert, the House speaker, asked, ''What information could be so
embarrassing that a man with decades of experience in handling classified
documents would risk being caught pilfering our nation's most sensitive
secrets?''

And the House majority leader, Tom DeLay, said: ''That is not sloppy. I think it
is gravely, gravely serious what he did, if he did it, and it could be a
national security crisis.''

Mr. Breuer responded, ''If there's a suggestion that he's shoving things down
his pants, that is categorically false and ridiculous.''

Democrats spent much of the day defending Mr. Berger as a man of integrity and
asserting he had no reason to steal material already widely available to the
Sept. 11 commission.

But late in the afternoon, Mr. Kerry's campaign announced that Mr. Berger was
stepping down.

''It looked early in the day like this wouldn't be a big deal,'' said an
associate of Mr. Berger who spoke on condition of anonymity, ''but the
Republicans made it partisan.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Samuel R. Berger testifying before the Sept. 11 commission in
March. (Photo by Mark Wilson/Getty Images)(pg. A17)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     November 5, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

UC BERKELEY PROFESSOR SEES LEE AS POLICY VICTIM

BYLINE: Andrea Widener

SECTION: CONTRA COSTA; Pg. A35

LENGTH: 678 words


The case of former Los Alamos Laboratory nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee has had a
rippling effect on the Asian American community, producing an odd combination of
empowerment and fear.

Lee's firing, imprisonment and later release on charges of mishandling
classified nuclear weapons data outraged some Asian Americans and unified them
in support of the scientist, a UC Berkeley ethnic studies professor said Friday.

But the case and its links to the world of the FBI, the CIA and foreign
espionage terrified others and forced them to remain silent for fear they will
be viewed as un-American, said Ling-chi Wang, who has been a vocal supporter of
Lee.

It isn't surprising the scientist was singled out for prosecution, Wang said.

Asian Americans have faced discrimination before, and will undoubtedly face it
again, he explained.

After nine months of solidarity confinement, Lee pleaded guilty in September to
one of 59 counts of mishandling classified data. Asian Americans contended Lee
was singled out for the charges because he is a Taiwanese American.

The government vehemently denied those charges and said Lee violated numerous
security rules while at Los Alamos.

"Asian Americans have been, essentially, the unsuspecting and unwilling victims
of our foreign policy," Wang told a group of at a meeting of the Pacific Asian
North American (PANA) Institute at UC Berkeley's Pacific School of Religion.

Discrimination against Asian Americans began in 1882, when the Chinese Exclusion
Act made Chinese Americans the first group to be excluded from the United States
solely on the basis of race.

"It added the Chinese to the list of people ineligible for immigration, a list
which up until then included only lepers, prostitutes and morons," Wang said.

The act was followed closely by the 1893 Supreme Court case of Fong Yue Ting,
which allowed the government to deport Chinese residents without judicial
review.

"Being perpetual aliens is the first defining characteristic of Asian
Americans," Wang said. "Asian Americans are presumed foreigners, even if they
are citizens of the U.S."

That didn't end in recent times, Wang said, citing four recent examples of
discrimination.

During World War II, American citizens of Japanese descent were considered
"enemy aliens" and ordered into concentrations camps.

During the Korean and Vietnam wars, China was a sworn enemy of the U.S., and
many Chinese Americans were harassed and intimidated by the government.

In the early 1980s, Japanese economic power was blamed for the U.S. economic
recession. During that time, Chinese-American engineer Vincent Chin was killed
by two unemployed white auto workers.

Most recently, China has become the new threat to national security, and that
was played out in the political campaign finance scandal, when several Asian
Americans were accused of laundering money and spying for China.

"The treatment is linked directly to the fluctuating relationship we have with
China and Japan," Wang said.

These scandals have each had an important impact on how Asian Americans see
themselves in the United States culture, Wang said. Many theorists attribute
Asian Americans' lack of political force to their culture and upbringing of
subservience.

But Wang says their past treatment might explain it instead.

"We don't have to go back to Confucian ethics to explain this," he said.

The Lee case has spurred some political action by Asian Americans, said Wang,
who has initiated a protest boycott of the national labs, raised money for Lee's
defense and, most recently, asked President Clinton to apologize to Lee and to
pardon his September guilty plea.

Despite its widespread attention in the last year, the Lee case still hasn't
changed how Asian Americans are viewed in politics here, Wang said.

"Yet this case has received not one single comment from Al Gore or George W.
Bush," he said. "How do you explain that?"

Andrea Widener covers science and the area's national laboratories. Reach her at
925-847-2158 or awidener@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    January 4, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

U.S. Attorney Assigned to Wen Ho Lee Case Resigns

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, Jan. 3


The U.S. attorney handling the prosecution of a fired Los Alamos scientist
accused of mishandling nuclear secrets said today he will resign and turn the
Wen Ho Lee case over to a deputy.

John Kelly said his resignation is effective Tuesday. Those familiar with his
plans said he is considering a run for Congress.

Asked for additional comment on a statement announcing the move, spokesman Ron
Lopez promised Kelly, 52, would have more to say Tuesday.

John Dendahl, who heads the state Republican Party, said he was told Kelly, a
Democrat, plans to run for the seat occupied by Rep. Heather A. Wilson (R-N.M.).
"I think he ought to keep his day job," Dendahl said.

Democratic state party chairwoman Diane Denish said: "It's my understanding he's
looking very seriously at running and will announce his decision shortly."

Kelly's chief deputy for the last six years, Robert Gorence, will be acting U.S.
attorney. The Justice Department will announce the appointment of an interim
U.S. attorney.

Kelly is in his seventh year as U.S. attorney. He is in the middle of
prosecuting Lee for allegedly breaching security at Los Alamos National
Laboratory by mishandling nuclear weapons secrets.


LOAD-DATE: January 04, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

Quick view

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 737  words


Kingdom, Batelco offer $950 mn for 25% of Zain

Kingdom Holding, controlled by Saudi billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal , and
Bahrain Telecommunications offered $950 million to purchase Mobile
Telecommunications's 25% stake in Zain Saudi Arabia. The offer doesn't include
the assumption of $3.8 billion of Zain Saudi's debt, Kingdom Holding said in a
statement to the Saudi bourse on Monday. Kingdom received preliminary acceptance
of the non-binding offer from the board of directors of Zain Kuwait, it said.
The offer is "subject to the findings of the due diligence, which could take at
least six weeks," once approval is granted to start the process, Kingdom said.
Approval of the offer by Zain , as Mobile Telecommunications is known, will pave
the way for a bid by Emirates Telecommunications, known as Etisalat, to acquire
a controlling stake in Kuwait's biggest phone operator for about $12 billion.

France Telecom, Agility to buy 44% stake in Korek

France Telecom and Kuwaiti logistics group Agility are to acquire a 44% stake in
fast-growing Iraqi mobile operator Korek Telecom, the groups said in a joint
statement on Monday. The two groups will form a joint venture, 54%-owned by
Agility, to control the stake, they said. France Telecom will pay $245 million
for its 20% indirect stake in Korek, and will also extend a $185 million 4-year
loan to the Iraqi operator, according to the statement. Meanwhile, Agility will
contribute existing convertible debt and inject an additional $50 million for
its 24% indirect stake. The Kuwaiti group's shares hit a one-month high on the
news. France Telecom, which is stepping up expansion in the Middle East and
Africa, also has an option to increase its stake to 27% in 2014.

US Cong may pass bill to avert govt shutdown

Congress will probably approve a measure this week to keep the US government in
operation through April 8, Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois, the majority whip,
said on Sunday. The legislation, proposed by House Republicans March 11, would
reduce discretionary spending by about $6 billion and fund the US government for
three weeks, replacing a measure that expires March 18. Democrat Durbin,
speaking on CNN's "State of the Union," said the Senate would take up the
measure once it passes the House, where Republicans have majority control.
Enacting the sixth stopgap spending measure of fiscal 2011 is needed to prevent
a government shutdown and will provide lawmakers and President Barack Obama with
more time to work out a deal to fund US programs through the fiscal year that
ends September 30, Durbin said. Congress needs to advance the measure to
facilitate an agreement addressing the nation's long-term fiscal straits, Durbin
said.

Renault's mishandling of spy case weakens Ghosn

Renault's mishandling of an espionage investigation has weakened CEO Carlos
Ghosn in a tussle with the French state, its largest shareholder, over the
carmaker's future, four people familiar with the matter said. Fallout from the
spying affair, in which Renault says it may have been hoaxed into firing three
executives, will make it harder to win government support for changes to an
alliance with Nissan Motor, said the people. Renault wants to reduce its Nissan
stake and allow the Japanese carmaker to vote as a Renault shareholder, they
said, declining to be named because the matter is confidential. The setback came
three weeks after Ghosn presented a medium-term plan to narrow the profitability
gap with Volkswagen AG, telling investors that Renault-Nissan's capital
structure "can change over time and probably will."

Puma appoints Koch to succeed Zeitz as CEO

Puma, Europe's second-largest sporting-goods maker, appointed Franz Koch to
succeed Chief Executive Officer Jochen Zeitz, who will become chairman of the
supervisory board that will be formed when Puma changes its corporate structure.
Koch, currently head of global strategy, will immediately join Puma's executive
board as chief strategic officer, the Herzogenaurach, Germany-based company said
on Monday in a statement. Puma, controlled by French retailer PPR SA, will
convert into a Societas Europaea if shareholders approve the plan at the April
14 annual general meeting, the company said. Koch, 32, joined Puma in 2007 from
Oliver Wyman, a management consulting firm. Zeitz, who has been the head of Puma
for 18 years, is the longest-serving CEO among companies on Germany's DAX or
MDAX indexes.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 April 9, 2009

California Supreme Court rules plaintiff can't sue over mishandling of body

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 289  words


A plaintiff can't sue a medical school for mishandling the use of her husband's
donated body, the California Supreme Court has ruled in affirming summary
judgment for the school.

The husband executed an agreement donating his body to the University of
California at Irvine for teaching purposes and scientific researches.

A few months after his death, the plaintiff read a newspaper story about
misconduct at the school in handling the bodies. There was evidence that the
director was using the bodies in a for-profit class and some body parts had been
sold.

The plaintiff learned that after her husband's body had been delivered, there
was no further record of what happened to it.

She sued the school, alleging negligence because her husband's body was not used
as intended, for medical research.

But the court found that despite the evidence of misconduct, the record
contained "no evidence to support 'a well-founded substantial certainty' that
[the husband's] remains were among those reportedly mishandled. ...

"[T]here is no evidence in the record that [the husband's] body in particular
was used in a private tutoring class, transported or dismembered for profit, or
used in a manner other than what plaintiff contends was authorized by the
donation agreement. This is fatal to plaintiff's claim. ... 'A generalized
concern that the remains of a relative may have been involved, arising out of a
media report of a pattern of misconduct, is insufficient to satisfy the
requirement that there be a direct connection between a defendant's conduct and
the injury suffered by the plaintiff," the court said.

California Supreme Court. Conroy v. The Regents of the University of California,
No. S153002. April 6, 2009. Lawyers USA No. 993-645.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JANUARY 12, 2005 Wednesday CHESTER EDITION

A surprise $4 million surplus for the district;
After years of fiscal crisis, 2004 broke into the black.
A $5.8 million deficit could be erased with a good 2005.

BYLINE: Dan Hardy INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS CHESTER COUNTY & THE REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 578 words


The Coatesville Area School District, battered in recent years by findings of
financial mismanagement, bruising budget battles and high taxes, got good news
this week: It had a $4 million surplus in 2004.

The school district's budget for this year is also on track and could possibly
run a surplus as well, district officials and school board members said at a
finance committee meeting Monday night.

School board President Cynthia Quinn said that means a $5.8 million deficit the
district incurred during years of money mishandling by a previous district
administration might be erased this year.

"This is very good news," Quinn said.

The surplus occurred because the district collected $6 million more in taxes and
fees than expected and received $4 million more in state and federal grants and
payments than anticipated. It overspent its budget by about $6 million, leaving
the extra $4 million, which will be used to pay off the district's deficit.

The good news for the 7,200-student district comes after several years of
crisis.

In mid-2000, Superintendent Louis Laurento resigned while under investigation
for mishandling district finances and under fire because a federal court had
determined that he harassed a district administrator.

A subsequent state investigation found that over several years, the district
spent $6 million from funds borrowed for capital improvements to meet day-to-day
operating expenses. It also found that, at a cost of more than $2 million, the
district had undertaken several debt refinancings that produced no financial
benefit.

In all, the district incurred a deficit of more than $11 million, mostly in
money it had to repay to its own accounts to balance its books. Over the last
few years, that deficit was paid down to $5.8 million. This year, the district
had included $1.5 million in its budget to cut that amount once again.

There were other problems, as well. In early 2002, the district discovered that
its budget was millions of dollars out of balance due to mistaken assumptions
about both revenue and spending. It laid off dozens of teachers and raised taxes
by 14 percent. Bitter budget battles followed in each of the two subsequent
years, with residents mobilizing to oppose proposed tax increases. The
district's school tax is now the highest in Chester County.

On the plus side, a 2004-05 budget review on Monday showed that the district has
already collected 100 percent of the local taxes and fees it had expected to
take in, and more revenue is expected in the coming months.

The district still faces some financial uncertainty, with a teachers' contract
that expired at the end of August still unresolved. Still, the school board has
installed financial controls to tell it when it is spending more than it should,
Quinn said, and it will work hard not to overspend the budget this year.

Cheryl Zaleski, a spokeswoman for the Coatesville Taxpayers Alliance, a group
formed last year to oppose school tax increases, said in a statement that the
district administration should have known long ago that it had a surplus. They
"should be tendering their resignations tomorrow for the gross incompetence they
show on a routine, continuing basis in managing our money," she wrote.

Coatesville Chief Financial Officer Brenda Haws could not be reached for
comment.

Contact staff writer Dan Hardy at 610-701-7638 or dhardy@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                        May 5, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

QUACKENBUSH INCREDIBLE

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 433 words


CALIFORNIA INSURANCE COMMISSIONER Chuck Quackenbush says he is "mortified"
concerning allegations about private foundations he created with money from
insurance firms accused of mishandling earthquake claims. Quackenbush also
admitted "mistakes were made." Where else have we heard that passive explanation
for misdeeds?

What "mortifies" Quackenbush is the revelation that none of the money gong into
the foundations has found its way to earthquake victims and that the only
expenditure was about $5 million was spent on public service ads that benefited
the commissioner politically.

He tried to defend his actions with a plea to the Assembly Insurance Committee
to "Please know that these foundations were established with the best of
intentions created to do nothing more than do good for consumers." Why then did
he squander $5 million on self-serving ads? Why has none of the money gone to
quake victims?

These are disturbing questions. However, by far the most distressing aspect of
the scandal is not what was done with the money, but how the funds were
procured.

Several big insurance firms, many of which donated considerable amounts of money
to Quackenbush's campaign, were let off the hook.

Rather than become involved in lengthy litigation and possibly have to pay
hundreds of millions of dollars in fines, insurance firms donated a total of
$11.6 million in tax-deductible donations to the foundations for possible
charges of mishandling insurance claims if they contributed to the foundations.

State Sen. Jackie Speier, D-Daly City, who heads the Senate Insurance Committee
said it appears great pressure was applied on the companies to get them to
contribute to the fund and that "extortion" was the word used to describe action
of the insurance commissioner.

It is these allegations of extortion against Quackenbush that should be the
primary focus of investigations, along with making sure that earthquake victims
receive fair claims.

With such a dark cloud hanging over the insurance commissioner regarding his
private foundations, deals with insurance companies and complaints of mishandled
insurance claims Quackenbush should take a leave of absence until the several
investigations by the Legislature, state Attorney General Bill Lockyer and the
Fair Political Practices Commission are complete.

If Quackenbush is truly "mortified" and has nothing but "the best of
intentions," he should demonstrate his sincerity by stepping aside while
investigations are ongoing. Failure to do so only further sullies his already
diminished credibility.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 25, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Citing Missing Tapes, U.S. Fights Bail for Lee

Walter Pincus, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 786 words



Government prosecutors have told a federal judge that nuclear scientist Wen Ho
Lee should be kept in jail because he has never provided credible evidence that
he destroyed seven missing computer tapes he made that contain "classified
information sufficient to build a functional thermonuclear weapon."

"Absent credible evidence to the contrary," Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert J.
Gorence wrote in a court filing late Thursday in New Mexico, it must be assumed
that Lee "continues to exercise dominion and control over these seven tapes,"
posing "an unprecedented risk of danger to the United States."

The government was responding to a motion by Lee's lawyers asking a federal
judge to overturn a Dec. 13 ruling by Magistrate Judge Don J. Svet, who ordered
that the Taiwan-born U.S. citizen be held until trial on charges of mishandling
classified information. The U.S. District Court will hear evidence on the
motions Monday in Albuquerque.

In seeking their client's release, Lee's lawyers said he could end up
incarcerated "for at least a year" before his trial.

Separating Lee from his family in pretrial detention "for such a prolonged
period would vitiate the presumption of innocence and violate his right to due
process," Lee's lawyer, Mark Holscher, asserted in a memo to the court.

Lee's lawyers argued that the government has provided no evidence to show that
Lee ever made the material available to any third parties.

The veteran Los Alamos National Laboratory scientist was arrested Dec. 10 and
indicted on 59 counts of mishandling secret nuclear information under the Atomic
Energy and Espionage Acts. He has pleaded not guilty.

In the first hearing, the government emphasized the possibility that Lee, 59,
with relatives in Taiwan, might flee this country. In the latest filing, the
government made clear it now most fears that the seven missing tapes still exist
and that if free, Lee could assist "an unauthorized possessor" in using them to
gain design information about nuclear weapons.

"Given Lee's control of and access to the seven missing tapes, Lee poses an
inconceivable risk to the U.S. national security," the prosecutors wrote.

In Thursday's filing, the government acknowledged for first time that
24-hour-a-day surveillance initiated on Lee last April "was done primarily in an
attempt to locate the missing tapes." The FBI and the CIA have conducted an
unsuccessful worldwide search for any signs of the tapes.

While Lee's lawyers have asserted that the tapes were destroyed, the government
filing claims it was never offered "any specifics or corroboration . . .
regarding when or how the downloaded classified tapes were allegedly destroyed."

In fact, despite a full-day session last June with the government and Lee's
lawyers discussing what the scientist would say about what he had done, the
government said Lee "steadfastly refused to be interviewed" as to why he
downloaded the classified nuclear files to his unsecured office computer and
later put the most secret of the nuclear codes on unsecured portable tapes that
resemble videotapes.

The government in its filing says that Lee's lawyers initially claimed only
unclassified information was put on the portable tapes. But at the Dec. 13
hearing, an FBI witness said investigators used two tapes recovered from Lee's
office to show they had once contained classified information.

In Thursday's filing, the government recounted other misstatements Lee has made,
going back more than 10 years to discuss the failure to report, as lab rules had
required, that he had been approached by Chinese intelligence officers during
1986 and 1988 visits to China. Left out of the filing, however, was the
information that Lee himself disclosed his failures during recent interviews.

The government also noted that Lee "failed a polygraph examination" last
February on the question "of whether or not he ever passed or transmitted
classified information to an unauthorized person."

Svet ruled against bail after a 4 1/2-hour hearing during which the government
laid out the meticulous and secretive way Lee collected tapes relating to U.S.
nuclear weapons in 1993, 1994 and 1997, not only transferring classified files
to his unsecured computer but also downloading them to 10 portable tapes.

As part of the effort to gain release, Lee's lawyers have turned in their
client's passport and said he would surrender his right to fight extradition
from any country abroad.

The government argued, however, that the value of the information on the missing
seven tapes is so great that those secrets would "provide the necessary
incentive for such a country to provide safe haven for Lee."



LOAD-DATE: December 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               July 22, 2004 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 1323 words


Solid case against Clinton aide

Where did former President Bill Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy
Berger, think he was working? The Rose Law Firm?

Berger removed classified documents from a secure area. In order to get a
security clearance to view those documents, he knew full well the laws governing
their usage. Mishandling a classified document is punishable by 10 years in
federal prison. Theft of classified material and destruction of potential
evidence goes way beyond simple mishandling -- probably akin to espionage and
treason.

The spokesman for the 9/11 commission is on record as saying that Berger's
actions did not affect the outcome of the report. Since the members of the
commission don't know what was taken, how can they make that statement unless
the conclusions were written prior to the investigation?

The case against Berger must be pretty solid if he is admitting to his actions.
That is unheard of in the Clinton administration.

The response of Democrats is quite telling. According to them, this is all an
attempt by President George W. Bush to deflect criticism from the 9/11 report.
By their rationale, Berger's altering and destroying evidence is somehow the
president's fault. Michael Moore would be proud.

Doug Meyer Florissant

We're not safer

President Bush has been making campaign speeches that often end with the
statement, "And America is safer." The claims he makes to back up that phrase
are spurious at best.

By claiming the war in Iraq caused Libya to change its ways, Bush soft-pedals
the fact that Libya was already moving in that direction due to intense talks
with Britain. To claim later that it was all due to his war in Iraq is not being
truthful.

With more and more facts coming to light about what Iraq didn't have and the
fact that Iraq never posed a real threat to the United States, Bush and his
supporters are spinning everything and anything to make themselves look better.
But the truth is that Osama bin Laden is alive and still thumbing his nose at
us.

Bush has failed this country. Had he spent one-tenth of the resources in
Afghanistan that he has in Iraq, the world would be a better place and bin Laden
most likely would have been killed or captured.

Meanwhile, Bush's homeland security director is reported to be making plans to
postpone presidential elections in the event of a terrorist attack. Never in the
history of this nation has that happened before. And we are supposed to think
this country is safer?

Nick Dodson Collinsville

Halt the genocide

Ten years ago our nation stood by and watched as genocide claimed the lives of
800,000 people in Rwanda. Once more we promised, "Never again."

Now we are seeing the start of another genocide, this time in the Darfur region
of Sudan. President Bush has been unwilling to call it genocide. Rather than
taking the strong actions needed to stop it, he is proposing a round of
sanctions against those responsible.

Time is running out for the people of Darfur. They are trapped in starvation
camps controlled by their captors. Bush needs to call this genocide and lead a
multinational effort to stop it, including the use of the military if necessary.
If he fails to do that, a million more may die.

Danielle Treat Edwardsville

He's overpaid

This is in response to the July 19 article about Floyd Crues, interim
superintendent of the St. Louis Public Schools, and his "corporate" package.
What an outrage to think that taxpayers' money is being so flagrantly wasted.

He gets $7,000 for each of six so-called bench marks that he meets. All of them
look to me to be under his job description anyway. And $2,500 a month to take
employees and other guests to dinner and to -- get this -- pay for "dues at
health and social clubs." Give me a break! How many gyms does the St. Louis
Public Schools system have?

If the taxpayers who fund this school system can't see that the emperor has no
clothes in this case, they deserve everything they get. What a slap in the face
to see the public school system whining about the need for more money to fund
the schools and then spend it like this. This is one of the reasons that we
chose to home school our kids.

At $220,000 per year, I say this guy can pay his own dues and buy his own
dinners.

Lee Butcher Park Hills, Mo.

Hiding the news

On page A9 of the July 19 Post-Dispatch: "Bush's 16 words about a link to Niger
may have validity, report suggests."

What made the front page? The cell phone is 20 years old.

Good news for President Bush goes on the back pages; bad news for him on the
front page.

Where is the Globe-Democrat when we need it?

Marlene Hurt St. Louis

Light rail critics

In his July 14 column, David Nicklaus covered a report on light rail written by
two economists at the St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank.

The column's uncritical acceptance of the slavishly anti-light-rail screed was
disappointing. This report, burdened by incomplete research, tendentious
reasoning and typical Libertarian sloganeering, has been the subject of
cheerleading by several of the so-called transportation consultants funded by
highway interests.

It is always amusing to read the faux free-market encomiums authored by the
beneficiaries of a federally subsidized parking garage, such as that provided by
the St. Louis Fed.

Perhaps the most convincing argument for the benefits of rail transit is the
fact that generally successful cities enjoy extensive and healthy systems, while
those laboring under economic stagnation have failed to develop such systems.

John G. Roach St. Louis

Few class actions

On July 15, you finally ran a story that referred to the latest class-action
certification figures in Madison County. However, the story was slanted as
usual.

While the story focused on certification figures going back to 1996, the "man
bites dog" news was that, while you publish story after story about Madison
County as the "lawsuit capital of the world" and "plaintiff's paradise," the
past four years show that only 10 percent, or a total of 11 class-action cases,
were certified. Hardly a litigation explosion, or a "flood" of class-action
cases going to trial.

Your reporters continue to report that the AT&T case is concluded and to publish
attorneys' fees versus payout to plaintiffs even though the payout is far from
finished. It is the equivalent of publishing the fact that the Cardinals won
when you're only in the third inning.

Joy Howell St. Louis

Senator's record

A July 19 editorial on the Democratic primary for state treasurer asserted that
I had a "lackluster" legislative record. There is no excuse for tearing down the
candidates the Post-Dispatch did not choose.

My so-called "lackluster" performance includes the nationally acknowledged
election reform bill I sponsored and passed in 2002. Also receiving national
attention was my methamphetamine bill, which is being copied in other states. My
Small Business Regulatory Relief Act received acclaim outside of Missouri, too.
In my tenure as Banking Chair, we have modernized banking in Missouri. I passed
the brownfield bill when all economic development bills were being killed. The
litany could go on given enough space.

I am very proud of my legislative career, and my record has been validated by
many awards.

State Sen. Anita Yeckel R-Sunset Hills

Charter reform

A July 17 editorial regarding charter reform said that 114,000 voters signed the
charter amendment petitions. Not true.

Many people who signed the petitions signed four times -- once for each
amendment. That means about 28,500 people actually signed the petitions.
Subtract from that the number of signatures thrown out by the Board of Elections
and what do you have? A small portion of the city's voting population that is
nowhere close to the 60 percent needed to pass the amendments.

John Farrell Public Information Officer, Office of the Comptroller St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      August 25, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

STATE LEGISLATURE CONFIRMS INSURANCE COMMISSIONER;
HARRY LOW REPLACES CHUCK QUACKENBUSH, WHO RESIGNED UNDER THREAT OF IMPEACHMENT

BYLINE: John Howard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


SACRAMENTO -- The Legislature on Thursday confirmed the appointment of retired
appellate Justice Harry Low as state insurance commissioner. He replaces Chuck
Quackenbush, who resigned under the threat of impeachment for mishandling
insurance settlements.

Moving with rare speed, the Senate approved Low in a 34-0 vote that took fewer
than 60 seconds. The Assembly followed with a 71-0 confirmation vote.

Low will restore public confidence in the Insurance Department, said Senate
Leader John Burton, D-San Francisco. Republican Sen. John R. Lewis of Orange
called Low "a fair-minded official. Mr. Low is certainly well qualified."

Gov. Gray Davis appointed Low, 69, to head the Insurance Department after
Quackenbush stepped down on the eve of testifying before an Assembly committee
examining the commissioner's use of insurers' settlement money. "The bipartisan
approval of Justice Low is a testament to his wisdom, credibility and
integrity," Davis said. "As well as the respect for his ability to refocus the
Office of Insurance Commissioner on its fundamental mission of protecting
consumers."

Quackenbush, a Republican, left office July 10 under threat of impeachment,
after the disclosure that millions of dollars in insurance settlement funds were
spent on political purposes.

State and federal investigators are investigating. Quackenbush has denied any
wrongdoing, and no charges have been filed.

Among other things, investigators are examining Quackenbush's creation last year
of the California Research and Assistance Fund, bankrolled with $12.45 million
from insurers who had been threatened with up to $3 billion in fines for
mishandling Northridge earthquake claims.

The money was supposed to go for consumer assistance and quake research, but
none did.

Instead, at least $6 million was spent on TV ads featuring Quackenbush and other
spending unrelated to the fund's purpose.

Assemblyman Tom McClintock, whose district includes the area devastated by the
1994 quake, said in the Assembly that Quackenbush "stepped outside the structure
of the law to do creative settlements."

Low's adherence to the law "is precisely what we need," added McClintock, who
was the principal Republican critic of the former commissioner.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Students Push To Make Campus Sexual Assault A State Issue

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: Washington


Generation Progress has issued the following news release:

A new Inside Higher Ed survey recently found that 78 percent of college and
university presidents do not believe that campus sexual assault is a problem on
their campus. But students in New York State are asking for state oversight on
cases because they do not trust their universities.

"I didn't trust my school to take my complaint seriously because of Columbia's
history of grossly mishandling sexual violence cases in our community," said Zoe
Ridolfi-Star, a senior at Columbia University, to Capital New York.

Under the "Enough is Enough" legislation, New York governor Andrew Cuomo is
pushing all private universities in the state to be required to abide by the
same rules that all State University of New York System universities currently
abide by. This would include a "yes means yes" policy, as well as the
opportunity to have state police handle any sexual assault cases.

"As law enforcement officials, we are often the entity to whom victims reach out
to for help," said James Voutour, the president of the New York State Sheriffs
Association, in a press release. "It is critical students on campuses across the
state know that they share that right and have the power to choose how and where
they report incidents of sexual assault, including every level of law
enforcement in the state."

Nationwide, it is said that less than 5 percent of victims of sexual assault
report their cases to any entity. For many, the reason behind the lack of
reporting is fear that their college will not try their case fairly, and fail to
protect them as they do so.

Sejal Singh, another senior at Columbia University shared with Capital New York
her experience of being sexually assaulted during her freshman year at college
and explained that her reason for not reporting was directly related with
Columbia's historic handling of cases.

"Columbia has a well-deserved reputation for mishandling cases and punishing
rapists with a slap on the wrist," said Singh.

The examples she used were three separate male students who had been found
guilty of sexually assaulting female students. Their punishments included "a
one-semester suspension, a revocation of campus housing or a requirement to
write a reflective essay."

If Governor Cuomo's proposed legislation regarding campus sexual assault were to
pass, it would mandate that any student who is found guilty of sexually
assaulting another student must be suspended or expelled from his or her
university.

"New York is taking a stand by proposing the strongest measures in the nation to
combat sexual assault on college campuses," said Governor Cuomo in a statement.

Governor Cuomo has attached this piece of legislation to his proposed budget for
New York State. Many have signed on to support "Enough is Enough," including
student activists and high-profile celebrities, like Whoopi Goldberg.

The push by New York State's government to implement a plan that would move
forward in countering campus sexual assault is exactly what many student
activists, anti-rape advocates, and other government officials have been asking
for.

"In order to have any real change, you need to accept that there's a problem,
and we can't get to that real change unless [college presidents] acknowledge
it," said Annie Clark, a sexual assault survivor and co-founder of the
organization End Rape on Campus, to the Huffington Post.

Seventy-eight percent of college presidents might not believe campus sexual
assault is an issue on their campus, but students are making noise and proving
otherwise.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Students Push To Make Campus Sexual Assault A State Issue

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: Washington


Generation Progress has issued the following news release:

A new Inside Higher Ed survey recently found that 78 percent of college and
university presidents do not believe that campus sexual assault is a problem on
their campus. But students in New York State are asking for state oversight on
cases because they do not trust their universities.

"I didn't trust my school to take my complaint seriously because of Columbia's
history of grossly mishandling sexual violence cases in our community," said Zoe
Ridolfi-Star, a senior at Columbia University, to Capital New York.

Under the "Enough is Enough" legislation, New York governor Andrew Cuomo is
pushing all private universities in the state to be required to abide by the
same rules that all State University of New York System universities currently
abide by. This would include a "yes means yes" policy, as well as the
opportunity to have state police handle any sexual assault cases.

"As law enforcement officials, we are often the entity to whom victims reach out
to for help," said James Voutour, the president of the New York State Sheriffs
Association, in a press release. "It is critical students on campuses across the
state know that they share that right and have the power to choose how and where
they report incidents of sexual assault, including every level of law
enforcement in the state."

Nationwide, it is said that less than 5 percent of victims of sexual assault
report their cases to any entity. For many, the reason behind the lack of
reporting is fear that their college will not try their case fairly, and fail to
protect them as they do so.

Sejal Singh, another senior at Columbia University shared with Capital New York
her experience of being sexually assaulted during her freshman year at college
and explained that her reason for not reporting was directly related with
Columbia's historic handling of cases.

"Columbia has a well-deserved reputation for mishandling cases and punishing
rapists with a slap on the wrist," said Singh.

The examples she used were three separate male students who had been found
guilty of sexually assaulting female students. Their punishments included "a
one-semester suspension, a revocation of campus housing or a requirement to
write a reflective essay."

If Governor Cuomo's proposed legislation regarding campus sexual assault were to
pass, it would mandate that any student who is found guilty of sexually
assaulting another student must be suspended or expelled from his or her
university.

"New York is taking a stand by proposing the strongest measures in the nation to
combat sexual assault on college campuses," said Governor Cuomo in a statement.

Governor Cuomo has attached this piece of legislation to his proposed budget for
New York State. Many have signed on to support "Enough is Enough," including
student activists and high-profile celebrities, like Whoopi Goldberg.

The push by New York State's government to implement a plan that would move
forward in countering campus sexual assault is exactly what many student
activists, anti-rape advocates, and other government officials have been asking
for.

"In order to have any real change, you need to accept that there's a problem,
and we can't get to that real change unless [college presidents] acknowledge
it," said Annie Clark, a sexual assault survivor and co-founder of the
organization End Rape on Campus, to the Huffington Post.

Seventy-eight percent of college presidents might not believe campus sexual
assault is an issue on their campus, but students are making noise and proving
otherwise.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 31, 2009 Friday

Police charge 3 teens in break-in of stand: Handling of investigation drew
complaints from softball league president

BYLINE: Tiffeny Hurtado, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 577 words


Jul. 31--Decatur police arrested three juveniles Thursday in connection with a
concessions stand break-in that drew complaints from a local softball league
president of police mishandling evidence.

Detectives charged two males, ages 16 and 17, and a female, 15, with
third-degree burglary and transferred them to the Tennessee Valley Juvenile
Detention Facility in Tuscumbia, police said. The teens are accused of breaking
a window at a Brookhaven Middle School concession stand Sunday and stealing
three bags of chicken from a refrigerator, said Detective Ellie Green.

The break-in sparked a public exchange of e-mails between Brandon Harwell,
Decatur Dixie Softball League president, and Decatur Police Chief Ken Collier
after Harwell e-mailed his complaints to Collier, Mayor Don Stanford, City
Council members and the city's Parks and Recreation Department. In the e-mail,
Harwell accused the officer who took the incident report of mishandling
potential evidence at the concession stand, which the softball league uses.

Green said police arrested the teens after detectives noticed one of the
juveniles had a deep cut on his left index finger.

The investigating officer found blood, broken glass and a bloody paper towel at
the stand, he said. Collier said police took the bloody paper towel into
evidence.

Harwell claimed concession stands the league uses have been burglarized six
times this year, and police had yet to arrest any suspects.

Harwell's concession stand manager filed the burglary report and later told
Harwell, who was not at the scene during the investigation, that the officer
took a water bottle out of an evidence bag and gave it to a male juvenile who
claimed it was his, according to the e-mails.

Collier disagreed, saying the water was never taken into evidence. It had been
sitting on a nearby picnic table with a backpack that two Hispanic male
juveniles who had been playing on the multi-purpose fields later claimed.

"The officer told the juveniles there was blood around the building and asked if
he could check to see if they had any cuts," Green said. "Both were very
cooperative, and neither had any cuts."

Scene compromised

Although Harwell complained police gave away potential evidence, Green said that
when a crime scene technician arrived the next morning to process the scene,
maintenance workers had already compromised what evidence was left.

"Upon her arrival, the technician, Elizabeth Clark, discovered the building had
not been secured as was instructed," Green said. "The maintenance personnel had
already begun cleaning and making repairs, which completely compromised the
scene."

The technician instead took pictures, he said.

"For some reason, the maintenance personnel had been unable to enter the
concession stand through the door and had used the same window used by the
offenders the previous night to get inside," Green said.

Collier sent an e-mail reply to Harwell after the arrests and said none of the
teens arrested were Hispanic.

Police will seek restitution if the three teens are convicted, he said.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090731-DD-Police-charge-3-teens-in-break-in-of-stand-0731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2009 The Decatur Daily


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Abortion bill passes final House committee

BYLINE: Katy Bergen

SECTION: A; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 634 words


2016 LEGISLATURE

TALLAHASSEE - A bill that would require a physician who performs abortions to
have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital, and an abortion clinic to have
agreements in place to easily transfer a patient's medical records to a
hospital, passed its third and final House committee Tuesday.

HB 1411, sponsored by Rep. Colleen Burton, R-Lakeland, tightens the operating
standards for clinics that perform abortions, prohibits government agencies and
other groups from giving public funds to such organizations in most cases and
revises the punishment for mishandling fetal tissue.

A similar bill in the Senate has passed one committee, but still needs to be
heard by two more.

"This bill enhances the safety of women who undergo abortions and potentially
find themselves in an emergency situation," said Burton, who said her bill would
not stop anyone from receiving

comprehensive health care that clinics offer. "It does not restrict a woman's
right to choose."

But opponents, some wearing Planned Parenthood stickers, said it would do just
that and chastised lawmakers for not acknowledging that the law is a clear
attempt to shut down clinics that offer free or low-cost contraception,
mammograms and other health services because they also provide abortions.

Earlier this week, representatives from Planned Parenthood, one of the state's
largest abortion providers, told the News Service of Florida that the
regulations in Burton's bill are "medically unnecessary" and could cause health
clinics across the state to shut down. Others accused Burton and other lawmakers
of political theater - using the bill to appease anti-abortion voters in an
election year.

"We stand here knowing that this is not just an attack on women, but an attack
on the poor," Gabriel Garcia-Vera, a field organizer for the National Latina
Institute of Reproductive Health. "Placing barriers in front of access to common
sense health care? To family planning? That is an attack on women on every
front."

Though it was not mentioned directly by representatives, a video released last
year by The Center for Medical Progress, an anti-abortion group, was brought up
in public testimony.

Last year, the organization claimed that a secretly recorded video showed
Planned Parenthood officials admitting to illegally selling fetal tissue for
profit. According to the PolitiFact fact-checking website, 12 states have since
cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing, and the individuals who filmed the
video have been indicted with tampering charges.

Under Burton's bill, clinics and individuals could lose their licenses or be
charged with a crime for not properly disposing of fetal tissue. The bill also
increases the documentation, regulations and inspections clinics are expected to
undergo or submit. Clinics that perform abortions or are connected to such
organizations cannot receive public funding, unless those procedures involve a
case of rape or incest, or the life of the mother is in danger.

Supporters maintained that the bill was not anti-abortion, but about women's
safety. Under the bill, which was slightly amended by Burton, clinics must have
a patient transfer agreement with a local hospital and the physician performing
the procedure must have admitting privileges at a local hospital if abortions
are being performed after the first trimester. Clinics that only perform
abortions in the first trimester must have one or the other in place.

A young woman, who shared her story at the podium Tuesday, said she suffered
uterus damage after an abortion, and was afraid to go to a hospital.

"I'm not asking for anyone to take away my free will to choose," said Kimberly
Kent, "And I'm not asking for anyone to take any woman's right away to choose.
What I'm asking for is to please keep us safe, to please protect us."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2016 LEGISLATURE TALLAHASSEE - A bill that would require a physician
who performs abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital, and an
abortion clinic to have agreements in place to easily transfer a patient's
medical records to a hospital, passed its third and final House committee
Tuesday. HB 1411, sponsored by Rep. Colleen Burton, R-Lakeland, tightens the
operating standards for clinics that perform abortions, prohibits government
agencies and other groups from giving public funds to such organizations in most
cases and revises the punishment for mishandling fetal tissue.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             December 6, 1990, THURSDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

VICKERS RETALIATES FOR CITY HALL SUIT

BYLINE: Lorraine Kee Montre and Robert Goodrich Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1360 words


East St. Louis City Attorney Eric E. Vickers - claiming he's been drawn into
''nonsensical legal warfare'' - filed a countersuit Wednesday against two people
who blame him for the loss of City Hall.  Vickers filed the suit Wednesday in
federal court against East St. Louis Police Sgt. J.W. Cowan and his attorney,
Amiel Cueto. It claims the men have damaged his reputation and seeks $25 million
in damages from each of them.  Cowan filed a suit Friday accusing Vickers of
failing to file a timely appeal of a judge's decision giving City Hall to Walter
DeBow, who was severely beaten in the city's jail several years ago.  And yet
another suit has been filed against Vickers by St. Clair County Circuit Court
Judge Roger Scrivner, who awarded City Hall to DeBow.  Scrivner wants the
federal court to sanction Vickers for suing Scrivner in federal court in an
attempt to get City Hall back.  Meanwhile, Patrick M. Young, an attorney for the
trust that owns City Hall, wants to evict city officials for failing to pay
$447,300 in rent since Sept.  30.  Vickers said the outbreak of litigation was
purely political. In fact, he called Cowan's lawsuit ''political garbage.'' ''I
think with the city election coming, you've got shots being taken at the mayor
(Carl E. Officer through me,'' Vickers said. ''I didn't start this nonsensical
legal warfare, but I'm going to end it.'' Vickers said in a news release about
his suit that an appeal of the DeBow case is pending before the Illinois Court
of Appeals and that the sole purpose of Cowan and Cueto's suit was to damage his
professional reputation and ''to try to intimidate him from pursuing the
appeal.'' Cowan charged Vickers with malpractice in his suit, filed in St. Clair
County Circuit Court, for failing to appeal Scrivner's ruling within 30 days, as
required by law. Cowan is seeking $12 million Cowan's suit also accuses Vickers
of: Neglecting to prepare adequately for the Sept. 27 confiscation hearing
before Scrivner.  Letting an inexperienced colleague represent the city in that
case.  Mishandling a motion that Scrivner reconsider his ruling.  Prejudicing
the courts ''through baseless federal action and through unprofessional comments
in the newspapers and radio and TV, including referring to Scrivner as 'Saddam
Hussein.' '' Vickers said Cueto filed the suit because Cueto's friend and legal
client, Rep. Jerry F. Costello, D-Belleville, is ''part of the power structure
in Belleville that's been trying to crush'' East St. Louis.  ''The only thing
standing in their way is me and Carl,'' he said.  Cueto said he had not
discussed the suit with Costello.  Cowan's suit also targets former East St.
Louis attorney Samuel F. Ross Jr., Ross's law firm and Ross's malpractice
insurer, CNA Insurance Co. of Chicago.  Ross is accused of mishandling DeBow's
suit against East St. Louis and improperly representing the city and former
Police Chief Charles Wren.  Wren's suit was settled for $250,000.  Cowan accuses
CNA of inducing Ross to favor Wren's interests over the city's to minimize what
the company would have to pay to settle a malpractice suit Wren filed against
Ross.  CNA officials declined to comment, and Ross could not be reached.  City
Hall and a 220-acre industrial site owned by the city were given to DeBow by
Scrivner on Sept. 27 to settle a $3.4 million judgment against the city.
Vickers insists an appeal of Scrivner's ruling is under way. But Scrivner ruled
last month that no proper notice of appeal had been filed in the 30 days allowed
after his ruling on Sept. 27.  Scrivner wrote that he ''waited in vain for 30
days to have any cases or authorities cited'' to show any legal flaw in his
order conveying deeds to the two properties to the DeBow's estate. The estate
then sold the property to a secret land trust.  Scrivner also rejected Vickers'
motion to reconsider the ruling.  Vickers claims it would have been premature to
file an appeal before Scrivner ruled on the motion to reconsider the ruling.
Scrivner disagreed.  Besides asking Scrivner to reconsider his ruling, Vickers
filed suit in federal court in East St. Louis to reverse Scrivner's order and
give City Hall back to the city.  U.S. District Court Judge William Stiehl
dismissed those suits filed by Vickers, arguing that the federal court had no
jurisdiction in the battle over ownership of City Hall.  Scrivner now wants
Stiehl to impose sanctions against Vickers for filing those lawsuits against
Scrivner and the St. Clair County Court.  Scrivner's lawsuit was filed by
attorney Michael J. Nester, who declined to comment.  The trust that owns City
Hall wants to evict the city's officials and collect delinquent rent. The
eviction suit claims East St. Louis owes $447,300 in overdue rent for Sept. 28
to Nov. 30, and the amount is growing daily by $7,100.  The eviction suit filed
by Young says, ''The appeal filed by the city will be dismissed when the estate
files an appropriate action.'' The daily rent payment is based on an estimate
from city officials, who claim City Hall is worth $7.5 million, according to
Young's suit.  Young said Wednesday that he had voluntarily dismissed the mayor,
clerk, treasurer and aldermanic chairman as defendants, but that his suit
remained active against the city.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo Headshot (COLOR) - Eric E. Vickers, City Attorney (NOTE:
Some of the One Dot Lift Editions displayed a color headshot photograph of Elmer
J. 'Lucky' Cantrell with this cutline.) Photo Headshot (I3 Edition) - Eric E.
Vickers, City Attorney

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 21, 2009 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Community News;
DAILY ROUNDUP OF NEWS AND EVENTS FROM ACROSS METRO ATLANTA

BYLINE: MARCUS K. GARNER, RHONDA COOK, DAN CHAPMAN, ALEXIS STEVENS, APRIL HUNT,
TY TAGAMI, DOUG NURSE, PATRICK FOX, MIKE MORRIS, MEGAN MATTEUCCI, NANCY
BADERTSCHER; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 1506 words


ATLANTA

Midtown man charged in Buckhead attack

Atlanta police on Friday charged a Midtown man with attacking a woman last week
at a Buckhead apartment complex.

Lavel McNutt, 51, was charged with aggravated assault, false imprisonment and
battery, and is accused of attacking a woman March 12 at an apartment complex on
Canterbury Road.

Police expect to file more charges related to previous attacks on women, police
spokesman Otis Redmond said. Police were investigating four attacks on women
since August in the Buckhead area.

McNutt was arrested on unrelated outstanding warrants March 12 after a tipster
responded to publicized security video of a car leaving the apartment parking
lot.

--- Marcus Garner

COBB COUNTY

Judge will allow confession in case

A Cobb County judge said Friday he would let in a confession of a man charged
with shooting and paralyzing a well-known expert in primates when the two
suspects go on trial next week.

Kendall Bolden admitted in telephone and in-person conversations that he was
"involved" in the shooting of Shelly Williams in November 2005, according to a
detective who testified during a pretrial motion hearing.

Defense attorneys asked Judge Stephen Schuster to prohibit prosecutors from
telling the yet-to-be-selected jury about Bolden's comments.

Jury selection is scheduled for Monday in the trial for Bolden and co-defendant
Elliott Mitchell.

Smyrna police detective Mitchell Plumb testified that Bolden's lawyer
participated each time they talked.

Williams was at a Smyrna shopping center dropping off a jacket for alterations,
and Bolden and Mitchell were nearby.

The two men were at the parking lot to make "a drug deal" but were also planning
to "rip off" the drug dealer, Plumb testified. Williams was hit by a stray
bullet when a gun was fired during the robbery.

--- Rhonda Cook

Funeral home cited in mishandling bodies

A well-known Marietta funeral home has been sanctioned by a state administrative
judge in the mishandling of two bodies.

The judge recently placed Hanley-Shelton Funeral Home on probation for three
years and levied a $1,000 fine. Owner Henry Shelton was placed on probation for
three years, had his license suspended for 30 days and fined $1,000. Assistant
manager Edwin Shelton's funeral license was suspended for a week. He also faces
three years of probation.

The Sheltons, according to a case brought by the state's Board of Funeral
Services, kept the embalmed body of Reuben Hyatt unrefrigerated for more than
five months before releasing it for burial in July 2008.

Henry Lee Jackson died in February 2008. He was embalmed and readied for an
Alabama burial, although his wife had signed a contract with another funeral
home.

Both cases revolved around payment disputes between family members and
Hanley-Shelton.

The Sheltons wouldn't comment.

"I greatly disagree with this ruling," attorney Roy Barnes said Thursday.
"[Henry] Shelton has been a long and distinguished member of this community.
He's never had a disciplinary action."

--- Dan Chapman

Also ...

* Auction: The Dugout Club at Hillgrove High School is hosting a silent auction
and dinner today at 6 p.m. in the school cafeteria. Former major league and
Atlanta Braves catcher Todd Pratt will be the speaker. Tickets are $10.

--- Alexis Stevens

DEKALB COUNTY

Hearings on park expected next week

Hearings on a bill that mandates how DeKalb County must turn over Brook Run Park
to Dunwoody are expected to be held in the state House next Monday or Tuesday,
clearing the way for its approval.

Still, the city and county expect to continue negotiations on the issue next
week, in a bid to reach a deal on their own.

The bill favors Dunwoody, by requiring it to pay just $10,200 for the popular
park and $5,000 each to take ownership of county police and fire stations in the
city. Negotiations have lingered since December, in part because the county has
requested fair-market value for the properties, which would drive up the price.

---April Hunt

Official honored for his energy work

DeKalb County Commissioner Jeff Rader has been recognized by a U.S. Deptartment
of Energy-sponsored coalition for his work to reduce the use of petroleum in
transportation.

Fifteen years ago, Rader was the first coordinator for the Clean Cities Atlanta
initiative, a government-industry partnership sponsored by the energy agency's
Vehicle Technologies Program. The group pushes for improved fuel economy, the
use of new technology, such as hybrids, and the substitution of cleaner fuels,
such as natural gas, ethanol and biodiesel.

The award came at an event at the department's headquar-ters in Washington,
celebrating the 15th anniversary of the clean-cities initiative, which has
expanded to 90 local coalitions.

---Ty Tagami

Dunwoody will issue some city credit cards

Dunwoody has adopted a purchasing policy that includes the opportunity for some
employees to have city-issued credit cards.

The policy requires approval from a department head as well as City Manager
Warren Hutmacher before a worker is issued a credit card.

The cards have a $5,000 limit and are to be used "infrequently," Hutmacher said.

The policy also includes a preference for Dunwoody vendors, if all other factors
are equal, when bidding for goods or services.

---April Hunt

FULTON COUNTY

Alpharetta trailer bought for fire safety

The city of Alpharetta acquired a $59,000 trailer that's a disaster waiting to
happen.

Of course, that's the point. The trailer simulates fires to teach youngsters
what to do in an emergency.

Called "The Safety House," the trailer simulates fire, smoke, and heat in a home
so children learn safety and escape techniques. The Safety House will be set up
for presentations at schools, safety fairs and other community events.

As part of each tour, an instructor fills a room in the house with simulated
smoke and uses a heated door to mimic a fire on the other side, according to
Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., which helped pay for the display.

The house is equipped with a tornado simulator and a non-functional stove that
teaches lessons about kitchen fires.

Its first appearance will be Wednesday at 11 a.m. at Alpharetta Fire Station No.
1 at 2970 Webb Bridge Road.

------ Doug Nurse

GWINNETT COUNTY

County eligible for federal highway funds

Gwinnett County will get its share of highway funds available under the federal
stimulus package.

The Georgia Department of Transportation announced Friday that the county and
its cities, which are ineligible for state aid, are not excluded from the
federal funds, said spokeswoman Teri Pope.

The county and cities lost their eligibility for state assistance March 1 when
neither side could agree to a service plan to set tax rates for municipal
residents. That dispute remains in court-supervised mediation.

Gwinnett's department of transportation would receive about $80 million in
federal money for highway projects and another $9 million for its transit system
under the first phase of the federal program, said Brian Allen, county DOT
director.

--- Patrick Fox

GREATER ATLANTA

Delays are expected from roadwork

Motorists headed south through Henry County on I-75 this weekend can expect
delays as crews close lanes for construction. A separate project on the Downtown
Connector could cause backups next week.

A state Department of Transportation contractor is adding a new inside travel
lane from I-675 south to Hudson Bridge Road, said DOT spokesman Mark McKinnon.

The left lane along that stretch of the interstate will be closed during the day
today and Sunday, and two left lanes will be shut down at night, through 5 a.m.
Monday.

Another construction project in downtown Atlanta could cause nighttime delays on
I-75/85 northbound next week, the DOT warned.

The three left lanes of the northbound Downtown Connector will be closed between
10th and 17th streets from 8 p.m. to 5 a.m. next Monday through Friday, while
crews set beams for the new 14th Street bridge.

--- Mike Morris

Nine officers join Clayton Police

Despite budge cuts, nine new officers joined the Clayton County Police
Department on Friday.

The officers graduated from the Clayton County Regional Law Enforcement Academy
Thursday night after 10 weeks of training, spokesman Officer Kevin Hughes said.

The officers will spend the next two weeks learning department policies and
procedures before hitting the streets, Hughes said.

--- Megan Matteucci

Forsyth names new county manager

The Forsyth County Commission officially named Doug Derrer as county manager
Thursday night.

Derrer's been with the county since February 2008 and has been serving as
interim county manager since last September.

He has almost 30 years of local government experience, much in neighboring Hall
County.

--- Nancy Badertscher

Also ...

* MADD: Mothers Against Drunk Driving plan to heap praise Monday night on the
Woodstock Police Department for its new approach to getting drunks off the road.
On New Year's Eve, and again on St. Patrick's Day, the department put a
passenger van on the road to offer partying patrons of local establishments free
and safe rides home.

--- Nancy Badertscher

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rader /ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: BOB ANDRES / bandres@ajc.com Field day for Friends Right, twins Kyra and
Anya Solomon look for ducks as part of the Friends School of Atlanta field trip.
/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: BOB ANDRES / bandres@ajc.com Field day for Friends Students from the
Friends School of Atlanta on a science field trip were among many people taking
advantage of the weather on the first day of spring at the Cochran Shoals Area
of the Chattahoochee River. While many people jogged or walked dogs Friday, the
class found the three-mile trail along wetlands and forests was great for
locating plants and animals covered in class. /ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: JOHN SPINK / jspink@ajc.com Perfect day for padding in Piedmont Park On
the first day of spring, Mike Maddalena and his dog, Fenway, and Blake Allvine
go for morning exercise Friday at Piedmont Park. Allvine runs 3.5 miles a day,
while Maddalena was running Fenway instead of walking her so she would be calmer
later in the day around other dogs for Disney tryouts at Centennial Olympic
Park. /ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                      August 25, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

LAWMAKERS CONFIRM LOW

BYLINE: John Howard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


SACRAMENTO The Legislature on Thursday confirmed the appointment of retired
appellate Justice Harry Low as state insurance commissioner. He replaces Chuck
Quackenbush, who resigned under the threat of impeachment for mishandling
insurance settlements.

Moving with rare speed, the Senate approved Low in a 34-0 vote that took fewer
than 60 seconds. The Assembly followed with a 71-0 confirmation vote.

Most importantly, he will restore public confidence in the Insurance Department,
said Senate Leader John Burton, D-San Francisco.

Republican Sen. John R. Lewis of Orange called Low "a fair-minded official. Mr.
Low is certainly well qualified."

Gov. Gray Davis appointed Low, 69, to head the Insurance Department after
Quackenbush stepped down on the eve of testifying before an Assembly committee
examining the commissioner's use of insurers' settlement money.

"The bipartisan approval of Justice Low is a testament to his wisdom,
credibility and integrity," Davis said. "As well as the respect for his ability
to refocus the Office of Insurance Commissioner on its fundamental mission of
protecting consumers."

Quackenbush, a Republican, left office July 10 under threat of impeachment,
after the disclosure that millions of dollars in insurance settlement funds were
spent on political purposes.

State and federal investigators are investigating. Quackenbush has denied any
wrongdoing, and no charges have been filed.

Among other things, investigators are examining Quackenbush's creation last year
of the California Research and Assistance Fund, bankrolled with $12.45 million
from insurers who had been threatened with up to $3 billion in fines for
mishandling Northridge earthquake claims.

The money was supposed to go for consumer assistance and quake research, but
none did. Instead, at least $6 million was spent on TV ads featuring Quackenbush
and other spending unrelated to the fund's purpose.

Assemblyman Tom McClintock, whose district includes the area devastated by the
1994 quake, said in the Assembly that Quackenbush "stepped outside the structure
of the law to do creative settlements."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Is the FBI Investigating the Latest Clinton Revelations?

BYLINE: Ashe Schow

LENGTH: 615 words


Over the weekend-the final weekend before the general elections-two big stories
broke that should spell trouble for Hillary Clinton.

First it was revealed that Clinton repeatedly requested that her maid, Marina
Santos, print out emails and documents that contained sensitive information.
Several emails that Clinton asked Santos to print out were later deemed
classified.

In 2011, Clinton emailed senior adviser Huma Abedin to "Pls [sic] ask Marina to
print for me in am," referring to a document that was unclassified, but still
marked sensitive. In 2012, Clinton aide Monica Hanley told Clinton "We can ask
Marina to print this," referring to an email about the new president of Malawi.
And in April 2012, Hanley emailed Clinton "Marina is trying to print for you,"
referring to an email about "Revisions to the Iran points." Both emails sent to
Clinton from Hanley were later marked "confidential."

Regardless of what they were marked at the time, Clinton's maid-who didn't have
a security clearance-probably shouldn't have been tasked with printing out
emails to and from the United States secretary of state.

Further, FBI notes show Santos had access to a Sensitive Compartmented
Information Facility in Clinton's Washington, D.C. estate known as Whitehaven.
Santos would enter the SCIF where she "collected documents from the secure
facsimile machine for Clinton."

Santos does not appear to have been interviewed by the FBI while it was
investigating Clinton's use of a private email server. Nor was her computer and
the files contained therein subpoenaed by the Bureau.

So did the FBI investigate this information at all? That seems like pretty
intentional mishandling of potentially sensitive information. Again, even if the
emails weren't marked classified at the time they were sent or printed, Clinton
and her aides were requesting a maid without a security clearance print out
information from important government sources. Claiming they didn't know the
information could be sensitive is unacceptable.

Another scandal we learned about over the weekend involved the Clinton
Foundation and Chelsea Clinton's wedding. In emails illegally obtained and
released by Wikileaks, former top aide to President Bill Clinton, Doug Band,
complained to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta about Chelsea spending
Foundation money on herself.

"The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation
resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her
parents...," Band wrote.

He added: "I hope that you will speak to her and end this. Once we go down this
road..."

When it was revealed that Donald Trump may have used money from his foundation
to pay legal expenses, the media was quick to note that this sort of "self
dealing" was illegal. If it's true that Chelsea used foundation money to pay for
her wedding and lifestyle, that would certainly fall under the category of
self-dealing.

We already know the FBI is still investigating the Clinton Foundation (some
reports say the investigation is stalled, others say it is still active), so is
this information being looked into?

There are still so many unanswered questions about the FBI's investigation into
Clinton's mishandling of classified information. I would like to know whether
the information about her maid printing out sensitive information was thoroughly
investigated. It seems to go beyond some kind of accidental recklessness that
doesn't imply intent.

The latest revelations continue to prove that the Clintons are corrupt and play
fast and loose with the rules (and commonsense). Whether they will ever be held
accountable for their actions-not just in the court of public opinion-still
seems unlikely.


LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 16, 1982, Friday, Final Edition

License Revoked

SECTION: Business & Finance; Roundup; Area; D2

LENGTH: 158 words


The Maryland Insurance Commission yesterday revoked the license of Salisbury
insurance executive William C. Bicknell and fined him $11,500 for mishandling
customers' premiums and claims. Bicknell was found guilty of 23 administrative
charges involving illegal delays in payment of insurance claims and withdrawing
money from accounts earmarked for premiums, according to the commission.

Acting insurance Commissioner Edward J. Muhl said Bicknell could be fined an
additional $100,000 if he is convicted on criminal charges. When the commission
audited Bicknell's old firm, the Hardester Corp., at least $900,000 could not be
accounted for, officials said.

Lawyers for the state are presenting evidence about Bicknell's business affairs
to a Wimoco County grand jury. The insurance division has charged nine firms
throughout the state with mishandling between $2 million and $3 million of
premiums in an investigation still under way.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Ryan: DNI Should Deny Secretary Clinton Access to Classified
Information

LENGTH: 753  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Speaker Paul Ryan has issued the following news
release:



 Today, Speaker Ryan formally asked Director of National Intelligence James
Clapper to refrain from providing any classified information to former Secretary
of State Hillary Clinton. He also asked FBI Director James Comey to release the
full unclassified findings of the investigation of Secretary Clinton's email
system. This is the latest in a series of steps House Republicans are taking to
hold Secretary Clinton accountable for mishandling classified information.





 Here are some of the latest headlines on our efforts:



 Ryan Formally Asks DNI to Block Clinton's Access to Classified Info

 "After FBI Director James Comey called Clinton's handling of classified
material 'extremely careless,' Ryan argued in an interview on Fox on Tuesday
that the Democratic nominee shouldn't be permitted to get top secret briefings,
but the letter formalizes that recommendation. Ryan cites his own experience
receiving classified intelligence briefings as his party's vice presidential
nominee in 2012 in his letter, saying he understands Clinton is set to begin
getting similar briefings after her party formally nominates her at the
Democratic convention later this month." (CNN)



 Paul Ryan Has a Very Simple Idea for How Obama Admin Can Keep Classified
Secrets Safe From Hillary

 "[T]he House Speaker is appealing to Director of National Intelligence James
Clapper, who reports directly to resident Obama and is responsible for the
classified email briefings that are given to each presidential nominee. His
message: Deny Hillary Clinton those briefings." (IJ Review)



 Paul Ryan, GOP Officials Blast Clinton Over FBI Email Findings

 "House Speaker Paul Ryan blasted FBI Director James Comey's decision Tuesday
not to recommend charges against Hillary Clinton over her use of a private email
server at the State Department, saying the 'announcement defies explanation. . .
. Declining to prosecute Secretary Clinton for recklessly mishandling and
transmitting national security information will set a terrible precedent.'" (USA
Today)



 Ryan: Clinton's Handling of Emails 'Disqualifying'

 "Paul Ryan on Tuesday night continued harshly criticizing Hillary Clinton's use
of a private email server while in office, saying that 'she clearly lives above
the law' and that her actions were disqualifying. 'What bothers me about this is
that the Clintons really are living above the law,'. . . . Asked by Kelly
whether he thought Clinton's actions were disqualifying, Ryan replied: 'Oh, sure
I do.'" (POLITICO)



 FBI Director Grilled Over Clinton Email Claims at Tense Hearing

 "FBI Director James Comey acknowledged Thursday that multiple public statements
made by Hillary Clinton about her email use were not true, at a tense Capitol
Hill hearing where he faced tough questions from GOP lawmakers over the bureau's
decision not to seek charges against the former secretary of state despite her
handling of classified information." (Fox News)



 Ryan: 'Hillary Clinton Clearly Lives Above the Law'

 "House Speaker Paul Ryan weighed in on the FBI's decision not to recommend
criminal charges against Hillary Clinton, saying that the Democratic candidate
'lives above the law.' Ryan said that it sounded as if FBI Director James Comey
was preparing to recommend prosecution against Clinton for mishandling
classified information and being grossly negligent, only to recommend against."
(Fox News)



 GOP Mulls Congressional Action to Punish Clinton

 "House Republicans are considering whether to take punitive action against
former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, including the appointment of a
special prosecutor, in response to Clinton's careless use of classified emails
during her tenure, just a day after the FBI said it wouldn't recommend criminal
charges against her. 'We're not going to foreclose any options,' House Speaker
Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said Wednesday after meeting privately with House
Republicans. (Washington Examiner)



 House Republicans promise Clinton email probe is not over

 "Republicans in Congress are promising the headlines over Hillary Clinton's
email server won't go away anytime soon. On Wednesday, Republican leaders
announced that FBI Director James Comey and Attorney General Loretta Lynch will
be testifying on the subject on Capitol Hill over the next two weeks, and
additional probes may follow." (USA Today)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     June 12, 2002 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

Newsmakers: Two Phila. songwriters sue Britney Spears

BYLINE: Gayle Ronan Sims Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. E02

LENGTH: 1127 words


Two musicians have filed a lawsuit against Britney Spears, asserting that a
couple of songs on her multiplatinum second album, Oops!... I Did It Again, were
based on a tune they wrote. Philadelphia songwriters Michael Cottrill and
Lawrence Wnukowski are alleging that they authored, recorded and copyrighted a
song called "What You See Is What You Get" in late 1999 and submitted it to one
of Spears' representatives for consideration on a future album.

The song was rejected, the lawsuit says, but the musicians say the 20-year-old
pop star later released two songs, "What U See (Is What U Get)" and "Can't Make
You Love Me" that were "virtually identical" to the song they submitted.

The lawsuit, which seeks unspecified monetary damages, was filed late last week
in U.S. District Court here. It names Spears, Zomba Recording Corp., Jive
Records, Wright Entertainment Group and BMG Music Publishing. A call to Spears'
publicist was not returned.

The liner notes for Oops!... I Did it Again credit both songs to several writers
and producers at Cheiron Studios, the Swedish recording studio that also wrote
hits for the Backstreet Boys, 'N Sync and Celine Dion.

Carrie Hamilton comes home

When Carol Burnettbrought some of her daughter's ashes to Belleville, Ark.,
where the comedian's grandmother grew up, the scene was anything but mournful.
Hundreds turned out to enjoy bluegrass music and laugh along with Burnett, who
appeared on a stage set up in the town park.

Burnett's great-grandfather, F.C. Jones, made his living in the west-central
Arkansas town more than a century ago. Her grandmother, Mabel Eudora Jones
Creighton White, often told her stories about the town.

Burnett's daughter, Carrie Hamilton, who lived in rural Colorado, died in
January of cancer-related pneumonia. She had visited Belleville to research the
family's history, and Burnett said her daughter had been captivated by the town.
She told her family she wanted her ashes divided between Colorado and
Belleville.

No job and, soon, no home

F. Lee Bailey, who was disbarred in November for mishandling $6 million worth of
stock for a client, has put his oceanfront Florida house on the market and is
moving back to Boston. Bailey's native Massachusetts also has revoked his law
license.

The 69-year-old lawyer gained national prominence in 1966 for getting a reversal
of the murder verdict against Sam Sheppard, an Ohio doctor convicted of killing
his wife. The case became the basis for The Fugitive television series. Bailey,
whose clients have included O.J. Simpsonand Patty Hearst, was accused by the
Florida bar of mishandling $6 million in stock for a drug trafficker now serving
a life sentence. The U.S. Supreme Court refused to review the state decision in
May.

Book clubs everywhere

Two months after the producers of NBC's Today announced plans to launch an
on-air book club, ABC's Good Morning America is making plans to start its own
recommended-reading list. Once a month starting tomorrow, GMA will have book
clubs from around the country discuss their own selections for a segment called
"Read This."

GMA's move comes a week before Today plans to launch its own monthly segment,
for lesser-known books. It also comes six weeks after Regis Philbin'sLive
co-host, Kelly Ripa, cranked up her own book club and put the novel If Looks
Could Kill on top of her beach reading list.

All of the book clubs follow Oprah Winfrey'sannouncement that she would end her
on-air book programming, creating a gap for others to fill.

Movie stars cancel shows

The threat of war with Pakistan has forced some of India's movie stars to cancel
live shows in the U.K. later this month.

Organizers could not guarantee the 100-strong cast of From India With Love would
get British visas in time. The U.K. and most Western governments have pulled
nonessential diplomatic staff out of the country, fearing military conflict. The
result in the Indian capital of New Delhi has been long queues of people seeking
visas each day outside the various embassies.

Some 115,000 fans were to have seen Bollywood stars Shahrukh Khan, Amitabh
Bachchan, Aamir Khan, Aishwarya Rai and Preity Zinta onstage in London at the
end of June.

'Can't remember'

Woody Allen'sformer producer, Jean Doumanian,testified in New York that she
doesn't remember details of film deals but that she did give herself a $250,000
raise. The defendant in Allen's $12 million lawsuit over his movies' profits
testified that she did not know whether Deconstructing Harry made profits,
although records show it made $5.4 million.

Allen, who was not in court, is suing Doumanian and her boyfriend and business
partner, Jacqui Safra, saying they cheated him out of his share of profits on
eight movies made since 1993.

Orange Prize announced

Author Ann Patchett, who read from her newest book, Bel Canto, in Philadelphia
on Thursday, yesterday won the Orange Prize, currently England's richest
literary prize. Bel Canto is the tale of magic realism in which a group of
international visitors are taken hostage. The Orange Prize for Fiction has been
anonymously endowed since 1996 and awarded for the best novel of the year
written in English by a woman. Patchett was the only American among the six
finalists for the $43,800 prize. She lives in Nashville, Tenn.

Osbournes' album hits stores

Fresh from conquering MTV with the highest ratings in the music channel's
history, Ozzy Osbourne's brood hit record stores yesterday with the release of
The Osbourne Family Album.

The recording features 17-year-old Kelly Osbourne'srendition of Madonna's"Papa
Don't Preach," as well as family favorites including songs by John Lennon,
System of a Down and, of course, dad Ozzy.

Locally connected

Choral Arts Society of Philadelphia won the Margaret HillisAward for Choral
Excellence at the 25th annual Chorus America conference this weekend in Denver.
The award, which honors the memory of Margaret Hillis, founder of the Chicago
Symphony Chorus, and her more than 40 years of professional contributions to the
choral art, is presented annually to a member ensemble that demonstrates
artistic excellence.

In addition, the William Penn Foundation recently awarded Choral Arts a
two-year, $134,310 "organizational capacity" grant to increase its amount of
contributions.

Meanwhile, Israeli historianMichael Oren will talk about his best-selling book,
Six Days of War: June 1967 and the Making of the Modern Middle East, at the
Northeast Regional Library, 2228 Cottman Ave, tonight at 7 p.m. A book signing
will follow. Phone: 215-685-0501.

Contact Gayle Ronan Sims at 215-854-4185 or gsims@phillynews.com. Inquirer wire
services contributed to this column.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 8, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

REPORT DENIES RACISM IN LEE CASE;
PROSECUTOR CONTRADICTS ACCOUNTS OF EX-ENERGY DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS

BYLINE: DAN EGGEN AND ELLEN NAKASHIMA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 809 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON Federal investigators did not target former Los Alamos nuclear
scientist Wen Ho Lee based on his ethnicity, according to a classified report
that is otherwise highly critical of the conduct of the FBI and Energy
Department during the probe.

The internal report by federal prosecutor Randy Bellows, a version of which is
scheduled to be released next week, says that although the government's
espionage investigation of Lee, a native of Taiwan, had many shortcomings,
"racism was not one of them," according to numerous people who have reviewed its
findings.

"Recent allegations of racial bias in the selection of Wen Ho and Sylvia Lee are
without merit," the report concludes.

The report's findings on racism, which have not been revealed previously, appear
to contradict the accounts of at least two former Energy Department officials.

They include the former chief of counterintelligence, Robert Vrooman, who has
said in sworn statements that Lee was targeted for investigation of whether he
leaked nuclear secrets to China based largely on his race.

Bellows' review, completed in May 2000, is certain to figure prominently in a
defamation lawsuit by another energy official who says he was wrongly accused of
racism in the case.

Lee, who was jailed on 59 felony counts of mishandling classified information
and violating the Atomic Energy Act, pleaded guilty in September to a single
felony charge of mishandling classified information after the government's case
largely fell apart in court.

He had spent nine months in solitary confinement.

Lee has indicated in press reports and court filings that he believes he was
singled out because he is a naturalized U.S. citizen who is a Taiwan native.

The case prompted condemnations from Asian-American leaders, who accused the
government of engaging in racial profiling and stereotyping in its flawed
investigation of Lee.

Those problems, including allegations that the FBI moved too slowly, was sloppy
in its investigative methods and may have failed to detect other national
security breaches, were revealed last year, after Bellows completed his report.

Notra Trulock III, a former energy official who has filed a defamation lawsuit
against Lee, said the Bellows findings on race bolster his suit, which alleges
that Lee authorized supporters to accuse Trulock of racism on the scientist's
Web site.

A federal magistrate in suburban Alexandria, Va., who is hearing the case has
demanded portions of the Bellows report from the Justice Department, which has
tentatively scheduled the report's release for Monday.

"I feel that I am exonerated," said Trulock, 53, who left the Energy Department
in August 1999 and is unemployed.

"I knew that racial profiling had not been employed and that certainly I'm not a
racist. Finally, hopefully, this is a turn in the right direction. I've got to
see it to believe it."

Larry Klayman, Trulock's lead attorney and chairman of the activist group
Judicial Watch, said that "obviously, this helps make our case against Wen Ho
Lee."

Lee's lead attorney, Los Angeles lawyer Mark Holscher, said he had no comment on
the racism issue.

"We have not seen the Bellows report and can't comment on any of the rumors
regarding its contents," he said.

Vrooman, one of the defendants in Trulock's lawsuit, also declined comment
Tuesday night.

The 800-page Bellows report stems from an internal probe into the Chinese
espionage investigation ordered by then-Attorney General Janet Reno in May 1999,
shortly after Lee was fired from his job.

Lee and his wife, Sylvia, have filed a civil suit against the FBI, the Justice
Department and Energy Department alleging that Lee's privacy was violated by
government leaks of his name to the press during the investigation.

Lee is also locked in a dispute with federal government censors over whether his
forthcoming autobiography violates security rules.

Lee has alleged in court documents that his ethnicity played a role in his being
targeted as an espionage suspect at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New
Mexico.

Vrooman and Charles Washington, the Energy Department's former acting director
of counterintelligence, have both provided sworn statements alleging that race
played a role in his prosecution.

In one declaration, Vrooman said, "I state without reservation that racial
profiling was a crucial component in the FBI's identifying Dr. Lee as a
suspect."

But an Energy Department investigator, Daniel Bruno, said in an interview last
year that ethnicity was not a factor when he first focused on Lee for
investigation in 1995.

Bruno said Lee's personnel record was full of "anomalies" that raised
suspicions, and said an initial list of suspects from the Los Alamos and
Livermore nuclear laboratories consisted of six Caucasians and three
Asian-Americans.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Washington Post

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

China-US summit: When giants meet -What the American host wants

                                October 26, 1997

Lee Siew Hua, US Correspondent


THE United States hopes to stabilise relations with China and move beyond the
1989 Tiananmen crisis, which had led to a loss in public support for close
bilateral ties and a dangerous drift in China policy here.

The Clinton administration wants a successful summit so that it can lay a
steadier foundation for relations and avoid costly miscalculations, which had
earlier involved the mishandling of hyper-sensitive Taiwan issue.

The US also wants to see better progress on a huge basket of issues. Mr Stanley
Roth, the State Department's chief policy-maker on Asia, said there was still "a
long way to go", chiefly on non-proliferation, human rights, market access and
religious freedom.

He added: "The summit can stabilise the foundation of the

relationship." BILATERAL TIES: Purposeful engagement IN RECENT weeks, State
Department and National Security Council officials had made remarks along the
lines of the relationship being "very broad and very dynamic" and that the
summit would "lay the groundwork for co-operation in an expanding relationship".

Much of the language may be bland but US analysts said a fundamental idea here
is stability.

Said Mr Robert Manning, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and
a former State Department policy planner: "The administration wants to put a
floor to the relationship and stabilise it. They want to get beyond Tiananmen
and try to define a post-Cold War relationship with China."

The administration has stayed the course overall on its China engagement policy,
despite hostility from vocal factions in Congress, the media and a broad
coalition of activists linking the left and right.

Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, since taking office this year, had often
highlighted purposeful engagement with China, in order to integrate it peaceably
into the world system.

She told the Council on Foreign Relations in New York last month: "China will
continue to be a rising force. The history of this century teaches us the wisdom
of inviting such a power into the mainstream as a responsible participant in the
international system, rather than consigning it prematurely to a divergent
path." NUCLEAR ARMS: No new deals with Iran THE centrepiece of the summit is
likely to be an agreement on nuclear co-operation.

One week before the summit, US officials were still in Beijing negotiating the
final details, in an effort to get the maximum and strongest commitments from
China, particularly on a pledge to foreswear new nuclear deals with Iran.

In the best outcome, President Bill Clinton will be able to give a clean
certification that China has stopped helping Iran and other countries to develop
a nuclear arsenal.

Congress will then approve the certification, paving the way for US companies to
sell nuclear reactors for the first time to China.

US government officials were quoted in media reports that China had become more
"responsible" on non-proliferation in recent years, and that they were hopeful
that an agreement would be sealed at the summit.

Sources in Congress indicated that the certification would not be blocked.
Lobbying relentlessly, nuclear power suppliers Westinghouse, General Electric
and ABB Combustion had mobilised swarms of suppliers and vendors to persuade
members of Congress about the importance of selling to China, a market valued
variously at US$ 15 billion (S$ 22.5 billion) to US$ 50 billion.

Critics had jumped in, with Senator Jesse Helms, chairman of the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee, saying that certification would be a "testament to the role
financial interests play in the US policy on China".

There were also fears that Mr Clinton may be moving too fast if he certifies
China now, instead of, say, waiting till his own visit to Beijing next spring to
complete the agreement in a two-step process.

Still unclear last week was the specific shape that China's pledge might take,
and the actual agreement between the two countries. HUMAN RIGHTS: A core issue
ON HUMAN rights, the US has always pressed for the release of political
prisoners and US officials indicated that it would be a "bonus" if China
released leading dissidents like Wang Dan and Wei Jinsheng.

Days before the summit, the Chinese had not given the Americans reason to
believe that their release was imminent, the State Department said.

In any case, human rights will clearly be a core issue at the summit and Mrs
Albright, a democracy crusader, has stated repeatedly that the US always took
every opportunity at every high-level dialogue to discuss it.

Still, the US can be expected to be pragmatic enough not to allow the
relationship to be held hostage to any one single issue.

As Mr Richard Haass, director of Foreign Policy Studies at the Brookings
Institution, said in the Foreign Policy quarterly: "To narrowly focus on human
rights is an unjustifiable luxury."

He said this in light of the fact that Sino-American ties were likely to define
the next half-century.

Protestors of all stripes have been gearing up to confront Chinese President
Jiang Zemin on his seven-stop swing through Honolulu, Williamsburg, Washington,
Philadelphia, New York, Boston and Los Angeles.

The protestors include exiled Tibetans and celebrity sympathisers like Hollywood
actors Richard Gere and Harrison Ford.

There are also pro-independence Taiwanese groups, human rights activists, labour
organisations, environmentalists and non-proliferation groups.

The US had warned Mr Jiang to expect protesters -Senator Dianne Feinstein had
reportedly discussed this personally with Mr Jiang -and their presence may be
played up in the US media.

Already, newspapers have said it was galling for Mr Jiang to visit places which
symbolise the American ideals of liberty and democracy, including Independence
Hall in Philadelphia and Boston, the cradle of the Revolution.

But Ms Elaine Chao, a former Deputy Transportation Secretary and the
highest-ranking Asian-American official in the Bush and Reagan administrations,
pointed to a cultural gulf between American and Chinese perceptions of the
itinerary.

"The Chinese chose these well-known sights in America because as guests, they
want to show their respect. It's very Chinese. The Chinese operate in subtleties
and a panoply of symbols."

Ms Chao, now a Distinguished Fellow at The Heritage Foundation, a conservative
think-tank, said she hoped the media would report responsibly and fairly.

Nevertheless, the Chinese should not be over-concerned about protesters and
media reaction, she said.

"America is a land of free speech. People of all backgrounds have a right to
voice their individual opinions. It's part of American life."

She and her husband, Senator Mitch McConnell, a Republican from Kentucky, will
meet Mr Jiang on Wednesday but she declined to reveal what she intended to
discuss with the latter as a representative of the Chinese-American community.
OTHER MATTERS: Modest expectations OVERALL, analysts think that US expectations
of the summit are modest.

Mr Peter Rodman, the National Security Programmes Director at the Nixon Centre
for Peace and Freedom, said the administration had "lowered its expectations" of
the summit. He was concerned that this might lead to a lowering of efforts as
well.

In terms of president-sized initiatives, nuclear co-operation may be the only
substantive agreement. Others are more "bureaucratic" in nature, though they
undoubtedly play a role in smoothening relations.

These include a military maritime accord that seeks to avoid incidents at sea,
particularly as China expands its navy.

An announcement that a Drug Enforcement Administration (missing word) will be
set up in Beijing is expected, and also a rule-of-law initiative to assist China
on issues like an independent judiciary and commercial codes.

The US has amassed an extensive list of items to bring up at the summit. As Mrs
Albright said, during a joint news conference last month with her Chinese
counterpart Qian Qichen, the US would seek co-operation on global issues like
energy, environment, law enforcement, non-proliferation, trade, human rights,
the UN and "strategic dialogue" on areas like Korea and Cambodia. POLICY
PROCESSES: Backing needed THE US is expected to press China to shrink its trade
imbalance with the US. One week before the summit, Commerce Secretary William
Daley said the US trade deficit with China had soared 9.6 per cent to a record
US$ 5.2 billion in August.

The US will also affirm its one-China policy and discuss strategic issues like
peace on the Korean peninsula, recognising China as a weighty player in regional
affairs.

The US has paid closer attention to relations since the Taiwan Strait crisis and
stepped-up dialogue between high-ranking officials.

But there was also a major need to win the backing of the American people and
Congress on the China policy, Asian specialists said.

Mrs Albright herself had explained clearly the US-China relationship in her
general foreign-policy addresses at town hall meetings and a spectrum of
organisations.

Until recently, Mr Clinton, a persuasive communicator, had not been involved
personally in explaining his China policy to the ambivalent American public.

Deals had been struck quietly here and there by the administration with
Congress, which had provided bipartisan support until the Tiananmen incident.

In place of hanging the entire relationship on the acrimonious Most Favoured
Nation trading status with China, members of Congress had agreed this year to
introduce focused legislation.

What resulted had been a series of China-related legislation, including a
controversial one to deny US visas to Chinese officials suspected of being
involved with religious persecution.

The deal that the Clinton administration struck most recently with congressional
leaders was to delay debate on these Bills until after Mr Jiang's visit, which
could also result in quick negation of some of the newly-won goodwill.

A congressional aide said he felt that members of the House were generally more
eager to push the legislation than the Senate, and that China now understood
better the pluralistic forces in Congress.

Mr Jiang will have a breakfast meeting with 50 to 60 members of Congress on
Thursday but he had been persuaded not to give the traditional address to both
Houses. FUTURE MOVES: New view, return visit SO, MR JIANG can expect a
pluralistic range of responses, from pushy optimism among American corporations
to outrage among activists, from hopeful pragmatism in the Clinton
administration to ambivalence on the part of the American public which still has
CNN images of Tiananmen Square playing in its mind.

Perhaps Mr Jiang's visit will stabilise down the rollercoaster relations that
the US has tended to have with China, which swung from embracing it as
missionaries in the last century to viewing it as a cuddly panda in the '70s, to
fearing that it would become a future expansionist enemy.

As Mr Manning of the Council on Foreign Relations asked, did China have to be
either a cuddly panda or a nationalistic force? "Why can't China be both?"

So, aside from the substantive pacts, improved stability in relations and an
increase in momentum for Mr Clinton's upcoming visit to Beijing, one additional
measure of the success of the summit would be whether American perceptions of
China can start changing.

As the Clinton administration knows, in the long term, American public support
is essential to stable relations.

SECTION: Sunday Review; Cover Story; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1926 words

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Bill Clinton ... his government wants a successful summit in
order to lay a steadier foundation for relations and avoid costly
miscalculations like the mishandling of the Taiwan issue.

                 Copyright 1997 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           September 1, 2000, Friday,

Downloading nuclear secrets isn't a charge to be trivialized;
 Lee may have right to bail, but he is accused of serious offenses.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 171 words


After months behind bars, Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee may be within days of
being released on bail.

Lee, 60, has been in jail since Dec. 10, when he was arrested on 59 counts of
downloading secret data to his computer and back-up tapes. The lab's director
said the data included "the complete nuclear weapons design capabilities of Los
Alamos at the time."

Lee's supporters say that the scientist wasn't a spy, that he hadn't been
accused of giving secrets to the Chinese government and that he should have been
released from jail while awaiting trial for mishandling sensitive data. A judge
now says that the case for holding Lee in prison is no longer as compelling, and
has set a bail date for Friday.

While punishment should follow conviction and not the other way around, it's
wrong for the judge or Lee's supporters to suggest mishandling nuclear secrets
isn't a grave offense. The charges against him are serious, the case appears
strong and the potential damage to America's defenses is extensive.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

The Associated Press;

 Wen Ho Lee may soon be freed on bail.

                 Copyright 2000 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 17, 1989

Lords reject claims by cleared police: Officers say discipline proceedings were
mishandled

LENGTH: 390 words


Nine police officers seeking damages for distress caused by alleged mishandling
of disciplinary proceedings cannot go ahead with their claims, the House of
Lords ruled yesterday.

Five Law Lords headed by Lord Bridge dismissed appeals by eight Merseyside
officers and a former member of the Greater Manchester force. They ruled that
High Court writs issued against the respective chief constables should be struck
out.

Lord Bridge said it would be against public policy to prejudice the fearless and
efficient discharge of the police duty to investigate crim if they had to act
under the shadow of potential actions for damages.

He said the appeals arose from three separate actions, the first involving five
Merseyside officers - William Calveley, Michael Blundell, Stanley Giffiths,
Anthony Spencer and Rory Anderson.

They claimed damages for 'anxiety, vexation and injury to reputation', plus loss
of overtime earnings, because of alleged police mishandling of an investigation
concerning a complaint arising from an arrest in 1981.

The five were dismissed in September, 1984, after being found guilty of
disciplinary offences but were reinstated in 1985 after Court of Appeal quashed
the decision.

In the second action, three other Merseyside policemen - Terence Worrall, Gary
McDonough and Stephen Adams - sued over allegedly negligent conduct of complaint
investigations also arising from a 1981 arrest. In 1984, they were cleared of
perjury and conspiracy to perver justice.

In the third action, John park, who was discharged from the Manchester force in
January 1985, sought damages for 'depressive illness and anxiety state' and loss
of earnings over the conduct of a complaint investigation. He left the force on
medical grounds before any disciplinary proceedings began.

Lord Bridge said that, where there was no question of malicious prosecution, it
would be strange indeed if an acquitted defendant could recover damages for
'negligent investigation'.

He said there was no reason why a police officer should be in a better position
than any other acquitted defendant.

Although accused police officers were liable to be suspended during
investigations, Lord Bridge said that they normally received full pay and
allowances. They could make up for lost overtime by taking temporary jobs.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             May 16, 2002 Thursday

Dismissed college administrators lose round in court Judge refuses to exclude
pair of Victor Valley Community College trustees from upcoming termination
hearings

BYLINE: MELANIE C. JOHNSON

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Two Victor Valley Community College board members can participate in the
upcoming hearings of three administrators fired earlier this year, a Victorville
Superior Court judge ruled Thursday.

Judge Donald Alvarez rejected motions filed by attorneys representing former
college President Nicholas Halisky and his wife, Cathy, former director of
management information systems, to dismiss trustees Dennis Henderson and Tom
Elderthe from the hearings for alleged bias.

Alvarez delayed ruling on a motion filed by the college to dismiss board member
Bettye Underhill on the same claims of bias, saying he would take the matter
under advisement and file a written ruling.

"It's appropriate,' Stan Hodge, the college's attorney, said of the judge's
decision, adding that Henderson and Elder can be fair and impartial.

The judge also denied a motion by the college to disqualify the Haliskys'
attorney, Marc D. Robert,s from the case and a writ filed by the Haliskys'
lawyers that called for the college to drop all accusations against Cathy
Halisky on the grounds that her firing was based on an incident that was more
than three years old.

The 1999 incident involved the alleged mishandling of drug paraphernalia found
in the office of an employee. The alleged evidence mishandling led to the firing
of the Haliskys and Lois Kobz, former director of human resources.

Judge Alvarez said it was too early for the court to intervene on either matter,
adding that to do so would be to assume that the college would act
inappropriately.

Motions can still be filed after the college's hearings if necessary, he said.

"The problem the court has with pre-emptive actions is the court is being asked
to anticipate as well as speculate on the future as to what the community
college may or may not do,' Alvarez said. "You're asking me to look at it, as I
see it, through a crystal ball.'

But the Haliskys' attorney, James Gilbert, argued that board President
Henderson's involvement in the investigation that resulted in the dismissals and
public statements he has made demonstrate his bias.

The best solution would be to enlist an impartial hearing board, he said.

"The point is to prevent Mr. Henderson from hearing this,' Gilbert said. "Due
process requires a fair trial before a fair tribunal.'

Alvarez countered that charges made against trustee Bettye Underhill citing
alleged bias did not draw complaints from attorneys representing the Haliskys.

"Do those arguments apply equally to Dr. Underhill?' Alvarez asked. "That sword
cuts both ways.'

Attorneys for the Haliskys have filed a lawsuit claiming that Cathy Halisky is
being penalized for being the wife of Nicholas Halisky and have vowed to file
other suits.

Closed board hearings to finalize the dismissals of the Haliskys and Kobz have
tentatively been set for the first three weeks in June.

The board voted to fire the trio Feb. 12. The panel also voted to deny
wrongful-termination claims that the former administrators had filed.

The Haliskys and Kobz have been on paid leave since December, pending the
outcome of an investigation and the hearings. The cost of their salaries and the
college's legal bills has surpassed $150,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                  May 8, 2000

Quackenbush Grilled By State Assembly

BYLINE: BY J. C. HOWARD, CALIFORNIA CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Insurance Commissioner Charles Quackenbush, under fire for establishing a
nonprofit private foundation with millions of dollars from insurance companies
facing penalties for alleged mishandling of earthquake claims, said he made
mistakes in approving the scheme and that he felt "mortified" by the deepening
political scandal.

But the elected Republican regulator, under nearly four hours of grilling by the
Democrat-controlled Assembly Insurance Committee, did not acknowledge any
wrongdoing, saying the goal of the California Research and Assistance Fund he
established last year was to get money quickly into the hands of consumers and
avoid years of costly litigation.

The CARF is one of several funds the commissioner established.

"Please know that these foundations were established with the best of
intentions," the commissioner said, adding that he made "mistakes in judgment."

Commissioner Quackenbush, 46, is one of California's ranking Republican
officeholders.  His role in the creation and handling of the funds is the
subject of investigations by the legislature and the state attorney general's
office, both of which are headed by Democrats.

The core of the controversy, which has dominated the front pages of California
newspapers for weeks, is the commissioner's decision allowing the insurers who,
according to the Insurance Department's own market conduct exams, faced enormous
penalties for mishandling claims from the 1994.  Northridge earthquake, to avoid
paying the huge fines by contributing to the fund instead.

Democrats, along with some Republicans, and insurance industry watchdogs say
CRAF improperly allowed the insurers off the hook for vastly higher penalties
that should have been paid into the state treasury.  They note that Commissioner
Quackenbush's political campaigns have been largely bankrolled by insurance
companies, and that he appeared to benefit politically from the funds.

Moreover, they said that any fines should have been paid into the state treasury
-- not into a non-government fund over which the commissioner could exert
influence.

"Either they [the insurers] violated the law and should have been fined, or they
should have been left alone," said Republican Assemblyman Tom McClintock of
Northridge, whose district was at the heart of the 1994 quake.  Assemblyman
McClintock, echoing media reports, said the commissioner appeared to pressure
insurers to "contribute to this worthy cause or we'll make your life a living
hell."

"A prosecutor doesn't say, 'Yeah, we know you robbed a bank.  But if you give $
100,000 to United Way we'll forget the whole thing," he added.

The commissioner has denied he pressured insurers to finance the foundations,
although his staff said the potential penalties -- $ 2.3 billion in the case of
State Farm, for example -- were maximized for "shock value" during the
negotiations.

But Commissioner Quackenbush and his staff said the commissioner has the power
to authorize such programs as part of his broad authority to regulate insurers.

Commissioner Quackenbush also said he and his department had no role in deciding
how the funds' money was spent.  However, a key figure who reportedly screened
applications for the funds resigned recently under pressure as one of the
commissioner's deputies.

"I never had any role in the decision-making of those boards," the commissioner
said.  "When requested, I have obviously participated in some of the projects
approved by the board, but that's the extent of my interaction," he said.

The insurers rejected any suggestions that they mishandled claims, and said the
contributions were designed to aid quake research and assist consumers.

At least three insurance-related funds were set up, but the most intense
controversy revolves around CRAF, which was financed with $ 11.6 million from a
half-dozen insurance companies, including Bloomington, Ill.-based State Farm,
Los Angeles-based Farmers and 21st Century of Woodland Hills, Calif.  The fund
was intended to finance quake-damage research and help consumers deal with
problems related to earthquake claims, Commissioner Quackenbush and the insurers
say.

But thus far, little money has gone directly to consumers, a fact that the
commissioner acknowledged.  Instead, some $ 3 million was spent on television
advertising last November featuring the commissioner alerting viewers to an
800-number for consumer complaints, and another $ 1.1 million was spent on TV
ads featuring the commissioner and Los Angeles Lakers star Shaquille O'Neal.

Other spending included $ 500,000 to the Greater Sacramento Area Urban League,
which has little connection to earthquake issues and which received the money
shortly after Commissioner Quackenbush became a director of the group.

"The creation of the foundation has not as yet gotten a dime to consumers,"
noted Committee Chairman Jack Scott, D-Altadena.

The size of the insurers' contributions to CRAF, in comparison with the size of
the alleged penalties confronting insurers, drew the committee's sharpest
attention.  Lawmakers repeatedly questioned the commissioner about the
negotiations with State Farm, for example, that shrank the $ 2.3 billion penalty
figure to only a $ 2 million contribution to CRAF.

The commissioner's top staff, who appeared with him at the hearing, said
revealing documents and details of the negotiations could compromise the
agency's negotiating procedures.  But lawmakers were skeptical.

"I wonder what we might be compromising when you go from $ 2.38 billion to $ 2
million in 45 days," replied Assemblyman Fred Keeley, D-Boulder Creek.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 The National Underwriter Company


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday

Baehr still mumon Lowell AD'squick departure

BYLINE: REBECCA PIRO, Sun Staff

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 391 words

DATELINE: LOWELL


The superintendent of schools stood her ground last night and refused to release
specific information regarding now-retired Lowell High School Athletic Director
Charlie Ryan's possible involvement in the mishandling of School Department
funds.

"I know there has been considerable frustration [related to the limited
information]," Karla Brooks Baehr said, referring to her secretive two-week
investigation that ended Feb. 16 with Ryan's abrupt retirement.

But she made no apology, and once again cited laws that she said protect the
privacy rights of personnel. She did, however, agree to provide the School
Committee with a report containing what she "legally can report," such as
financial reports, an audit result and general departmental procedures.

Baehr's defiance was in response to motions filed by School Committee members
Joe Mendonca and Kevin McHugh, who declared last week that the public, as well
as school officials like themselves, deserve to know more.

Mendonca moved that Baehr report to the committee regarding the findings of her
investigation. McHugh moved that Baehr hire an auditor to review the district's
student-activities accounts, rumored to be the subject of mishandling.

Afterwards, committee members expressed mixed reactions to Baehr's stance.

"I'm not surprised," said McHugh, adding that he filed his request for an audit
because he expected Baehr to withhold personnel details. "I don't expect the
report to say much other than there was an incident, and all the funds were
[accounted for]."

"I think it's a beginning," said member Regina Faticanti, who told Baehr during
the meeting it is "unacceptable" that she conduct the School Department's
affairs in a vacuum. "If it's financial information, the School Committee has a
right to know every nickel and dime."

Members are considering creating a policy ordering Baehr to include them in
future personnel matters, with the understanding that the information would not
be shared with the general public.

Baehr said she will request the city solicitor's help to determine what is legal
for her to share with the School Committee while compiling her report.

The report will be released to an open meeting of the School Committee's
Personnel Subcommittee, yet to be scheduled.

Rebecca Piro's e-mail address is rpiro@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2005


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 31, 2011 Monday

Two Utahns on 'Survivor' still in the running for the $1 million prize

BYLINE: Christine Rappleye Mormon Times

LENGTH: 628 words


As "Survivor: South Pacific" on CBS approaches the halfway point, two Utahns are
still on the island and in the running for the $1 million prize. Dawn Meehan,
41, of South Jordan and an English professor at Brigham Young University, is
part of the Savaii Tribe, and Rick Nelson, 51, a rancher from Aurora, Utah, who
has a handlebar mustache and is commonly seen wearing a cowboy hat, is part of
the Upolu Tribe. Both are also members of The Church of Jesus Christ of
Latter-day Saints (Mormon). In recent episodes, neither has been in danger of
being sent home by fellow tribe members, as they have helped their teams win
challenges and haven't been the weakest or the most devious or obnoxious on
their teams. The show is based on winning immunity challenges, making alliances
and trusting the right people, along with surviving on an uninhabited island.

In a bold move on Wednesday's episode, 30-year-old Oscar ?Ozzy? Lusth
volunteered to be voted off the Savaii Tribe and sent to Redemption Island with
hopes of rejoining his tribe and regaining his immunity idol. Once a player is
voted out at tribal council, they go to Redemption Island. The player then
competes with another voted-off member on Redemption Island for a chance to get
back in the game. Before the two-time "Survivor" alum rejoins the tribe, Lusth
must beat Christine Shields Markoski, 39, who has won four of the one-on-one
competitions. On Wednesday's episode, of Day 17 and 18 on the island, she beat
22-year-old Mikayla Wingle, who was voted out of the Upolu Tribe during the Oct.
19 episode. Nelson cast the swing vote when Upolu was at tribal council after
losing the team immunity challenge. Their seven-member tribe was split on
whether to send Whingle or Edna Ma, 35, an anesthesiologist from Los Angeles, to
Redemption Island. It's generally been around this halfway point of the 39 days
on the island when the two tribes merge. Lusth's rationale was that when the
tribes merge and the player on Redemption Island rejoins the game, the Savaii
Tribe will have regained a member and their team members will have a better
chance at winning. "You just made one of the biggest moves in 'Survivor' history
based on one big assumption: that the merge is next," said host Jeff Probst
after the Tribal Council. Some of the Savaii Tribe members had been eyeing
Harvard Law School student John Cochran, 24, as the one to be voted off after
his rope mishandling during the team challenge contributed to the team's loss
during the immunity challenge. The challenge included the six members of each
tribe dividing up into pairs and two of the pairs going over and under obstacles
to get bags of masks and then pairing up the masks, all while blindfolded. The
third team isn't blindfolded and can help verbally guide the other two teams.
Cochran was one of the guides and his mishandling of tangled ropes each of the
blindfolded teams were connected to was blamed for the team's loss. However, the
idea of Cochran going to Redemption Island was the same ? for him to come back
to the game after hopefully beating Markoski. "The notion of Redemption Island
takes on a literal (meaning) ? it's to redeem yourself," Meehan said. Nelson's
tribe, Upolu, was the winning tribe, and received immunity, got to watch a
special screening of "Jack and Jill" starring Adam Sandler and had hot dogs and
movie candy. Being Mormon has only come up a couple of times in the show ? most
recently when Meehan said she wasn't comfortable swimming in her underwear and
was grateful to get the red and brown swimsuit she has been seen wearing during
the last few episodes. "Survivor: South Pacific" airs Wednesdays at 7 p.m. on
CBS. Related story: Two LDS contenders on 'Survivor: South Pacific' Email:
rappleye@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                     April 30, 2002 Tuesday Ontario Edition

Biovail shares plunge by 20%

BYLINE: Ian Karleff, Reuters NEWS AGENCY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 309 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Analyst questions earnings quality, patent handling

Shares of Biovail Corp. dropped more than 20 per cent yesterday as some analysts
questioned the quality of the company's earnings and criticized the Canadian
drug developer for a delay in new drug filings and for mishandling a recent
patent filing.

In New York, the stock finished down $9.65 (U.S.) at $40.15, on top of an 8 per
cent decline last week, after Bank of America Securities analyst Jerry Treppel
downgraded the stock to a "sell." In Toronto, the shares fell $14.91 (Canadian)
to $57.60. The stock is now off 26.7 per cent from its closing price of $78.60
on Wednesday, the day before the company released an earnings report.

Treppel said his new rating, down from "market performer," reflected the stock's
20 per cent overvaluation relative to peers, "earnings quality" and Biovail
management's mishandling of a patent case, resulting in a ruling that struck
down the company's secondary patent for hypertension drug Tiazac. The U.S.
Federal Trade Commission ruled last week that Biovail misled the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration in filing for an additional patent for Tiazac.

Treppel joined a growing list of analysts in doubting the quality of Biovail's
earnings.

"We believe tracking revenue and earnings progression has become particularly
challenging," he said.

Last Thursday, Biovail reported a 30 per cent increase in first-quarter sales to
$155.3 million (U.S.) from $119.2 million a year earlier.

(The company reports in U.S. dollars.)

Earnings rose 60 per cent to 32 cents a share from 20 cents and were ahead of
analyst estimates of 30 cents a share.

Andre Uddin at Research Capital said the company dipped into deferred revenue
for $5.1 million and reported research and development expenses lower than his
estimates, which would have meant 28 cents profit per share.


LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 1, 1991 Tuesday

LETTERS ON THE CBC   Cuts and layoffs affect an institution that   is
fundamental to the identity of Candad   The Tories' next step in mishandling the
CBC is privatizing   the news

BYLINE: Willard K. Pottinger; GAM

LENGTH: 161 words

DATELINE: Hamilton, Ont.


WHEN future CBC newscasts will be brought to you "courtesy" of some
(probably U.S.) sponsor, then we'll finally believe what we already know,
that Canada is another star on the U.S. flag.

Years ago, when the U.S. ship Polar Star was trespassing through our
Northwest Passage, I could find no American who heard of the event. "What
do you think of our 'bombing' your ship with Canadian flags?" I asked
from New Hampshire to Illinois. It would have been financially
unprofitable for a sponsor to report that invasion. "I'm from Washington
and would have heard the news!" replied one who forgot that listeners
shoot messengers of unpopular news.

The Tories' next step in mishandling the CBC is privatizing the news.
Can they be stopped? Some may argue that government-sponsored news can be
manipulated as much as commercially-sponsored. That may be so, but at
least governments are responsible to the people - that is, in Canada,
until recently.
  Willard K. Pottinger
  Hamilton, Ont.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 4, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

Howard Police, Epileptic at Odds;
Accusations Raise Issue of Training to Handle Seizures

BYLINE: Veronica T. Jennings, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 967 words


Mark C. Morris said he remembers little of what happened during a fight with a
teen-ager at a Columbia shopping center last year.

A 17-year-old youth had been taunting him about having epilepsy, Morris said. "I
started turning to walk away and that was it," said the 22-year-old community
college student. "When I woke up, I was in a cell."

Morris' arrest has focused the spotlight on the Howard County police department,
a 256-member force in a rapidly growing rural jurisdiction, and on the problems
that sometimes arise when epileptics come in contact with the police.

Members of Morris' family have accused the county police of brutality,
harassment and mishandling what they describe as an epileptic seizure. Police
said they have done nothing wrong and that Morris may have faked a seizure to
avoid arrest.

The incident has drawn the attention of epilepsy groups, which recently
initiated special training programs nationally and locally for law enforcement
officers and emergency medical workers.

Complaints about mishandling of epileptic seizures by law enforcement officers
are increasing, said Barbara Elkins, an attorney with the Epilepsy Foundation of
America.

People having seizures sometimes are wrongly arrested on charges of being drunk
or resisting arrest, Elkins said.

"Yet it's very difficult for a person with epilepsy to perform violent acts in
seizures," said Elkins, who declined to comment on the Morris case. "Their
actions may be confused or misinterpreted by police or others, but a person
having a seizure has no control over his actions."

In the Howard County case, police charged Morris with disorderly conduct and
assault on a police officer in connection with the June 4, 1987, incident. One
of the three police reports on the arrest concluded that Morris "may have had
three minor seizures (lasting less than 30 seconds) and one large seizure."

Sgt. Angus Park, a police spokesman, said Morris' claims of excessive force and
improper handling by the police are untrue. Park said there was no medical
evidence of an epileptic seizure when Morris was treated at a county hospital
after his arrest. Police are given basic training on epilepsy at the training
academy, Park said.

Since the incident, Howard police have filed four other cases against Morris
stemming from separate incidents, and in one of these, Morris alleged that he
was beaten by police, according to Morris' attorney, Ray Atkins Jr. A trial is
scheduled for Oct. 21 on all of the charges, he said.

Epileptic seizures are caused by a sudden overload of the brain's electrical
system. The seizures may produce such behavior as walking aimlessly and picking
at one's clothing, or they can cause convulsions, which can last for several
minutes and result in unconsciousness and muscle spasms.

"The vast majority of the two million people with epilepsy in this country are
normal, everyday people," Elkins said. "But there is a problem for some people
with the disorder."

Sometimes epilepsy can be mistaken for other medical ailments, a problem that
can lead to improper handling of a seizure, or even death, epilepsy experts
said.

For example, a 26-year-old Colmar Manor man, whose family described him as
mentally retarded with epilepsy, was shot and killed about two years ago at a
restaurant after a confrontation with a Cottage City police officer. Witnesses
said he was crawling, making strange noises and groaning. Curtis M. Britt Jr.
was shot in the head by an officer after he hit and kicked police in the
restaurant.

"The cardinal rule for seizures is you don't restrain the person in any way,"
said Alexandra K. Finucane, legal director for the Epilepsy Foundation of
America. "An individual having a seizure is on automatic pilot and may react
reflexively to the restraint."

According to one of Morris' physicians, Annapurni V. Jayam-Trouth, Morris'
seizures usually start with irrational behavior and speech. During one kind of
seizure, which can last from five to 20 minutes, Morris appears dazed and walks
in circles, chewing, mumbling, spitting and jerking violently if restrained,
Jayam-Trouth said in a written statement.

In the other kind of seizure, which can last about 15 minutes, Morris' body
becomes limp and he becomes unconscious, Jayam-Trouth said. Morris remains
disoriented and agitated for about 30 minutes after either type of seizure,
Jayam-Trouth said.

Morris contended that Howard County police improperly restrained him while he
was having a seizure during his arrest on charges of fighting at the Oakland
Mills Village Center.

Witnesses said Morris began struggling with as many as three police officers
after they tried to arrest him. According to police reports, Morris kicked and
butted several officers with his head, smashed the interior of a police car,
causing about $ 300 in damage, and broke flexible handcuffs placed on his hands
and legs.

Witnesses and police reports said bystanders, Morris' mother and younger
brother, as well as Morris' therapist, repeatedly told police that the young man
was having a seizure. Two paramedic units dispatched to the center did not
administer first aid to Morris, county fire department records showed.

Ken Weinberg, director of the village's Youth Resource Center, said he witnessed
Morris' arrest. "He got that glazed-over look in his eye," Weinberg said. "He
seemed to lose control of some of his muscle coordination."

In one police report, Officer S.R. Goldman said she believed that Morris faked
the epilepsy seizures during the June 4 arrest because he appeared to have a
complete recall of the events. But later in the report, Goldman said Morris may
have had several seizures because he was "in a more subdued, sleepy state" and
his "voice was somewhat slurred and his eyes glassy."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           September 1, 2000, Friday

THE CASE AGAINST DEUTCH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 026

LENGTH: 438 words


A former prosecutor brought out of retirement to evaluate the evidence against
John Deutch says the one-time CIA director should face criminal charges for
storing thousands of top-secret documents on dangerously unsecure home
computers.

Will Deutch become the first cabinet-level official ever to be charged with
mishandling classified documents? Well, Attorney General Janet Reno will make
the decision - so don't hold your breath.

Reno, after all, has already given Deutch a clean bill of health. That, of
course, was before the CIA's own inspector general issued a blistering report
last winter disclosing that Deutch kept 1,700 pages of highly classified
material on home computers that were attached to unsecure modems and had been
used to access Internet porn sites.

Now the former prosecutor, Paul Coffey, has reportedly informed our "see no
evil" attorney general that he believes Deutch's handling of super-secret
material - including material on covert and counter-terrorist operations - was
so negligent that he should face trial.

If prosecuted under the espionage act for willfully mishandling classified
defense information, he could face up to 10 years in prison. Or he could face
lesser charges of taking classified information home without authorization -
punishable by up to one year behind bars.

Reno needs to explain why Deutch to date has been let off the hook with little
more than loss of his security clearance. In contrast, Los Alamos scientist Wen
Ho Lee, suspected of leaking nuclear secrets to China, has been in solitary
confinement for nine months. (He was recently granted $1 million bail and could
go free today.)

Yet the only charges on which he has currently been indicted are much like the
accusations against Deutch: downloading secret material to unsecured computers
and portable tapes.

Deutch and his supporters contend the two situations are dissimilar; unlike with
Lee, he says, there was no intent to harm the United States or violate security
rules. But that's no excuse: Deutch knew the potential dangers of storing
super-sensitive material on a home PC.

And it doesn't explain why the CIA stonewalled probes of Deutch; the former
director's successor, George Tenet, backed Deutch's refusal to speak with
investigators and conducted what's been termed an investigation "in name only."

What will Reno do? Given her past record toward malfeasance in the Clinton-Gore
administration, not much. Which will leave the American people sharing the
sentiments of Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Shelby (R-Ala.):
"Something still doesn't smell right."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                              March 9, 2008 Sunday

Nurses and their lawyer face fearsome attorney general, a criminal case

BYLINE: Nora O. Gamolo, Senior Desk Editor

LENGTH: 887 words


THE Sentosa 27++ have lost the 28 discrimination cases they filed before the
Office of Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment Practices
"because there was insufficient evidence of reasonable cause to believe the
injured parties (the Sentosa nurses) were discriminated against."

The Sentosa 27 nurses plus one more nurse also brought four civil cases for
breach of contract and tortuous interference against Sentosa Care, LLC, the
Sentosa facilities and the Prompt Nursing Employment Agency. Their motion for
preliminary injunction was denied on June 15, 2006, as, the court said,
"plaintiffs have failed to demonstrate either a likelihood or success on the
merits or a balancing of equities in their favor on either their breach of
contract of tortuous interference claim against the defendants."

Half a year later, on January 5, 2007, the same judge denied the Sentosa
plaintiffs' application for preliminary injunction on reargue, saying, "The
record is replete with disputed issues, and no showing by plaintiffs of a clear
likelihood of success on the merits vis-r-vis their claim against the
defendants."

On March 22, 2007, 11 defendants, inclusive of 10 nurses at the Avalon Gardens
and the Sentosa 27++'s lawyer  Felix Vinluan were indicted for endangerment
(endangering the safety of their patients by walking out) and conspiracy (to
paralyze the facilities) by the Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota.

His decision to indict the 10 Sentosa nurses at Avalon Gardens and their lawyer
made Spota a more notorious figure among Filipinos than he already was.  For,
earlier, he had been reported in the New York press and in blog sites as having
been the recipient of campaign-fund donations from Sentosa Care owners when he
ran for county district attorney, an elective position in the United States.

The Sentosa nurses have also requested New York Gov. Elliot Spitzer to take out
Spota from the cases filed against them, and instead appoint a special
prosecutor.  Spota of course opposes his removal.

Spota became quite controversial for allegedly mishandling the case of immigrant
Marty Tankleff who was found guilty, in 1990, of killing his parents and
sentenced to imprisonment of 50 years to life. In 2000, Tankleff's lawyer tried
to present new evidence in court but Spota fought it and won.  Tankleff filed an
appeal and the appellate court ordered a re-trial based on the new evidence,
with Gov. Eliot Spitzer appointing State Attorney-General Andrew M. Cuomo as
Special Prosecutor to the case replacing Spota.

Tankleff was subsequently found not guilty and released in December 2007, after
spending 17 years in jail.

Spota is currently under investigation by the New York State Commission of
Investigation for his mishandling of the Tankleff case. Critics have also
accused him of improper practices and "a pervasive lack of documentation, and
improper documentation in Suffolk Police and District Attorney investigations."

A grand jury charged the Sentosa 27's Avalon 10 with endangering the welfare of
children, saying that their mass resignation caused a staffing crisis at Avalon
Gardens Rehabilitation and Health Care Center in Smithtown and put at risk the
lives of chronically ill children.

The ten nurses of the so-called Avalon 11 are Juliet A. Anilao, Rainer C.
Sichon, Marriet S. Avila, Claudine B. Gamiao, Ondon Parungao, Elmer Jacinto,
Jennifer Lampa, Rizza P. Maulion, Marie de la Cruz, and James B. Millena.  The
11th person charged is, as mentioned, lawyer Vinluan.

The nurses have written documentation proving they did not walk out on their
patients at mid-shift, but completed their shifts before submitting their
resignation letters to the Sentosa-owned Avalon Gardens in Long Island.

The Avalon nurses' indictment is the first such in New York. It has upset the
multiracial community of nurses and medical personnel in the state who, as
professionals with valid complaints against employers, have even gone on strike
in the past without being harassed and accused of being criminals.

The New York State Nurses Association voted to support the struggle not just of
the Avalon 11 but the entire Sentosa 27++.

The defendants filed their omnibus motions, including their motions to dismiss,
but on September 28, 2007, Judge Robert W. Doyle denied the motions to dismiss,
and now the nurses have to defend themselves in criminal litigation proceedings.

For these highly trained professionals, their criminal case is a nightmare.  If
convicted, they stand to do time for at least a year and deportation back to
their scandal-wracked mother country, devastating all their dreams of a new life
in the US.

They have lost the cases they filed against the Sentosa Recruitment Agency.
They filed the cases in staggered batches at the Philippine Overseas Employment
Administration.

The first case, filed on May 4, 2006 by medical doctor and board exam topnotcher
who turned nurse Elmer Jacinto, was dismissed on September 27 last year for
"lack of merit." He is appealing the dismissal.

The second case involving five other nurses and filed on November 26, 2006, is
still not adjudicated.  A third case involving three nurses was filed November
15, 2007. The last two cases also included a motion for the court to order the
preventive suspension of Sentosa Recruitment Agency.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime/Courts

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2008 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     January 19, 2004 Monday, NORTH EDITION

District gets clean audit

BYLINE: Karen Nugent; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: BOLTON


- The Nashoba Regional School District, recently plagued by financial problems
and money mishandling, has received a clean audit.

The financial audit, done by Woburn-based Powers and Sullivan, certified public
accountants, found no problems for fiscal year 2003, which ended June 30. Powers
and Sullivan is an independent auditor hired by the school committee.

The auditor also reported that all of the previous year's 10 problems have been
resolved, according to Superintendent Michael L. Wood. The 2003 audit had one
recommendation -- that school officials do monthly reviews of employee health
insurance withholdings to make sure they are reconciled each month.

The school district draws about 3,000 pupils in kindergarten through Grade 12
from Bolton, Lancaster and Stow.

In June 2002, the former superintendent and the former treasurer, while closing
the books for that fiscal year, discovered a $3.4 million deficit. The shortfall
was subsequently attributed to mishandling of accounts by the former business
manager, Andrew J. Paquette.

No money had been stolen or was missing. However, to receive $3.8 million in
state-backed deficit bonds to cover the shortfall, the school district was
required to have its finances overseen by a state-appointed finance advisory
board for several years.

The bond will be paid back over 10 years by the three towns.

The district's new Audit Advisory Committee, made up of three citizens and one
school committee member, Carole Makary of Stow, was formed as a result of the
shortfall. The audit committee reviewed the latest audit for a month, and the
school committee accepted it at the Jan. 8 meeting.

The district's new Office of Finance and Business, under the direction of
Assistant Superintendent John J. Antonucci, spent six months resolving the 10
audit findings from the previous year, said Mr. Wood, who was hired in June.

''The work done by Assistant Superintendent John J. Antonucci and his team
demonstrate that the internal controls are in the right positions now to have
the right type of oversight,'' Mr. Wood said in a news release.

''Additionally,'' he said, ''the school committee is committed to its oversight
responsibilities, and we are pleased to provide them with the right
documentation that proves we are fiscally sound.''

Mr. Wood said that, in contrast to the end of fiscal 2002, the last fiscal year
ended with a surplus. Some of it was returned to the towns to reduce
assessments, and the rest was put into a reserve fund, a requirement of the
state-appointed Finance Advisory Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

SHAPING THE MESSAGE

BYLINE: MICHAEL AUSLEN

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1056 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Gov. Rick Scott's office penned statements for health officials
during a Planned Parenthood investigation.


When state health officials released the results of an investigation into
Planned Parenthood clinics last month, Gov. Rick Scott's office was whispering
in their ears.

Aides to the governor were intimately involved in crafting the message when the
agency announced allegations that three Florida Planned Parenthood clinics had
violated their licenses. Nearly every on-the-record statement given by the
Agency for Health Care Administration to reporters and the public was first
approved by a member of Scott's communications team, emails obtained by the
Times/Herald show.

Scott's staff rewrote press releases about the investigation and penned some
statements that were attributed to AHCA executives. His office even directed the
health care agency to cut a sentence in a draft press release that acknowledged
the main reason the investigation fell short: Inspectors found no evidence that
Florida Planned Parenthood clinics broke the law by operating a fetal tissue
donation program.

After results of the investigation were made public, the emails show, Scott's
staff continued its involvement by orchestrating attempts by AHCA staffers to
persuade reporters to change parts of their stories.

Politico first reported the involvement of the governor's office in a story last
week. Scott's office wasn't involved in investigating Planned Parenthood beyond
the public statements, AHCA spokeswoman Shelisha Coleman said.

However, Scott has been closely tied to the investigation from the start. He
publicly ordered the investigations in late July after videos went viral online
that appeared to show Planned Parenthood employees in other states discussing
fetal organ donation.

Barbara Zdravecky, CEO of Planned Parenthood of Southwest and Central Florida,
said she's concerned about Scott's behind-the-scenes involvement.

"Florida deserves to have elected officials who care about their citizens and
who don't use politics to get in the way of the best possible scenarios for the
citizens," Zdravecky said of access to women's health care.

The intervention of Scott's office was perhaps most direct - and controversial -
in describing the results of the investigation to the public.

After inspections turned up no evidence of a fetal organ donation program
involving Florida clinics, AHCA drafted a statement that said, "there is no
evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains." But that sentence was removed
after it was sent to Jackie Schutz, Scott's communications director, for
approval.

The omission was met with displeasure and confusion from high-level staff inside
AHCA. Emails from Deputy Secretary Molly McKinstry and communications director
Katherine Riviere show they didn't agree with the decision.

"I would have thought a line on no evidence of mishandling of fetal remains
would be included as that's what questions will be on," Riviere wrote.

An email from AHCA Secretary Liz Dudek says that she thought the scrubbed
statement from Scott's office "is what they will okay."

Throughout the investigation - from Scott's announcement of it July 29 through a
lawsuit filed by Planned Parenthood on Aug. 17 - public statements made by AHCA
were subject to approval from Schutz. Emails show statements were "run by
downtown" or "discussed with EOG," the Executive Office of the Governor.

Neither the governor's office nor AHCA would discuss their email exchanges in
detail.

"Our office often works with our agencies on materials," Schutz said in a
statement Wednesday. She wouldn't elaborate or discuss whether this level of
involvement in agency operations is common.

For its part, AHCA responded to Times/Herald questions Wednesday with a
similarly-phrased statement: "We often work with the Governor's Office on
materials."

AHCA said its inspections found that clinics in St. Petersburg, Naples and Fort
Myers were performing abortions in the second trimester but were only licensed
for first-trimester procedures. Planned Parenthood denies the allegations,
saying that those clinics have only conducted abortions through the first
trimester, or the 14th week after a woman's last menstrual period - the commonly
accepted way to measure the length of a pregnancy. Furthermore, they say they
haven't changed how they reported those procedures to the state.

On Aug. 17, an "agency statement" from AHCA attributed to Riviere challenged
Planned Parenthood further, saying the organization "self-reported that they
were performing unauthorized abortions." Emails show that this statement was
actually written by John Tupps, the governor's deputy communications director.

After the Times/Herald decided not to publish that portion of the statement and
instead to write that the state and Planned Parenthood disagreed over the claim,
the governor's staff instructed AHCA that the "whole statement" about
self-reporting unauthorized abortions should be included. Three minutes later,
Riviere sent an email to reporters to ask that the story be changed.

Scott, like some other Republican governors, has repeatedly questioned Planned
Parenthood's operation since the controversial videos went viral in July.

"I can only speculate on what the motivation might be," Zdravecky said. "There
does seem to be some pattern here across the country, particularly with
Republican governors rising to the challenge to target Planned Parenthood."

Asked last month why his administration is keen on investigating Planned
Parenthood for practices the organization says it has not changed in at least
nine years, the pro-life governor pointed immediately to those videos.

"As anybody that saw those videos regarding Planned Parenthood, it was very
disturbing and troubling," he said. "So, we did the right thing, we said we're
going to make sure that the Planned Parenthood facilities in Florida are
compliant with the law, so AHCA went in to do that."

Times/Herald staff writers Daniel Chang and Michael Majchrowicz contributed to
this report. Contact Michael Auslen at mauslen@tampabay.com Follow
@MichaelAuslen.

* * *

Change by governor's office

A proposed press release from state health care officials about the
investigation of Planned Parenthood clinics in Florida was altered after
intervention by Gov. Rick Scott's office. A sentence noting "there is no
evidence of the mishandling of fetal remains at any of the 16 clinics we
investigated across the state" was removed.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO ILLUSTRATION (2): Original proposed release from AHCA to the
governor's office; Despite objections raised in emails from AHCA staff, the
final version that was released to the media

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday

Ruben Rosario: To regain trust, Twin Cities archdiocese will have to come clean

BYLINE: By Ruben Rosario

SECTION: RAMSEY COUNTY; Crime and Court Stories; Ruben Rosario

LENGTH: 1335 words


"Hide the truth and you hide Christ" -- A popular Greek saying.

It was 2002. A publicly embarrassing clergy child sex-abuse scandal was
unfolding in a large city on the East Coast. Take a wild guess which one.

It wasn't long before Jonathan Bernstein's phone rang. Bernstein is a successful
Los Angeles County-based crisis-management expert. The folks at the other end of
the conference call included the archbishop, his spokesperson and a church
lawyer.

They expressed interest in hiring his firm but first wanted his general advice
on how best to snuff out the inferno of bad publicity.

Bernstein obliged.

"I told them that they needed to do three basic things -- total candor, total
transparency and total humility," Bernstein told me last week. "They said,
'Thank you very much,' hung up, and I never heard from them again."

His advice went unheeded. The scandal got worse in ensuing months. The classic
definition of insanity is repeating the same thing over and over and expecting a
different result, as Bernstein reminded me during our chat.

Same could be said for the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis, once again
knee-deep in scandal. We've seen this debacle played out numerous times here and
elsewhere. Alleged mishandling or cover-up of years-old and ongoing clergy
sexual misconduct and abuse cases has prompted a police probe and the creation
of an "independent" review panel. It has led to the resignations of Archbishop
John Nienstedt's second in command, as well as a former archbishop and a vicar
general from the University of St. Thomas Board of Trustees following
allegations that a clergyman professor had inappropriate contact with an
underage girl years ago.

Meanwhile, there are increasing calls for Nienstedt to perhaps step down in
favor of new leadership. A beloved religious institution whose main mission is
saving souls may need a little saving of its own.

FREE ADVICE

So what to do?

Well, if doing the right thing hasn't been too obvious by now, do what large and
smart corporations do: swallow hard and hire a crisis-management team like
Bernstein's. Reports are that the archdiocese is shopping for such a firm to
repair its bruised reputation. One name tossed about is Rasky Baerlein, which
won a public relations industry award for organizing a meeting between Boston
church officials and sex-abuse victims a few years ago.

I don't know what else they did, but I bet they pocketed a lot of collection
plate donations for the job. The Twin Cities archdiocese has also reportedly
looked into bankruptcy as an option to protect itself from loss of revenue and
lawsuits that may come.

Well, given that many parishioners I know are concerned that their donations are
going to pay lawyers instead of caring for the poor and vulnerable, I persuaded
Bernstein to give local church leaders some advice off the cuff. That means
free.

He obliged once again. Archdioceses, he told me, keep making the same errors in
part because of arrogance and self-denial.

"Those are critical barriers that also play out in large corporations,"
Bernstein said. "In this instance, the attitude is that only the church can
decide what is wrong, and if the church can hide it, they will hide it.
Withholding information from the police, much less the public, is not good and
it's clear, based on what I've read, that they did that."

'YOU NEED A HUMAN FACE'

The local dustup came after a Minnesota Public Radio investigation, assisted
largely by a former archdiocese canonical affairs lawyer turned whistle-blower,
disclosed that Nienstedt and other top church officials failed to warn
parishioners of one priest's sexual addiction. The priest, the Rev. Curtis
Wehmeyer, former pastor of Blessed Sacrament Church on St. Paul's East Side, was
convicted and sentenced to five years in prison for sexually abusing two
children and possessing child pornography.

In other publicized cases, the archdiocese kept secret what Nienstedt described
in an unsent letter as "borderline illegal" pornography found on the computer of
another priest allowed to continue with public ministry. It also provided bonus
payments to another priest who retired after a civil jury found he had molested
a boy.

The letter never sent to the Vatican from Nienstedt focused squarely on concerns
that the mishandlings could expose the archbishop to criminal prosecution. Given
the larger-scale pedophile and church cover-up scandals in San Diego and Los
Angeles, which led to unprecedented nine-figure settlements, Bernstein said the
local cases are small potatoes by comparison but no less alarming.

He guessed correctly that "I'm sure by 99 percent that top church officials are
not giving (media) interviews because their lawyers have told them not to."

Other than prepared mea-culpa boilerplate press-release statements or generic
replies via email to questions submitted in advance by local media, Nienstedt
has not made himself available to local TV or print media for a frank,
face-to-face chat.

Bernstein, who categorizes such arm's-length statements as more spin than
substantial action, believes that is a huge mistake.

"You need a human face out there representing the church," he said. "They don't
understand that the court of public opinion can destroy you quicker than the
court of law."

Still, Nienstedt appears to have taken a small step in owning the crisis last
week.

In a column published Thursday in the Catholic Spirit, the archdiocesan
newspaper, he said an outside legal firm will review clergy files and pledged a
commitment to "honesty and transparency" from now on.

"As the head of this local Church, I know that the ultimate responsibility here
is mine," he wrote. "My heart is heavy with the agony that these errors have
caused."

Nienstedt's call for an outside review mirrors what whistle-blower Jennifer
Haselberger implored him to do in her resignation letter more than seven months
ago. Haselberger asked Nienstedt to "take his responsibilities towards the
protection of the young and the vulnerable seriously."

She also recommended that he remove from ministry and make public a list of
clergy "who have been determined to have engaged in acts of sexual misconduct,
as well as those whom could reasonably be assumed to pose a threat to children
and young people."

"Until this occurs, I do not believe that it can be said that the Archdiocese is
honoring its promise to protect," Haselberger wrote.

Not surprisingly, Nienstedt's column was panned the same day it appeared by
David Clohessy, director of Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests.

"He does one thing today -- he promises hiring more lawyers," said Clohessy,
who, along with a brother, was molested by a priest when he was a teen. "None of
Nienstedt's words today protect one kid, expose one predator, discipline one
enabler, uncover one cover-up or deter one crime."

BUT WILL THEY DO IT?

Taking Nienstedt's comments at face value, Bernstein believes the column is by
far "the most effective piece of crisis communications issued by the archdiocese
since the current issues surfaced." But he cautions that similar remarks have
been made before without much change.

He cites the demise of Arthur Andersen, once one of the nation's major
accounting firms, as an example of what not to do.

Arthur Andersen folded after it was linked to a massive $100 billion fraud tied
to the Enron Corp. Bernstein served as a consultant early on and gave them the
same advice he gave church officials 11 years ago.

"They had the same mentality," he said. "We can't do anything wrong, and if we
do, we'll just cover it up."

He believes the status quo will drive away parishioners and erode trust in the
church hierarchy.

"They have to change their behavior," he said. "Unless the pope, and forgive my
language, essentially says de facto, 'Cut this (expletive) out,' they are not
going to do it and will continue making the same mistakes."

Great advice. And it's free, to boot.

Ruben Rosario can be reached at 651-228-5454 orrrosario@pioneerpress.com .
Follow him attwitter.com/nycrican .

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A view of the Cathedral of St. Paul is seen from the rear is it lit
from the frontside on Wednesday, May 30, 2007 in St. Paul, Minn. "I was leaving
and made a wrong turn and I was like 'Holy cow, look at that (Cathedral)," said
Richard Peterson of Woodbury an, amateur and a sometimes freelance photographer.
MANDATORY CREDIT: (Photo courtesy Richard Peterson)
Pioneer Press columnist Ruben Rosario. (Pioneer Press: Ben Garvin)
The sun was spotted shining through the clouds near the dome of the Cathedral of
Saint Paul in St. Paul, Minn. Friday, January 6, 2006 after a couple of weeks
without being seen.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                              July 9, 2000, Sunday

ESPIONAGE AND THE RACE CARD

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 050

LENGTH: 332 words


It comes as no surprise, but former Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee has turned
over the race card in defending himself from spying charges.

Lee's attorneys claim in a selective-prosecution motion that he is the only
person ever charged under the Atomic Energy Act for mishandling classified
information.

They quote Robert Vrooman, the former chief of counterintelligence at Los
Alamos, who asserted that "racial profiling" was part of the FBI's
identification of Lee as a suspect.

Of course, Vrooman made his charges last year after Energy Secretary Bill
Richardson recommended he be disciplined for "irresponsible" actions. In other
words, he has an ax to grind.

Nevertheless, Lee's lawyers hope to obtain documents from cases where other
individuals - such as former CIA director John Deutch - were not prosecuted for
mishandling documents.

Note the focus of this strategy: It isn't necessarily that Lee is not guilty of
the charges brought against him, just that he is being targeted "unfairly."

In truth, the sloppiness bordering on criminal negligence evident at the Los
Alamos laboratory will make the government's case against Lee difficult.

But that is no reason why Lee should not be prosecuted. It just raises the
question of why the safeguards at the lab - and in other sectors of the Clinton
administration's national security apparatus - were not much stronger.

It is increasingly clear that more oversight was needed. Should a higher
standard have been utilized with someone such as Deutch?

Undoubtedly.

Does any of this mean that Wen Ho Lee should avoid his own culpability because
he is Chinese?

Absolutely not.

While the Lee case is part of a larger pattern of national security abuses in
this administration, his ethnicity shouldn't deflect a legitimate investigation
and prosecution. If it turns out that there are even more people at Los Alamos
involved in the improper or illegal transfer of classified material, fine.

Indict them, too.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 18, 2004, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Dismissal denied in espionage case

BYLINE: Laura Parker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif.

TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. ---- New questions emerged this week about the
military's investigation of a so-called spy ring at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as the
Air Force moved ahead to a court-martial of an airman accused of attempted
espionage.

The issues -- from allegations of prosecutorial misconduct to accusations of
mishandling evidence -- were raised in a hearing here in the case of Senior
Airman Ahmad Al Halabi, a Syrian-born translator who worked in the U.S. prison
camp at Guantanamo that houses as many as 600 suspected al-Qaeda and Taliban
operatives.

The concerns didn't stop the judge in the case from denying a defense motion to
drop the 17 criminal charges against Al Halabi, and he is scheduled for
court-martial in September. But they do raise questions about the case against
Halabi and about suspected espionage at the prison camp.


The government already has dropped charges against Army Capt. James Yee, a
former Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo who was a target of the espionage
investigation. Prosecutors never produced any evidence that Yee was a spy, and
retired military legal officers accused the Army of overreaching in his case.
Prosecutors said they couldn't press charges against Yee without divulging
national secrets.

A civilian translator who worked at Guantanamo also has been charged with
possessing secret material.

Translated letters

Al Halabi, 25, who is a naturalized U.S. citizen, is charged in connection with
his work as a translator. For his eight months at Guantanamo, he translated
letters mostly to and from prisoners' relatives. He translated some of the
letters on his personal laptop computer, which he was asked to use when he
arrived at Guantanamo.

When he left the base in July, he had translations of 186 letters on the laptop,
and was carrying two documents stamped "Secret." Investigators later found
documents stamped "Secret," a drawing of the prison camp and other materials in
a box Al Halabi had mailed to himself.

He is accused of trying to deliver secret messages from prisoners to unknown
foreigners in Syria, lying to investigators and disobeying orders. He was
arrested in July in Florida as he began a trip to Syria for his wedding. If
convicted, he could face life in prison.

Defense lawyers accused military prosecutors this week of withholding evidence
and investigators of mishandling evidence.

They learned from a prosecution witness, for instance, that investigators
mishandled the box that Al Halabi had mailed to himself.

After seizing the box, investigators opened it without wearing gloves and
without properly recording its contents. In an effort to cover up the mistake,
they repacked the box and reopened it with gloves on. The investigators also
broke out beer to celebrate as the lead investigator in the case, Lance Wega,
declared that they had found "the smoking gun" that made the case.

The defense also argued that the military has been inconsistent and unclear in
classifying material as secret. They contend, for example, that the prisoner
letters found on Al Halabi's computer should not have been classified secret
because they were sent by the Red Cross to prisoners' relatives. One of the
charges against Al Halabi is illegal possession of the letters.

Ethics inquiry possible

The complaints came to a head when the defense asked that charges be dismissed
because of alleged misconduct by Air Force prosecutors. The judge, Col. Barbara
Brand, denied the request. Brand said she found that "mistakes had been made"
but did not find "any indication of malice" by prosecutors. She prohibited
defense lawyers from making any reference to prosecutorial misconduct at the
court-martial.

However, Brand took the unusual step of ordering prosecutors to turn over court
documents to superior officers, who will "coordinate" with a special review
board that oversees the professional conduct of Air Force legal officers. The
judge's move could lead to an ethics review by the Air Force's Legal Services
Agency, although she did not direct the agency to initiate one. She also warned
prosecutors that she expected "full and complete disclosure."

The precise nature of the case against Al Halabi has been obscured because most
of the details about it are classified as secret and have not been disclosed.
Unlike the defense, the prosecutors are not allowed to speak about the case
outside the courtroom. Likewise, the government's motions, including those
rebutting the defense allegations, are not being made public, although they are
part of the court file.

Col. John Kellogg, deputy staff judge advocate for the Air Mobility Command at
Scott Air Force Base in Illinois, who attended the hearing this week, explained
that the military cannot discuss the case until it is over to ensure "that the
entire court-martial process be completely fair to the accused and follow the
military legal rules."

But in court, prosecutors have argued passionately that Al Halabi jeopardized
national security and that earlier mistakes in the investigation have been
corrected. For example, they pointed out that they dropped one charge alleging
that Al Halabi had intended to pass secrets to unknown people in Qatar after
prosecutors learned the word "Qatar" had been erroneously translated.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP; Court-martial set for September:
Senior Airman Ahmad Al Halabi, a military translator, is escorted to a hearing
Jan. 13 at Travis Air Force Base in California.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

Women accused of voting violation;
They're suspected of mishandling ballots

BYLINE: TERRY DICKSON

SECTION: Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 416 words


Two McIntosh County women are charged with illegally possessing absentee ballots
that were cast in the November general election.

Barbara Ann Williams, 61, of Eulonia is charged with four counts of unlawful
possession of absentee ballots and Carolyn Quarterman, 61, of a Townsend
address, is charged with three counts, all of which are felonies, Chief Deputy
Williams Jennings said Monday.

He said the two women surrendered Monday and were booked at the county jail
before Chief Magistrate Teresa Jennings ordered them released on their own
recognizance at the request of Sheriff Steve Jessup.

Under Georgia law, only election officials, postal workers and the voter
themselves can handle absentee ballots. The law allows exceptions for the
disabled who cannot post their own ballots, but the investigation showed that
the two women handled ballots that belonged to the able-bodied, Jennings said.

The charges arose from an investigation that began with an Oct. 6 complaint
about "possible tampering with or mishandling absentee ballots,'' he said.

The Sheriff's Office presented its findings Monday morning to Superior Court
Judge Paul Rose, who issued warrants for the arrests.

Bob Mucha, chairman of the Board of Elections, said he received information from
the post office about an individual bringing in stacks of absentee ballots to
mail and immediately referred the matter to the Sheriff's Office.

Absentee ballots are easily recognizable because they are in distinctive yellow
envelopes.

Mucha said there are still some who hand-carry absentee ballots to the Board of
Elections that belong to others who are not disabled.

Elections workers refuse to accept them and instruct the bearer to return them
to the absentee voter to be mailed, he said.

"Absentee ballot fraud has long been a scourge on our county,'' Jessup said.
"When we hear about it, we're going to investigate it and prosecute it.''

When he lost the sheriff's race to incumbent Charles "Chunk" Jones in 2004,
Jessup filed an election challenge in which he introduced evidence of widespread
irregularities ranging from candidates handling other voters' ballots to
absentee ballot applications that were not completed. An appointed judge set
aside the election and ordered a new one, but the Georgia Supreme Court reversed
the decision and Jones remained sheriff until Jessup beat him two years ago.

Jennings said the investigation continues into others who may have improperly
handled ballots.

terry.dickson@jacksonville.com, (912) 264-0405

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               December 21, 1999

BYLINE: Julian Borger in Washington

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 383 words


Julian Borger in Washington

An American nuclear weapons scientist charged with 'mishandling' atomic secrets
yesterday began suing the US justice department, the federal bureau of
investigation and the department of energy for press leaks portraying him and
his wife as Chinese spies.

Brian Sun, the lawyer for Wen Ho Lee and his wife, Sylvia, accused the
government of 'widespread abuse' of the 1974 privacy act, designed to safeguard
US citizens against the disclosure of the government's files on them.

'Our system of justice is based upon the notion that the government should be
playing according to the rules on a level playing field,' Mr Sun said. 'We don't
think that they did - and with the use of unlawful and unauthorised leaks,
distorted the case involving Mr Lee.' He added that his clients would claim
financial damages.

Dr Lee, who immigrated to the US from Taiwan in 1965, is being held without bail
in New Mexico on 59 charges of illegally removing highly classified data on
nuclear weapon design from the Los Alamos laboratories in New Mexico where he
worked.

He is accused of downloading the data on to a computer which did not have the
requisite security shields against hacking, and copying a huge archive from his
computer onto 10 cassette tapes, seven of which are missing.

His wife, Sylvia, has not been charged with any crime. She was born in mainland
China, moved to the US in 1969, and worked for 15 years as a secre tary and data
analyst at the Los Alamos laboratories. Both have worked as FBI informants
gathering information about Chinese nuclear scientists.

Mr Sun said the couple were being used as scapegoats for widespread lapses in
security at the department of energy, which runs the research centre. He said
the leaks, by portraying the Lees as Chinese spies, had created a media frenzy
which finally compelled the government to charge them with 'mishandling'
information - even though investigators lacked direct evidence that they had
passed information to China.

'The Lees feel that their reputations and good name have been destroyed as a
result of unlawful leaks and that the Washington culture of arrogance has
allowed these agencies and the individuals who made these unlawful leaks to get
away with it,' Mr Sun said.


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday

Burg Simpson Files Civil Lawsuit in Arizona Against Biological Resource Center,
Inc.

LENGTH: 771  words


(PRWeb) - Burg Simpson Eldredge Hersh & Jardine, P.C., and Kabateck Brown
Kellner, LLP announce the filing of a lawsuit in Arizona on behalf of eight
plaintiffs, against defendant, Biological Resource Center, Inc., and other
defendant companies and individuals. Based on court documents, Biological
Resource Center, Inc. and the other defendants allegedly represented that bodily
remains donated to them and their entities would be used for scientific and
medical education and research. However, based on both state and federal
investigations, the lawsuit alleges that donated bodily remains were actually
dismembered, sold for profit, mishandled, and improperly disposed of on the
black market.

This Civil lawsuit (CV2015-013391), filed in the Superior Court of Arizona,
Maricopa County on December 7, 2015, alleges that since 2007, the decedents and
their families were fraudulently induced by the defendants to donate bodily
remains based on representations that the remains would be used solely for
medical or scientific research. Defendants represented that the remains would be
treated with dignity and respect, and would not be dismembered or sold for
profit. The complaint alleges that although these defendants held themselves out
to be dedicated to the collection and study of human donor bodies solely for
medical and scientific purposes, they instead engaged in an illegal enterprise
of collecting, harvesting, and trafficking whole human bodies and body parts for
profit. The lawsuit further alleges that beginning in 2015, the donor families
discovered that:

Their deceased family members were dismembered and their body parts or whole
bodies were sold for profit;

The body parts of family members were shipped overseas for profit to unknown
entities;

The whole bodies and body parts of their family members were not used for
scientific, medical, or educational purposes;

The donor body parts were being stored for years by the defendants without being
donated to medicine or science;

The whole bodies and body parts of their family members were not stored, treated
or disposed of with dignity or respect; and

The defendants harvested bodies and body parts fraudulently and contrary to the
express will of the decedents and/or their families.

The lawsuit seeks monetary damages on behalf of the donors families and contains
eleven counts against the defendants for their reprehensible conduct, including:
intentional infliction of emotional distress; mishandling of bodies and bodily
remains; fraud; civil conspiracy; breach of contract; racketeering; and aiding
and abetting, among others. The lawsuit also includes a punitive damages claim.

This lawsuit comes on the heels of a criminal investigation initiated by
FBI(https://www.fbi.gov
/stats-services/victim_assistance/seeking-victim-information/body-donation-inves
tigation) and state authorities. The investigation was in connection with the
defendants illegal conduct, involving the transport of human body parts across
state and international borders for profit, the mishandling of bodily remains,
health violations, and misrepresentation to victims, including the families of
the plaintiffs. The criminal investigation has received widespread media
attention in Arizona and across the nation. Stephen Gore, a defendant in the
lawsuit and the owner of Biological Resource Center in Arizona, recently pleaded
guilty to a class three felony in connection with the defendants fraudulent and
illegal activity. (Case #CR2015-005246-001, Superior Court of Maricopa County,
AZ, 10/7/2015; Source: The Judicial Branch of Arizona,
http://www.superiorcourt.maricopa.gov
/docket/CriminalCourtCases/caseInfo.asp?caseNumber=CR2015-005246)

The lawyers at Burg Simpson and Kabateck Brown Kellner will work tirelessly to
hold the defendants accountable and to bring justice to the families who have
suffered, said Burg Simpson founding shareholder, Michael Burg.

With offices in Denver, Cincinnati, Phoenix, Cody, and Steamboat Springs, Burg
Simpson is a firm of award winning trial lawyers practicing in the areas of
personal injury, class action, mass torts, medical malpractice, dangerous drug
litigation, defective products, insurance bad faith, employment law, workers'
compensation, commercial litigation, and construction defect litigation.

Kabateck Brown Kellner is a personal injury firm in Los Angeles, California,
recognized by clients, the legal community, and the public as a leading
plaintiff's law firm dedicated to maximizing recovery.

# # #

Media Contact Corey Wheeland Marketing Director (303) 792-5595
cwheeland(at)burgsimpson(dot)com 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
California: 14-1344 - (PC) Bairfield v. Solano County Jail, et al

LENGTH: 740  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States District Court Eastern District of California has issued the
following order:



1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA
DANA DEMETRIUS BAIRFIELD,
Plaintiff,
v.
SOLANO COUNTY JAIL, et al.,
Defendants.
No. 2:14-cv-01344 JAM AC P
ORDER
Petitioner, a Solano County Jail inmate, filed what purports to be a petition
for writ of
habeas corpus pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 2254. ECF No. 1. The petition was filed in
the Northern
District of California on April 7, 2014. On May 30, 2014, the case was
transferred to this district
since the acts complained of occurred in Solano County. See ECF No. 6. In the
transfer order,
Judge Chhabria of the Northern District of California noted that while the case
was initiated using
the form for filing a habeas corpus application, petitioner was actually
asserting a claim pursuant
to 42 U.S.C. § 1983 based on the mishandling of his legal mail by the Solano
County Jail and
Officer Collins. Id. Once transferred to this court, the case was opened as a
habeas corpus
petition.


The undersigned has reviewed the pending application for habeas corpus relief
and
determined that petitioner is not challenging his conviction or sentence.
Rather, as noted by the
Northern District of California, he is challenging the conditions of his
confinement. Such a
Case 2:14-cv-01344-JAM-AC Document 13 Filed 06/23/14 Page 1 of 3

2
challenge is properly raised in a 42 U.S.C. § 1983 complaint. The court has
discretion to construe
petitioner's claims as a complaint under 42 U.S.C. § 1983. See Willwording v.
Swenson, 404
U.S. 249, 251 (1971) (district courts have discretion to construe a habeas
petition attacking
conditions of confinement as a complaint under section 1983 despite deliberate
choice by
petitioner to proceed on habeas), superseded by statute on other grounds as
recognized in
Woodford v. Ngo, 548 U.S. 81, 84 (2006). However, provisions of the Prison
Litigation Reform
Act of 1995 ("PLRA") may make it inappropriate to construe a habeas petition as
a civil rights
complaint. Due to the PLRA's filing fee requirements, its provisions requiring
sua sponte review
of complaints, and its limits on the number of actions a prisoner may be
permitted to file in forma
pauperis, a prisoner should not be obligated to proceed with a civil rights
action unless the
prisoner clearly wishes to do so. See 28 U.S.C. §§ 1915 & 1915A; 42 U.S.C. §
1997e; Bunn v.
Conley, 309 F.3d 1002, 1007 (7th Cir. 2002) (stating that courts should not
recharacterize nature
of prisoner's claim because PLRA and AEDPA created "pitfalls of different kinds
for prisoners
using the wrong vehicle").
Here, it is perfectly clear that petitioner's only legal avenue for challenging
the
mishandling of his legal mail while a detainee is through a civil rights action
pursuant to 42
U.S.C. § 1983. Thus, this court will redesignate the instant case as a civil
rights action pursuant
to 42 U.S.C. § 1983 and will dismiss the original complaint with leave to amend
on the form used
in this district for filing a § 1983 complaint. In addition, the court will not
assess the $350 filing
fee for a civil rights action at this time, thereby allowing plaintiff to choose
whether to proceed
with this civil rights action by filing an amended complaint despite the
substantial difference in
the filing fees between a habeas corpus action ($5.00 filing fee) and a civil
rights action ($350.00
filing fee).
Accordingly, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that:
1. The Clerk of Court shall redesignate this case as a civil rights action
pursuant to 42
U.S.C. § 1983;
2. Petitioner's original application filed on April 7, 2014 (ECF No. 1) is
dismissed with
leave to amend;
Case 2:14-cv-01344-JAM-AC Document 13 Filed 06/23/14 Page 2 of 3

3
3. Petitioner may file an amended civil rights complaint on the appropriate form
within
thirty days from the date of this order;
4. The Clerk of Court shall provide petitioner the form used in this district
for filing a
civil rights action pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1983;
5. Petitioner's pending motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis (ECF No.
2) and
motion for ADR referral (ECF No. 12) are deferred pending the filing of an
amended civil rights
complaint; and,
6. The failure to file an amended complaint within the time provided shall
result in a
recommendation that this case be dismissed without prejudice.
DATED: June 20, 2014
Case 2:14-cv-01344-JAM-AC Document 13 Filed 06/23/14 Page 3 of 3

For more information please visit: http://www.gpo.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 19, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Supreme Court punishes lawyers

BYLINE: STEPHEN NOHLGREN

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 309 words



Two lawyers who used to practice in Palm Harbor have been disciplined for
mishandling client funds or cases, the Florida Supreme Court announced
Thursday.

Michael Martin Hanson agreed to resign from practicing law for five years  in
the face of an allegation that he committed serious violations of his trust
account.

Trust accounts are strictly regulated bank accounts where lawyers are  supposed
to keep their clients' money. Under Florida Bar regulations, lawyers  are
forbidden from borrowing from those accounts, co-mingling their own money  in
the accounts or in any way taking money from the trust accounts for their
personal use.

Hanson said the allegation against him involved a bounced check written  from
his trust account. He declined to comment further. Under Bar rules, an
agreement to resign in the face of discipline is not considered an official
admission of guilt.

Michael Martin Hanson, of Palm Harbor, has no relationship to Tampa lawyer
Michael Alan Hanson.

KarinWhite-Morgen was reprimanded publicly by the Supreme Court and placed  on
probation for one year.

White-Morgen, who could not be reached for comment, did not contest  allegations
that she failed to keep proper track of the money in her trust  account. She
failed to deposit money promptly, and the account contained  several
record-keeping errors, a Bar referee said.

"It was ultimately determined that no client funds were missing or
misappropriated," the referee said.

White-Morgan also was disciplined for mishandling two cases and failing to  keep
those clients informed in 1991, when she "closed her law office because  of
severe financial and emotional hardship," the referee said.

Karin White-Morgen, formerly of Palm Harbor, has no relationship to St.
Petersburg lawyers Karen Kaufman White or Karen R. White.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CITY

 TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 26, 2009 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Too Shallow a Hole to Bury a Baby;
Complaints About Handling of Remains Prompt Lawsuits

BYLINE: Josh White; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1181 words


A hole began to appear in the fresh dirt over Jordan Hale's tiny grave at Mount
Comfort Cemetery weeks after her burial, prompting cemetery workers to cover the
site with a granite slab.

Mourning the loss of her stillborn daughter in July 2007 and wondering what was
happening, Nsombi Hale was informed that a grave marker she had chosen would not
fit and that her baby would have to be reburied. But Hale later learned from a
cemetery employee that that wasn't the real problem.

Instead, Jordan's small white coffin -- called a cherub -- had been placed in a
shallow grave and covered by just eight inches of soil. When Hale went to
witness the disinterment, workers pulled it out in a matter of five minutes, she
said.

"It never crossed my mind that something questionable was going on," Nsombi Hale
said, tears slowly rolling down her face. "But it was clear that the grave
wasn't deep enough. They mishandled the remains of my baby, and she deserved
more than that."

The Alexandria cemetery is one of 12 in Virginia owned by Service Corporation
International, a Houston-based funeral services conglomerate that is facing
allegations of mishandling as many as 200 bodies over the past year at a central
preparation facility in Falls Church. SCI owns more than 1,700 funeral homes and
cemeteries across the country, making it the largest company of its kind. State
regulators are investigating.

A customer, contractors and several current and former employees told The
Washington Post in an article this month that conditions at SCI's central
facility at National Funeral Home were disrespectful and unsanitary. They said
that bodies of retired military officers destined for Arlington National
Cemetery were stored on a rack in the garage for weeks or months and that bodies
that had not been embalmed were left in unrefrigerated areas of the facility,
where they decomposed and leaked fluids.

Family members of retired Army Col. Andrew Degraff have since filed lawsuits in
Fairfax County against SCI. Hale also filed a lawsuit against the company last
week in Fairfax, her attorney saying that she had been traumatized by watching
her daughter's grave opened.

"Throughout the disinterment and reinterment, the disturbing odor from the
cherub permeated the air at the site, sickening [Hale], who forced herself to
remain until her daughter had a proper burial," said the lawsuit, filed by
attorney Jack Burgess.

Virginia law and the Virginia Department of Professional and Occupational
Regulation do not specify how deep graves should be, but cemetery officials in
Northern Virginia said coffins are generally buried with at least 18 inches of
soil above them.

SCI Virginia Funeral Services, a division of SCI, said in a statement that it
discovered the problem with Jordan's grave and "proactively self-reported the
issue to the family and made every effort to resolve it."

"Although Virginia law does not require a minimum depth of interment, once we
determined that the interment did not have 18 inches of depth from the top of
the casket to the top of ground level, we alerted Ms. Hale to request her
permission to disinter and re-inter Jordan P. Hale," the company said in a
statement, also expressing sympathy for Hale's loss. "As part of our commitment
to transparency, if we make a mistake, we are committed to doing the right
thing."

Hale said she now suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and has nightmares
and trouble trusting people.

"I needed to be there for Jordan," Hale said, adding that the beautiful ceremony
weeks earlier, with balloons and goodbyes, was dignified and special, in
contrast to the shovels and backhoe that accompanied the reinterment. "I wanted
to stay to make sure it was done properly."

In a letter to Burgess on Feb. 14, SCI Market Director Christopher Downey
apologized to Hale but said, "Mt. Comfort performed its services as requested,"
and noted that the cemetery provided Hale with a refund check of $2,488.75. She
has not cashed it.

Downey, who has management and oversight responsibilities for SCI's 13 locations
in the Washington area, wrote that the initial burial was "too shallow" and that
a four-inch-thick granite slab was placed over the grave after "an animal had
been spotted by the gravesite." Downey also wrote that cemetery employees
strongly advised Hale not to view the disinterment but "despite our warning and
insistence, she demanded to be present."

He offered to donate $500 to charity in Jordan's name as recompense, according
to the letter.

Whistleblowers who have brought the allegations about mishandling of bodies at
SCI's central preparation facility have said that Downey is at the heart of
problems there. Steven Napper, a former Maryland state trooper who worked as an
SCI embalmer, said he went to Downey in January to raise concerns about the
inappropriate storage of bodies in the garage and unsanitary conditions.

Napper said Downey, whose office is at National Funeral Home, brushed him off
and appeared to ignore the complaints. Napper later reported his concerns to a
Virginia regulatory board and resigned in February. After the Post article
appeared, SCI launched an internal investigation.

"I went to Chris Downey personally in January to explain that there was not
enough storage capacity at central and to discuss my concerns about the handling
of the deceased," Napper said. "He knew all about it, but he did not respond."

Requests to speak with Downey were referred to an SCI spokeswoman.

"All of us want to know the facts behind what happened, and we're diligently
conducting an investigation," said Lisa Marshall, the spokeswoman. "If we find
wrongdoing, we will promptly take the necessary corrective action required."

Family members of two military officers whose bodies were stored on
unrefrigerated garage racks said Downey contacted them just before the first
Post story ran and said that the allegations were false and were coming from a
disgruntled former employee.

Richard Morgan Jr., whose father, Maj. Richard Morgan, was left in his light oak
coffin on the racks before his burial at Arlington in February, said Downey
backed down when Morgan said he had seen photographs of the conditions in the
garage.

"I got a little irate, and I said, 'I've seen the pictures, and you can't
dispute the pictures. These aren't just allegations,' " Morgan said. He added
that Downey offered him a refund and that he recently received a check for
$14,111, though he said he does not plan to cash it as he pursues legal options.

Hale, who has a 9-month-old daughter named Zoe, said she is suing SCI because
she wants things to change at Mount Comfort Cemetery. Burgess, her attorney,
said the company already appears to have acknowledged that the burial did not go
as it should have.

"It was done out of laziness, it appears, and out of a desire not to dig a deep
hole," he said. "I don't think it was done maliciously, but it was done fairly
recklessly. Nsombi wants to make sure it doesn't happen to someone else. With
big corporations, sometimes the only way to get their attention is to get into
their pocketbook."

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Michael Williamson -- The Washington Post; Jordan Hale's
remains originally were in a grave so shallow that, a funeral company official
wrote, "an animal had been spotted by the gravesite."
IMAGE; 2007 Photo Courtesy Of Nsombi Hale; A Mount Comfort Cemetery employee
reburies Jordan Hale's coffin about six weeks after the stillborn infant's
original burial under eight inches of dirt.
IMAGE; By Michael Williamson -- The Washington Post; "They mishandled the
remains of my baby, and she deserved more than that," Nsombi Hale says of
Service Corporation International workers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Air Force mortuary chief quits

BYLINE: HOWARD ALTMAN

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 758 words


His order to sever dead Thonotosassa Marine's arm caused an uproar

BY HOWARD ALTMAN

TAMPA The resignation of a Dover Port Mortuary supervisor who ordered their dead
son's arm sawed off so it could fit into his Marine uniform is bringing little
solace to a Thonotosassa couple.

The Air Force should have fired Quinton Keel immediately after learning Keel
ordered Sgt. Daniel Angus' arm sawed off over the objections of embalmers and
without the family's permission, said the Marine's mother, Kathy Angus.

"We hope the Air Force is going to fire everyone associated with doing this to
our son," she said via Mark O'Brien, the family attorney.

The Air Force acknowledged Keel's resignation as survivor assistance program
manager in a one-sentence statement Friday afternoon, but did not say when he
resigned or why.

Keel could not be reached for comment.

Sgt. Daniel Angus, 28, died in January 2010, after stepping on an improvised
explosive device in Helmand province in Afghanistan. The next month, as the body
was being prepared for a funeral, Keel ordered the removal of Angus' left arm
bone after employees had difficulty placing the arm in the uniform.

The employees complained about how Keel treated Angus' body, and Keel later
retaliated against those employees, according to the Office of Special Counsel,
an independent federal agency created to protect whistleblowers.

The Angus family did not find out what happened to their son until the findings
of an investigation by the Office of Special Counsel into problems at the
mortuary were presented to President Barack Obama and Congress in November.

Angus's parents, Kathy and William, are upset that "months passed and it took a
report to the president of the United States from the Office of Special Counsel
to spur this decision," O'Brien said. "The decision to fire Mr. Keel should have
been made the moment the Air Force became aware of what Mr. Keel did to their
son. So in a sense, yes, too little and far too late."

O'Brien said the family would like to see Keel criminally prosecuted, but "we
know that won't happen.'' He said no one from the Air Force has talked to the
Angus family about Keel's resignation.

"However, last Thursday I had dinner with President Obama in Miami and he told
me in private that Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta takes this matter very
seriously and so did he," O'Brien said.

Angus, a 2000 graduate of Armwood High School, joined the U.S. Marine Corps in
2003. He served in Iraq from July 2004 to February 2005 and again from December
2005 to March 2006.

He was promoted to sergeant on May 1, 2007. Along the way, he was awarded the
Combat Action Ribbon, two Good Conduct Medals, Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Iraq
Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and a number of
service decorations.

Angus' unit, based in Camp Lejeune, N.C., was part of the first wave of the
30,000 military personnel surge sent to Afghanistan in hopes of defeating
al-Qaida and the Taliban.

"He was an excellent Marine," said Kathy Angus a few days after her son was
killed. She was in Dover, Del., awaiting the return of her son's remains. "The
structure was good for him. He was an excellent leader."

Keel's actions were part of a series of problems involving the mishandling of
remains at the mortuary that touched off the Office of Special Counsel
investigation.

This week, a panel headed by retired Gen. John Abizaid recommended sweeping
changes at the organizations charged with handling the remains of those killed
in action.

"As three employees at the mortuary disclosed mismanagement and mishandling of
human remains, Mr. Keel and two other supervisors illegally tried to suppress
their disclosures and punish them for their whistleblowing," the OSC stated in a
news release Friday afternoon. "It is not surprising that Mr. Keel chose to
resign. The Office of Special Counsel's report of investigation, which will be
made public in mid-March and which the Air Force received in late January, found
that Mr. Keel retaliated against the whistleblowers. We remain in communication
with senior officials at the Air Force and await their final decisions on
disciplinary action for the two supervisors who remain on staff."

But as much as the Angus family wants to see the situation investigated, each
update brings pain.

"We relive our only son dying every few weeks when something new comes out,"
Kathy Angus said. "It is hard on us."

haltman@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7629

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ROUT AT HANDS OF KENT STATE A STEP BACKWARD FOR UB;
MAYBE NO COACH CAN SUCCEED AT UB. STILL, HOFHER'S MISHANDLING OF THE QUARTERBACK
POSITION HAS BEEN CURIOUS.

BYLINE: JERRY SULLIVAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 807 words


All along, Jim Hofher had predicted this would be the year his University at
Buffalo football team began to find its way. Wait until his fourth season and
then judge him. Bill Maher, the acting athletics director, felt the same way.
After last season, Maher said Hofher's job as coach could be in jeopardy if the
Bulls didn't show progress in 2004.

But if that was a sign of progress Saturday afternoon in UB Stadium, I'd hate to
see the alternative. The Bulls' 33-7 loss to Kent State was a great leap
backward, a thorough embarrassment, the sort of loss that gets a coach fired.
The only saving grace was that so few people -- 6,454 -- were willing to endure
35-mph winds to witness it.

Two months earlier, in the opener against Syracuse, the Bulls had seemed on the
verge of being competitive -- certainly against average foes in the Mid-American
Conference. Saturday, coming off a bye week, they were unready to play and
easily discouraged against a Kent State team that had beaten one Division I
opponent all season.

Hofher called it "inexplicable." It was also inexcusable, and worse than the
final score suggests. At halftime, Kent State led, 26-0, had a 321-29 advantage
in yardage, and two Golden Flashes, star quarterback Joshua Cribbs and tailback
David Alston, each had 100 yards already. Alston had been averaging 3.2 yards
per carry. UB made him look like Priest Holmes.

This was Kent State, remember, not Ohio State. Still, it was an athletic
mismatch from the outset, another vivid demonstration of what a top quarterback
can do for a MAC team. Watching Cribbs dominate with his legs and arm, you were
reminded of how deficient UB has been at the sport's most vital position.

The MAC is a quarterback league, the conference that produced Chad Pennington,
Ben Roethlisberger and Byron Leftwich. In four years, Hofher hasn't been able to
field an adequate Division I starter. He showed too much faith in Randall Secky
and it cost him Mike Radon. Then he turned to P.J. Piskorik, whose own father
once told me he couldn't believe his son was actually a starting QB in Division
I.

Maybe no coach can succeed at UB. Still, Hofher's mishandling of the quarterback
position has been curious. He coached quarterbacks at Tennessee and Syracuse and
played the position at Cornell. How could he arrive in his critical fourth year
and still not have a legitimate starter? UB won its only game this year when
Piskorik was suspended and Hofher had to turn to his rookie quarterbacks. Then
he went back to Piskorik, with predictable results.

So the Bulls are 1-8 and looking at a third consecutive one-win season. What do
they do now? Do people in this town care? And who exactly is in charge of the UB
sports program? Maher has worn an interim tag for a year and a half. Is he the
guy, and if so, what is taking the university so long to make it official?

Maher did an admirable job shepherding the basketball program through probation.
The school got lucky with Reggie Witherspoon, who has turned the hoop fortunes
around. But Maher, a former compliance officer, might be over his head as the
lone overseer of a D-I football program. The university should consider bringing
in a fresh set of eyes, someone with football experience at the major-college
level, to help judge the situation.

That assumes, of course, that UB has a sincere commitment to major college
sports. Does anyone know where John Simpson, the new president, stands on
athletics? Simpson claims to care about the athletic program, but where is the
evidence? He's been as invisible as the UB passing game.

Simpson has a reputation for being inaccessible. I can vouch for that. Two weeks
ago, I asked for a few minutes of his time to discuss athletics. I got a
one-sentence statement from the university's PR office saying the president
would announce something soon -- presumably, a national search for an AD. Last
week, our UB writer did a story on the football team's progress. Same thing from
Simpson. A prepared one-sentence comment.

UB wants to have it both ways. It wants to be a big-league football school, but
it settles for a low standard. It allows the program to function for 18 months
under an interim athletics director. It expects high school kids to come and
play, but it doesn't make the financial commitment necessary to attract the
athletes to Buffalo.

The word is, Maher will decide whether Hofher gets a contract extension. He
recently extended Witherspoon's deal. That's a lot of authority for an acting
AD. If the school's serious about doing a national AD search, it should have
begun it by now. It seems silly to allow Maher to make major decisions that
could fall in the lap of his successor.

Once they figure it all out, maybe they'll begin to show some actual progress.
Me, I'd settle for the new president returning a phone call.

e-mail: jsullivan@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Mulville/Buffalo News Coach Jim Hofher hasn't been able to field
an adequate quarterback, including P.J. Piskorik.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 The Buffalo News


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: B; Pg. 011

LENGTH: 1048 words


TURKEYS OUT OF PLACE

As a South Hill resident, I agree with Jeanie Smith's sentiment in her April 5
letter about the turkeys: "Man can stick his nose where it doesn't belong one
too many times, before Mother Nature turns around and bites back."

Well, Mother Nature has bitten back. The turkeys have become a nuisance; they
are not only a "mere inconvenience" to our lives, they are an invasive species.
They are a non-native species introduced into the area, according to the
Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife.

Like most, if not all invasive species, the turkeys have become a problem that
needs to be managed. Not only do invasive species create ecological problems by
displacing local native species, they create economic problems as well. One only
needs to do a simple Internet search on the effects of invasive species such as
zebra mussels, Eurasian milfoil and yellow star thistle.

If the turkey population needs to be managed within the city limits by oiling
unhatched eggs, so be it. They are not native to this area and they need to be
managed.

JIM THOMPSON

SPOKANE

COMMON CORE ADDS UP

In regards to Carla Amparan's April 2 letter ("Common Core ludicrous"), I quote
her: "And yes, the math is too ludicrous to even understand."

Well, I will quote the Common Core standards themselves: "Make sense of problems
and persevere in solving them. Mathematically proficient students check their
answers to problems using a different method. Grade K: Understand addition as
putting together and adding to, and understand subtraction as taking apart and
taking from. Grade 8: Solve real-world and mathematical problems involving
volume of cylinders, cones and spheres. Grade 12: Construct viable arguments and
critique the reasoning of others. Understand solving equations as a process of
reasoning and explain the reasoning." Example: "Use place value understanding to
round whole numbers to the nearest 10 or 100... Multiply one-digit whole numbers
by multiples of 10 in the range 10-90."

Another direct quote: "If it took 7 hours to mow 4 lawns, then at that rate, how
many lawns could be mowed in 35 hours? At what rate were lawns being mowed?"

Yes, these are so ludicrous. If you are going to criticize something, please
read it first. Or, do the math.

JOHN MCNAMARA

PULLMAN

STOP TEXTING AND DRIVING

Being an upcoming driver myself, I am glad that Idaho has released these patrols
("Idaho launches its first emphasis patrol to combat texting and driving," April
4). I don't get why people can't wait to check their phones until after they
stop driving. A total of 4,781 accidents in 2014? Imagine how much that has
ramped up in the past two years.

As the article says, at least half of these drivers weren't wearing their seat
belts. Putting on your seat belt is one of the first steps of driving a car. If
you don't remember to put your seat belt on, which can save your life, then your
phone obviously has become a threat to your life.

In order to have the safest driving experience, both hands should be on the
wheel, and your brain should be focused on driving. You are not safe if you are
focused on texting someone or updating your social status. I want to have the
best driving experience, and I don't want my life to be in danger of careless
drivers.

Hopefully, these patrols will help limit the amount of accidents there are from
texting and driving.

JEREMEY BRAIN

SPOKANE

COONEY'S RULING STUNNING

I am more than taken aback by the front-page story about the charges against
Sgt. Gately being reduced to a misdemeanor by Judge John Cooney. Our justice
system is designed for law enforcement to support the victim, not the offender.
And in this case, the victim was a fellow officer. The judge's tortured logic
about the definition of "apprehension" defies common sense.

Further, the judge apparently tolerated murmurs, guffaws and gestures from the
off-duty officers in the courtroom. That is truly egregious behavior; why were
they not reprimanded? It seems to me that this is what comes because there have
been no consequences for the saluting in the courtroom of a convicted felon, Lt.
Karl Thompson; it just emboldens those who flout violations to their ethical
code.

I don't know Judge Cooney; of course, I have seen his name on billboards my
whole life. I assume he'll be running for re-election one of these days.

How about it, Spokane? Is this the city we want our children and grandchildren
to grow up in? Will we tolerate this behavior in so-called justice officers?

MARY ANN MURPHY

SPOKANE

CLINTON IS NO LINCOLN

Abraham Lincoln gave America the Gettysburg Address for free. Many of our high
school students memorize it because it is noteworthy. We will remember him and
his speech forever.

Hillary Clinton gave Wall Street a classified speech for $250,000 and won't
reveal its contents. We do not care, nor will we remember her.

JOHN BUNCH

MEAD

CLINTON BAGGAGE INEXCUSABLE

Only one presidential candidate is under an FBI investigation for mishandling
classified information. Can you name her? While The Spokesman's endorsement of
Hillary Clinton isn't surprising, glossing over "baggage" like her glaring
defects in judgment and character is inexcusable.

Using insecure email is not a minor "issue." Let's be clear: mishandling
classified information does not require specific intent. Inadvertent or
negligent disclosure can be just as damaging as deliberate release. Military
members have been sanctioned for mishandling a single classified document, let
alone hundreds of our nation's most sensitive secrets. The facts show Clinton's
decision to circumvent established security protocols for her personal
convenience exposed state secrets to compromise. That alone should disqualify
her from the absolute trust a commander in chief must maintain with the troops.

As for Clinton's foreign policy experience, the only tangible results I see were
four flag-draped coffins. Considering the increasing threat of terrorist attacks
within our borders, we can't afford to elect someone who puts personal privilege
above national security. But the fact that an unapologetic Saul Alinsky disciple
is even viable as a candidate is a sad commentary on the failure of elected
officials, and especially the press, to hold people like her accountable. Shame.

J.M. LYONS

SPOKANE

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                              May 25, 2007, Friday

C.A.: UCI Body Donation Program Owed No Duty to Donors' Families to Properly
Keep Track of Bodies

BYLINE:  By TINA BAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1092 words


UC Irvine did not owe a legal duty to the families of Willed Body Program donors
to properly track the remains of donated cadavers, the Fourth District Court of
Appeal has ruled.

In the first two appellate decisions generated by litigation over the program's
mismanagement, a Div. Three panel held that UCI had no legal duty either to keep
track of a donor's body, or ensure that a donor's cremated remains had not been
commingled with other cremated remains before they were returned to the donor's
family.

The rulings, published Wednesday, stem from lawsuits brought separately by
survivors of George Melican and James Conroy, whose bodies were donated to UCI's
program in 1999.

Justices Richard M. Aronson, Richard D. Fybel and William F. Rylaarsdam
unanimously affirmed the dismissal of both suits, resulting from rulings by
Orange Superior Court Judges William F. McDonald, who originally presided over
the cases, and David C. Velasquez, before whom the matters were consolidated in
2001.

In the Melican case, the donor's son, Joseph Melican, along with the donor's
siblings Robert Melican and Maureen Kennedy, sued the university alleging that
cremated remains UCI returned to the family were not those of George Melican.

Melican's widow, Patricia-who did not sue the university-gifted her husband's
body in July 1999 to the Willed Body Program, which uses donated cadavers for
research and teaching purposes. Under the donation agreement, Patricia Melican
elected to have UCI dispose of the body "in accordance [with] California State
Law" after use by the program.

UCI had Melican's remains cremated the next month. In September, after UCI
publicly admitted that its poor recordkeeping had in some case prevented the
return of remains to family members, Joseph Melican called the university
inquiring about his father's remains.

After being told that the donor's cremated remains were at the WBP laboratory,
Joseph Melican arranged for the remains to be delivered to his mother's home.
The family discovered that the remains were not those of George Melican when a
forensic dentist they hired to examine them found in them six metal snap
buttons-Melican's body had not been clothed when it was donated or cremated.

Among other legal theories alleged, the plaintiffs claimed UCI owed them the
same duties of care that a mortuary or crematory would, as well as a duty of
care to avoid causing them emotional distress. Velasquez granted UCI's summary
judgment motion on both negligence claims.

Agreeing, Div. Three concluded UCI never purported to provide funeral-related
services to the family. Moreover, the justices noted, the university had no
contractual duty to return the remains to the family at all.

Writing for the panel, Aronson said as to the emotional distress claim:

"Even where not mishandled, bodies donated to the WBP are routinely subjected to
treatment that could foreseeably cause emotional distress to family members."

While mishandling of remains by a funeral home, crematory or cemetery would in
most cases trigger liability, universities are exempted from such consequences
due to the importance of medical education and research, he said.

The justices rejected similar negligence claims alleged in the Conroy case.

There the donor's widow, Evelyn Conroy, asserted that UCI was liable to her for
failing to keep track of her husband's remains, failing to contact her before
disposing of them, and mishandling her husband's body while using it for
purposes other than teaching or scientific research.

James Conroy executed a donation agreement in 1996 after he and his wife learned
of the WBP through a newspaper article. Following Conroy's death in 1999, his
wife notified UCI, which sent a representative to pick up the body.

Like Melican's family members, Conroy later read reports that bodies were
missing from the WBP. Upon inquiry, she ultimately learned that her husband's
body had been delivered to the university's medical school but UCI had no record
of what had happened to it.

Conroy's suit included the allegation that UCI negligently mishandled her
husband's remains. To support her position, she sought to show a pattern and
practice of mishandling bodies by the WBP. Citing evidence including the
unauthorized use of donated cadavers in a gross anatomy class orchestrated by
the WBP director-the course was held on UCI premises without UCI's permission,
and offered to prospective medical school students-Conroy maintained the
inference that her husband's body was mishandled.

But Aronson said:

"The only evidence Conroy submitted directly relating to her husband's body was
that UCI could not account for the body's specific use and the final
disposition."

The absence of specific allegations that his body was subjected to the described
patterns of misconduct was fatal to her negligence claim, he concluded.

In rejecting her emotional distress claim, based on UCI's alleged failure to
keep track of her husband's remains, Aronson noted:

"The donation agreement included no express promise UCI would track the body or
provide Conroy a description of how UCI utilized the body. Nor do the
circumstances suggest an implied promise to do so, given the nature of study and
scientific research involving cadavers."

Conroy's appellate counsel, Claremont attorney Paul M. Mahoney, told the MetNews
his client would be filing a petition for review with the Supreme Court, but was
glad that the decision was published.

"I obviously disagree with the opinion, but I think it's very important that the
taxpayers be exposed as to what happened to Mrs. Conroy and that they know now
what the regents did with regard to Mrs. Conroy."

Santa Ana lawyer James Rumm, who represented Melican's family on appeal,
commented on his clients' case:

"Frankly, I'm more than a bit disappointed, because they're basically ruling
that the regents have blanket authority to mess with the lives of people with
respect to their loved ones whose bodies have been donated....I think that's
really the wrong message to send. It's really giving them cover for years of bad
conduct that went on at the UCI willed body program."

The legal team was "thinking very seriously" about appealing, he said

The regents' counsel on appeal, Louis M. Marlin and Dale A. Anderson of Irvine,
could not be reached for comment.

The cases are Melican v. Regents of the University of California, G036583; and
Conroy v. Regents of the University of California, 07 S.O.S. 2708.



LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2007 Metropolitan News Company


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    December 10, 2003 Wednesday Home Edition

Chaplain hearing delayed;
Army gains time to review, classify seized documents

BYLINE: RICHARD WHITT

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 620 words


Fort Benning --- Criminal proceedings against Army Capt. James J. Yee came to an
abrupt halt Tuesday as Army prosecutors sought additional time to review and
classify documents taken from the Muslim chaplain when he was arrested.

The hearing, to determine whether to court-martial Yee, is set to resume Jan.
19, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. holiday.

Initially the center of a spy investigation that went nowhere, Yee is now
charged with the far less serious crime of mishandling classified documents as
well as adultery, lying to investigators and using government computers to view
pornography.

Yee, a former chaplain ministering to detainees at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, was
held in a Navy brig for 76 days. He was arrested Sept. 10 in Jacksonville
carrying documents that government officials have called suspicious.

Among the documents were small notebooks, a typewritten page and a term paper on
Syria that Yee had written for a college course on international affairs.

Maj. Gen. Geoffrey Miller, commander of prison camp operations at Guantanamo,
granted the delay.

While Yee's defense attorneys argued they needed to see the documents the
government is still reviewing, they took pains to make clear they had not sought
the delay.

Eugene Fidell, one of Yee's civilian attorneys, said the government should have
reviewed the documents taken from Yee long before the preliminary trial began
but is facing a deadline because of the military's speedy trial rule. The
government has 120 days after Yee's arrest to begin a court-martial, Fidell
said.

"It's a complete disgrace that this officer was put in a pretrial confrontation
without first determining if he had classified material," he said. "Somebody
ought to be red-faced right now."

Delay fuels complaint

The delay, he added, should give the government time to reconsider its decision
to charge the 35-year-old West Point graduate.

Yee, who was grilled Monday about an extramarital affair he is accused of having
while stationed at Guantanamo, said he will use the delay to spend time with his
family. "I will ask for a leave tomorrow," he said.

Yee is married to a Palestinian woman and the couple has a 4-year-old daughter.
His wife, Huda, and daughter, Sarah, along with Yee's mother and father,
attended the two-day hearing.

The defense team repeatedly complained that prosecutors delayed giving them
access to information necessary for Yee's defense and then dumped documents on
them at the last minute.

Yee's lawyers weren't given secret clearance to view classified documents until
Monday. And by Tuesday morning the Army still had not finished classifying
documents seized from Yee, prompting further delay.

"The clearance is useless to me because no one has yet shown me any classified
documents," Fidell said. "It's like having a driver's license and no car."

Yee's appointed Army attorney, Maj. Stephen Sikes, the first defense attorney to
talk with Yee after his detention, agreed the charges should be dropped.

Yee lawyers frustrated

The Army's case against Yee has dwindled to relatively minor violations that
should be handled administratively, Sikes said.

"Early on, the government talked to this counsel that this case might even be a
capital case," Sikes said. "Now, here we are today dealing with alleged
violations of a general order. It seems clear to the defense that our client
isn't a spy. He hasn't aided and abetted the enemy, whoever the enemy is."

Sikes suggested the Army, having made so much of Yee's case, is simply trying to
save face by prosecuting him on other charges.

He also expressed frustration with the proceedings.

"All we want is a level playing field," Sikes said.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Army Capt. James Yee watches through a window of the judicial
building at Fort Benning as his attorneys talk with reporters at his military
hearing Tuesday. The hearing for Yee, who is accused of mishandling classified
documents and other charges, will resume Jan. 19. / DAVE MARTIN / Associated
Press

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            January 16, 2007 Tuesday
                                 REGION EDITION

SHOULD FOREIGN COMPANIES CONTROL OUR WATER?;
LEARN THE FACTS......ABOUT STEM CELLS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 1341 words


Given the recent water problems in the West Mifflin area, why has so little
conversation focused on the Pennsylvania American Water Co.?

Recently, I learned that Pennsylvania American Water has been owned since 2003
by the for-profit, German-based RWE (www.RWE.com). It owns American Water
companies in 29 states.

Last winter, we had ice on our street coming from a broken, underground pipe.
Pennsylvania American Water was notified and waited weeks to repair it. My
neighbor fell on the ice and required major surgery.

Recently, Pennsylvania American Water tried unsuccessfully to service a fire
hydrant by my house. They covered it with a burlap coffee sack and left,
allowing the open hydrant to drain onto my property for two days. By calling the
800 emergency number, I reached Pensacola, Fla., where I got no help. What if
there was a fire? I called the New Jersey headquarters and said if the hydrant
wasn't fixed by the third day, I would call the German headquarters. It was
fixed.

Why do we let others have control and profit by supplying a basic commodity that
affects our lives, public safety and infrastructure?

RWE is talking about selling American Water through an initial public offering
(IPO) in 2007. With that transaction, anyone from around the world could buy
shares. They would own our local American Water companies.

Other U.S. cities and states know about this situation and are working to regain
control of their own local water companies.

Who is studying the issue in Pennsylvania and providing information and
leadership on this critical subject?

LAURA MAGONE

Dormont

Police coverup

Regarding the Jan. 5 article "3 Police Officers in DUI Dustup: Probe Focuses on
Offer of Special Treatment, Threats": First, the word "dustup" should be
"coverup." The blue code of covering up police crimes should be fought the same
as drug laws.

When an officer is accused of protecting another from prosecution, he or she
should be turned over to the district attorney. The officer who was cited for
DUI should not have been protected.

Where is this protection going to stop and eventually how many traffic deaths
might these people cause? They probably protect friends, too. Police officers
drive to work with blacked out windows, then give tickets to citizens for doing
the same.

RONALD HAMER

N. Versailles

Accept the decision

The Jan. 9 letter "Step Up, Mr. Barden" was in my view heavily laden with
specious reasoning.

First, elected officials, including county Chief Executive Dan Onorato, had
little or no impact on the decisions of the state Gaming Control Board, and
rightly so.

Second, the writer's speculation that 70 to 80 percent of the populace feels
bitter about the Isle of Capri's loss is indeed a stretch. To suggest that Don
Barden or his group won the slots license by means unavailable to the others
involved is ludicrous. Furthermore, it could be reasonably opined that 70 to 80
percent of the regional population couldn't care less about hockey but at the
same time would perhaps support a new arena.

The largess offered by the Isle of Capri for the Penguins unfortunately could
not outweigh the many factors that comprised the mission of the gaming board.
Let's hope that the gaming board's decision is the right one for the area as a
whole and that it appeases the animus of its detractors.

Lest we forget, the object of the gaming board was basically gaming, with the
residuals to aid us all. Let's all be good sports about this decision. All is
not lost, Pens fans.

M.S. WASHINGTON

Penn Hills

Faux hunter

Pennsylvania has a proud tradition as a hunting state. The programmed massacre
of scores of tame pen-raised birds released at the feet of Vice President Dick
Cheney so he can blast away is not hunting. It would require a psychiatrist to
accurately describe the activity that the vice president indulges in despite all
the negative publicity it has generated for him.

But what can anyone expect from someone who also is seemingly oblivious to, and
unrepentant about, the carnage he was instrumental in creating by the absolutely
unnecessary invasion of Iraq?

GERALD S. SCHILLER

Tarentum

No decency

I am a regular reader of Tony Norman. I believe his Jan. 12 column, "Have You No
Decency, Mr. President?" may have been his best work. Mr. Norman's insight into
the Lincoln presidency reinforced my disdain for President Bush and his
mishandling of the war in Iraq.

I am a Vietnam-era veteran who believes this administration is wrong for
sacrificing our troops and tax dollars for yet another puppet government. I have
read how LBJ may have driven himself to an early grave over the remorse
pertinent to his mishandling of the war in Southeast Asia. In contrast, the
incumbent war criminal most likely will strut up the steps of his
soon-to-be-built presidential library and blabber about his legacy as a "wartime
president."

I hope the picture of him on board the deck of an aircraft carrier in front of
the sign "Mission Accomplished" is not memorialized in the archives of his
library. The image would be a slap in the face to the brave men and women
serving in the quagmire the Bush administration has misled our country to in
Iraq. It makes me sick to see him, listen to his lies and read about his foolish
ways. I will never forgive him and his lackeys for what they are doing to our
country.

DONN NEMCHICK

Munhall

Little-known tunnel

Two issues came to mind when I read the PG article about the little-used Wabash
Tunnel. The first is the HOV restriction placed on this route. Opening the
tunnel to all drivers would surely increase its use.

Second, the Port Authority and the city of Pittsburgh have done a terrible job
of raising awareness about this gateway through Mount Washington. I live in the
southwestern part of the city and find over and over again that among the people
who live in the neighborhoods surrounding the McArdle Roadway end of the tunnel,
few even know it exists.

Most people believe the Wabash Tunnel is open only to bus traffic and have no
idea that, if they are fortunate enough to be driving by the entrance ramp when
it is open, this brand new access road can save significant time traveling from
Carson Street to Route 51, or vice versa.

GREG REMPEL

Crafton

Dirty politics

Mayor Ravenstahl: A person always breaks a rule when they expose dirty politics.
That's why the Constitution and the "Whistleblower Law" protects them. You are
just upset because your administration got caught (Ex-chief's Statement Differs
From City View That Official Didn't Interfere With Police, Jan. 12).

Don't despair, you'll get better -- like the rest of the politicians in this
area. Hats off to Commander McNeilly.

ANTON UHL

Cheswick

Susan Rauscher's Jan. 12 letter "About Stem Cells," shows the continued
ignorance of people who are blinded by things like faith or political
affiliation. I cannot tell you how many conversations I have had with those who
oppose embryonic stem-cell research and yet they don't even have the most basic
knowledge about its history.

Ms. Rauscher states: "Even after more than 20 years and many millions of dollars
spent, embryonic stem cells remain extremely difficult, if not impossible, to
designate into the cell type needed and have not yielded even one therapy or
treatment to benefit patients."

She could not be more wrong with this statement. This irritates me beyond
belief. She is head of the Secretariat for Pastoral and Social Concerns for the
Pittsburgh Catholic Diocese and she doesn't know the facts. She is driven by her
religious beliefs.

The fact is, embryonic stem cells were only discovered in 1998. That is eight
years, not 20. Adult stem cells have been studied for more than 20 years, not
embryonic cells.

For all those people who think that destroying embryos for stem-cell research is
so horrible, what do you think happens to these embryos if they are not used?
They are destroyed anyway. Why not put them to use for the good of mankind?

Try caring as much about people who are already living as you do about the ones
that haven't even drawn their first breath.

JULIE RHINE

Zelienople

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tim Brinton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 7, 1993, Sunday, Final Edition

Reports of Missteps on BNL's Iraq Loans Fuel Both Sides of Coverup Dispute

R. Jeffrey Smith, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 1015 words


Lawmakers who allege that the Bush administration covered up illegal financial
dealings with Iraq and those who dismiss the allegation as politically motivated
hogwash each obtained some new ammunition for their battle on Friday, with the
disclosure of two long-awaited reports on the matter.

The reports, one prepared by the CIA inspector general and the other by the
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, contain new information about the
mishandling of classified intelligence reports bearing on more than $ 4 billion
in loans to Iraq between 1985 and 1989 by the Atlanta branch of an Italian
government-owned bank, Banca Nazional del Lavoro (BNL).

Because Iraq used the loans to buy food and arms before it invaded Kuwait in
August 1990, the government's inquiry into who was responsible for the loans is
a politically sensitive matter. The U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta, acting
under Justice Department supervision, in February 1991 pinned the entire
responsibility on the director of BNL's Atlanta branch, Christopher P. Drogoul.

But the new reports make clear that before reaching this conclusion, the U.S.
attorney's office was not provided with BNL-related intelligence reports. Some
of these reports suggested that officials at BNL's Rome headquarters shared
responsibility for the loans, or even that U.S. and allied government officials
had played a part in the scandal by sponsoring or supporting some of the loans.

By concluding that numerous officials took improper actions, displayed bad
judgment, failed to pursue obvious leads and communicated poorly with one
another about BNL-related intelligence, the reports could bolster the suspicions
of some Democratic lawmakers that the executive branch deliberately skewed the
investigation to blame the wrong man and hide information about its own
involvement in the BNL loans to Iraq.

But the reports also conclude that no official was guilty of criminal wrongdoing
in mishandling the intelligence reports and that what some Democratic lawmakers
portrayed last year as a massive Bush administration coverup instead was a
series of random or uncoordinated mistakes. The reports also state that the
documents in question did not contain any proof to support the allegations of
government involvement in the loans.

In short, the reports suggest the presence of some smoke but conclude there was
no fire. As CIA Inspector General Frederick P. Hitz wrote, "No evidence was
found in this investigation to indicate that any CIA officer intentionally
withheld any information concerning BNL . . . for the purpose of obstructing . .
. the BNL-Atlanta prosecution or to protect CIA, its employees, sources, or any
foreign officials or governments from being implicated in that prosecution."

At the same time, the intelligence information that failed to reach federal
prosecutors uniformly suggested the scandal was wider than the prosecutors had
alleged because it implicated BNL officials at more senior levels than Drogoul's
or hinted at involvement by U.S. or Italian government officials.

One classified report, published by the Defense Intelligence Agency 1 1/2 months
after BNL-Atlanta's loan operation was halted by a federal raid, even contained
speculation that "the BNL mechanism" was part of a NATO strategy to ensure an
Iraqi victory in its war with Iran between 1980 and 1988. That notion, if true,
would bear out the speculation of some Democratic lawmakers last year.

While prosecutors never saw the DIA report, it provoked special inquiry by two
Justice Department officials who saw it. DIA deputy general counsel Robert H.
Berry Jr. told the Senate committee that the Justice Department officials
dismissed the report because they believed "there was really no substance here .
. . that it was mainly cafe conversation and speculation about material
appearing in the newspaper."

No actual investigation of the allegation in the DIA report was conducted by the
Justice Department, according to the Senate report. Nor did the Senate committee
or the CIA inspector general consider it their responsibility to probe the claim
beyond reviewing the official documents they received.

Neither the Justice Department nor the FBI, which received the majority of the
classified reports suggesting a wider scandal, diligently probed those leads,
the Senate report reveals. A major critic of the BNL probe, Rep. Henry B.
Gonzalez (D-Tex.), had, for example, repeatedly expressed interest in what the
National Security Agency might have known about the BNL loans or the Iraqi
weapons purchases they financed.

But the Justice Department's interest in pursuing this angle was half-hearted at
best. According to the Senate report, two officials of the department's criminal
division, Theodore Greenberg and Peter Clark, cut short their sole review of
voluminous BNL-related information at NSA headquarters at Fort Meade because of
a snowstorm on Dec. 27, 1990, and never returned.

When the NSA told the Justice Department last summer that it had identified
another 3,000 documents of potential interest, Clark suggested the Atlanta
prosecutors put together a team to conduct a systematic analysis of the
material. "No action was taken," the Senate report said.

"Should some of our reports have triggered an interest in probing further?"
asked a CIA official yesterday. "That's certainly a legitimate observation." But
the official, who spoke on condition that he not be named, said he believed the
lack of aggressive probing was not due to deliberate malfeasance but resulted
more from error and poor judgment.

Whatever the reason, the consequence was that no one "from the U.S. attorney's
office or from the task force investigating the case saw any of the intelligence
information prior to the indictment" of Drogoul in February 1991, according to
the Senate report, which called the Justice Department's actions "shoddy."

The intelligence information also was withheld from Drogoul, who was entitled by
law to obtain any information in the hands of the government that might tend to
exonerate him.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

STOCK REPORT;
A COLLECTION OF INSIDER OPINION FROM WISPOLITICS.COM

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 891 words


RISING

Wisconsin is poised to join a handful of other states with new regulations
paving the way for ride-sharing companies such as Uber and Lyft. The Senate
signed off on the bill, clearing it to head to the governor's desk.

The bill would create a statewide license for ride-sharing companies, which hook
up riders and drivers through smartphone apps. The companies would be regulated
by the state Department of Safety and Professional Services and would have to
meet several requirements in areas such as insurance.

But the bill also would pre-empt local ordinances, drawing protests from
communities such as Madison and Milwaukee that already have spent months on
their regs. Dems also complain the legislation treats Uber drivers differently
from those working for traditional taxi companies. For example, the companies
wouldn't have to provide service around the clock or in all areas of a community
and could institute peak pricing. That, critics contend, puts Wisconsin-based
taxi companies at a competitive disadvantage with the out-of-state ride-share
firms. But backers counter the legislation is simply the state catching up to a
new technology that is changing the marketplace and better catering to the needs
of millennials.

Tribal deer hunting

The state and Wisconsin's Native American tribes have been engaged in a series
of squabbles in recent years. The Chippewa win the latest battle as the U.S.
Supreme Court chooses not to take up Wisconsin's appeal in a case over whether
Chippewa tribes can hunt deer at night. The case now goes back to district
court, where the state faces a higher bar in showing why tribes can't hunt deer
at night even though other states allow it and Wisconsin sanctioned it in some
cases to curb chronic-wasting disease.

MIXED

Scott Walker

Walker seemed to have won the "Koch primary" early last week after initial
reports on remarks by David Koch were interpreted as a sign he believes Walker
should be the nominee in 2016. Still, a Koch spokesman walked back the comments
slightly and insisted the Koch network would remain neutral in the GOP primary;
and Charles Koch said in an interview there are five candidates the brothers are
looking at: Walker, Jeb Bush, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio.

Walker also stirred up national attention when he seemed to align himself with
U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., an advocate for placing new restrictions on
legal immigration.

Walker insists his comments are nothing new, but many view it as a shift to the
right. Some in the conservative media applaud the move, but others slam it as
pandering, adding the stance is at odds with many in the business community.

Walker's presidential poll numbers have started to come back to the pack in some
polls as other candidates have officially announced and pulled away support.

Earth Day

Tensions over environmental stewardship circulated in the home state of Earth
Day founder Gaylord Nelson.

Dems cried foul as the DNR sent layoff notices to 57 employees warning they may
be laid off as part of the governor's budget.

Those unhappy with the governor's call to turn the DNR Board into an advisory
council were hoping for a big turnout at the Conservation Congress April 13 as a
show of force. But instead of the 10,000 hoped for, just 4,610 turned out for
the meetings, at which citizens can give testimony and cast non-binding votes on
rule changes and policy resolutions. The attendance was a sharp drop from the
7,053 last year, and one of the four lowest showings in the past decade.

FALLING

Tammy Baldwin

It's still an open question how much long-term damage has been done to the
freshman senator in the fallout from her office's handling of prescription drug
abuse charges at the Tomah VA.

Marquette Baylor, the aide Baldwin fired over the mishandling of the report and
other issues, filed a complaint with the Senate Ethics Committee.

Baylor argues Baldwin's office has been trying to pin the blame on her for the
mishandling of a report on the Tomah VA while shielding the senator's chief of
staff.

Baldwin's office fires back that the complaint is nothing more than a political
hit job by a "go-to Republican firm," pointing out the same lawyer helping
Baylor represented targets of a John Doe probe in court proceedings.

Either way, insiders have a hard time seeing the Ethics Committee coming down
hard on Baldwin; lawmakers are loathe to hit one of their own unless something
truly egregious occurred.

So the run of negative headlines this week is mainly more fodder for the
expected campaign ads in 2018 that will slam her on the issue.

CUB

The Citizens Utility Board is facing a crippling cut in funding after the Joint
Finance Committee voted to eliminate a grant that provides $300,000 a year to
the board. Funded through money from utility ratepayers, the grant is available
to any group that advocates for customers. But CUB has been the only
organization to seek the money, which constitutes a significant chunk of its
$771,580 budget.

Backers call CUB a wise investment for ratepayers, who saved $161 million last
year after the group helped persuade the Public Service Commission to reduce
utilities' initial rate proposals.

Metropolitan Milwaukee Association of Commerce praises the JFC move, saying its
members are concerned about providing a subsidy to a special-interest group
funded through their utility rates.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 17, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

The ordeal of Chaplain Yee

BYLINE: Laura Parker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2133 words

Last fall, he was the Muslim chaplain who had betrayed America.

Accused of espionage, Army Capt. James Yee saw his notoriety bloom overnight. He
was vilified on the airwaves and on the Internet as an operative in a supposed
spy ring that aimed to pass secrets to al-Qaeda from suspected terrorists held
at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, where Yee ministered to them. After his arrest, Yee was
blindfolded, placed in manacles and taken to a Navy brig, where he spent 76 days
in solitary confinement.

Eight months later, all the criminal charges against the 36-year-old West Point
graduate have melted away. A subsequent reprimand has been removed from his
record. And while many legal analysts are questioning whether a
security-conscious military over-reached in its investigation, Yee is back home
at Fort Lewis, Wash., pondering what remains of his military career.


Military officials involved in the case won't say what they thought they had on
Yee or why they pursued him with such zeal. Prosecutions are proceeding against
three other men -- two Arabic translators and an Army Reserve colonel -- who
worked at Guantanamo, where the military is holding nearly 600 suspected
al-Qaeda and Taliban operatives captured in Afghanistan and elsewhere.

The decision to jail Yee was made by Maj. Gen. Geoffrey Miller, then commander
of Guantanamo's detention camp. He oversaw the espionage investigations of all
four men. He has since been transferred to Iraq, where he is now engulfed in the
controversy involving prisoner abuse at Abu Ghraib.

When the Army dropped six criminal counts against Yee in March, military
officials said they did so to avoid making sensitive information public -- not
because he was innocent. An Army general stressed that again in April, when he
took the unusual step of removing the case from Yee's permanent military record.


But a growing number of critics say the Yee case demands further examination.
The critics, who include former military judges and prosecutors well-versed in
military law, say the case offers a chilling glimpse into military anxiety at a
time of heightened concern about terrorism.

"This is a case that's so obviously wrong that (even) people who don't know
military law are, if not outraged, then very concerned about what happened,"
says Kevin Barry, a retired Coast Guard judge. "There apparently was no
evidence. If they had the goods, they would have prosecuted."

Like Barry, many of the critics suggest that the case collapsed not because of
national security concerns, but because the evidence against Yee, whatever it
was, didn't hold up. They wonder whether the military's threshold for suspicion
at Guantanamo was such that benign behavior too easily could have been mistaken
as sinister.

No espionage charges

They say that the military compounded its errors by leaking to the media, before
the Yee probe was complete, that the chaplain could face multiple death-penalty
charges tied to espionage. Those charges never materialized. The six counts
against Yee that were dropped later were significantly less serious and included
mishandling classified materials, adultery, storing pornography on his Army
laptop and lying to investigators.

"They let him languish in solitary confinement for 76 days. That's outrageous,"
says John Fugh, a retired Army judge advocate general. "When he saw his legal
counsel, he was in leg irons.  . . .  We don't treat commissioned officers that
way. I don't care what he did."

Bob Barr, a Republican and former Georgia congressman, sees the Yee case as part
of a disturbing trend in the handling of terrorism-related cases. He cites some
cases brought by U.S. prosecutors against groups accused of laundering funds for
terrorists. The cases got headlines but collapsed, Barr says.

"What we're seeing in Guantanamo, and perhaps in this case, is what happens when
you've removed any judicial oversight over what the government is doing," says
Barr, who has criticized the administration's policy of detaining some terrorism
suspects indefinitely without charging them.

Two Democrats on the Senate Armed Services Committee, Edward Kennedy of
Massachusetts and Carl Levin of Michigan, have asked the Pentagon to investigate
the Army's treatment of Yee.

Gen. James Hill, chief of the U.S. Southern Command, which oversees military
operations at Guantanamo, declined to be interviewed. In cleansing Yee's
military record last month, Hill called Yee's incarceration necessary, "given
the circumstances at the time."

Col. William Costello, a Southern Command spokesman, added: "There's really
nothing more that we're going to share on the case. We've dropped the charges.
. . .  I'm not at liberty to talk about what the investigation entailed."

Yee, meanwhile, is under a new Army order not to talk about his ordeal in any
way that might be seen as critical of the military. If he does, he could face
further prosecution or discipline. He declined to be interviewed by USA TODAY.

Without an explanation from the military, the attorneys for Yee and the three
others arrested in the Guantanamo espionage probe can only theorize about what
might have triggered it. Was Yee too outspoken in his requests to superiors that
the prisoners receive better treatment? Did authorities suspect a "Syrian
connection" between Yee and a Syrian-born translator who worked for him? Did
cultural misunderstandings raise suspicions about Muslims at the base?

"We know basically nothing about what got this all started," says Eugene Fidell,
a lawyer in Washington, D.C., who worked with Yee's Army defense lawyers.

Yee arrived at Guantanamo on Nov. 5, 2002, and was assigned to minister to
Muslim prisoners. He and Muslim workers used a vacant office for their own
prayer sessions; sometimes they had a meal. The lawyers think the get-togethers
might have raised suspicions.

Yee was arrested Sept. 10 at the start of a one-week leave. Customs agents at
the Jacksonville (Fla.) Naval Air Station, tipped by an investigator at
Guantanamo that Yee could be carrying classified materials, confiscated drawings
and documents containing information about the prisoners and their
interrogators. A Customs agent later testified at a preliminary hearing that the
items were "of interest to national security."

Yee also had ties to Syria that apparently drew investigators' attention: His
wife, Huda, is Syrian. He met her while studying Islam in Damascus in the late
1990s, as he prepared to become one of the Army's first Muslim chaplains. (Born
in New Jersey and raised a Lutheran, he converted to Islam in 1991.)

Yee was baffled by his arrest, his attorneys say. But what came next was even
more surprising. At a confinement hearing two days later, a Navy prosecutor
argued that Yee was a flight risk and that he should be held in the
maximum-security Navy brig in Charleston, S.C. Court papers said he would be
charged with espionage, spying, aiding the enemy, mutiny or sedition, and
disobeying an order. His attorneys were told that he could face execution.

On Sept. 16, Yee was driven to Charleston and was given the sensory-deprivation
treatment the military had used on Guantanamo prisoners when they were flown to
Cuba. He was blindfolded and placed in shackles, and his ears were covered to
block his hearing. He spent the next 76 days in solitary confinement.

On Sept. 20, details of Yee's arrest appeared in a story in The Washington
Times, which quoted unidentified government sources. A gush of publicity
followed and took root on the Internet, where it flourishes today.

Yee was held in maximum security until Oct. 24. He wore hand and leg irons when
he left his cell. Brig guards refused to recognize him as an officer and
required him to identify himself as an E-1, the lowest enlisted rank. He wasn't
allowed to send or receive mail, watch TV or read anything except the Koran.
Only his attorneys could visit. After Oct. 25, he could make two 15-minute calls
a day.

The case goes nowhere

Yee's defense team believes the case against him ran off the rails less than 48
hours after his arrest. At Yee's confinement hearing, they noted a disparity
between the severity of the charges listed against Yee and the vague arguments
the government made to justify his arrest. The prosecutor didn't have to tip his
hand then, but the defense team found it unusual that so little evidence was
presented.

"When you see a gulf between the shrill charges and this anthill of evidence . .
.  you have to wonder," Fidell says.

Many military law specialists say they became increasingly skeptical about the
quality of the government's case -- especially after Oct. 10, when the criminal
charges filed against Yee turned out not to be espionage and spying, but two
lesser counts of mishandling classified materials. Yet Yee remained in solitary
confinement.

On Nov. 24, Fidell wrote to President Bush, pleading for Yee's release. The next
day, Yee was released -- and was hit with four new charges. The new counts --
adultery, lying to investigators and two counts of downloading porn -- were
another sign to many observers that the evidence didn't support the original
allegations.

Fugh calls the added charges "Mickey Mouse stuff."

The crux of the case was the charges that Yee had mishandled classified
information. But prosecutors did not show the defense any evidence that Yee had
such materials. A hearing to determine whether he should be court-martialed was
delayed over the issue.

"The government has never produced the evidence that it believes was classified,
so I am somewhat at a loss," Fidell says. "We were playing Hamlet without Hamlet
here."

When the hearing began Dec. 8 at Fort Benning, Ga., prosecutors led off not with
their most serious charges, but with adultery. As Yee's parents, wife and
4-year-old daughter watched, Navy Lt. Karyn Wallace testified under immunity
about her affair with Yee.

Under military rules, adultery rarely is prosecuted. It is a crime only if it is
"prejudicial to good order and discipline," meaning that it has to be disruptive
or be so widely known that it damages the service. Yee's affair apparently had
been secret. "It is arguable that there was no crime," Barry says.

On the second day of the hearing, prosecutors asked for a 41-day delay to
examine the classified issues. The hearing never resumed. The criminal charges
were dropped on March 19.

"This would have been a logical place to back off," says Gary Solis, a former
Marine prosecutor and staff judge advocate who teaches military law at
Georgetown University in Washington. But the military "kept going. They already
had enough egg on their face to make an omelet or two. But no, they wanted to
serve a table of 10."

On March 22, Yee was called to a non-criminal hearing where he received a
reprimand on the adultery and pornography charges.

Yee appealed the reprimand. Appeals of disciplinary actions rarely are granted,
but on April 14, Hill did just that. Hill said later, "While I believe that
Chaplain Yee's misconduct was wrong, I do not believe, given the extreme
notoriety of his case . . .  that further stigmatizing Chaplain Yee would serve
a just and fair purpose."

Yee returned to his chaplain duties at Fort Lewis two weeks ago. His tour of
duty expires next year. Fidell says Yee has made no decisions about his future.



3 others await proceedings

Three other men stationed at Guantanamo Bay have been charged with mishandling
classified materials:

* Ahmad al-Halabi, an Air Force translator, was arrested July 25. The
Syrian-born U.S. citizen initially was charged with 30 counts that ranged from
sneaking baklava to the prisoners to espionage and aiding the enemy. Last fall,
13 of the charges were dropped; the remaining 17 charges include mishandling
classified materials and espionage. He awaits a court-martial, now set for June.


* Ahmed Mehalba, a civilian interpreter at Guantanamo, was arrested Sept. 29 at
Boston's Logan International Airport after returning from Cairo. A Customs
inspector found a CD-ROM in his luggage that appeared to contain hundreds of
sensitive documents. He was indicted on federal charges of mishandling sensitive
information and lying to investigators. Mehalba is being held without bail in a
Massachusetts jail. No trial date has been set.

* Army Col. Jack Farr, 58, head of Guantanamo's prisoner interrogation unit, was
arrested Oct. 11 and charged with mishandling intelligence and lying to
investigators. Classified documents were allegedly found in his luggage at the
end of his six-month tour. Farr is now at Fort Gordon, Ga., awaiting a
preliminary hearing May 25 that will determine whether he will face a
court-martial.


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Karie Hamilton for USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Jonathan Ernst,
Reuters; Yee: Muslim chaplain ministered to prisoners at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Seen here at the Islamic Center of Olympia, Wash.<>Reprimand later erased: Capt.
James Yee speaks with witness Qas-seem Ali Uqdah after Yee was reprimanded at a
hearing March 22.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          Northwest Florida Daily News

                           October 27, 2005, Thursday

Fire district allegations spark legal inspection

BYLINE: By Heather Civil

LENGTH: 517 words



DeFUNIAK SPRINGS -- The Walton County Sheriff's Office is investigating the
alleged mishandling of funds at the United Volunteer Fire District in the
Woodlawn area.

The Sheriff's Office is looking at the district's records in response to a
recent audit that revealed financial problems, said Capt. Stan Sunday.

Allegations have also been made that Fire Chief Robert Nash misused funds,
Sunday said.

"We are looking into missing or the misappropriation of funds," he said.

Nash said Wednesday that the allegations come from an unnamed "disgruntled"
employee whom Nash recently fired.

"I know I ain't done nothing," Nash said. "I don't even have any access to the
checkbook or anything. I do not have access to the money."

Nash said that some of the district's financial records went missing during an
investigation into the murder of fire district secretary Jackie Malone in
September 2004. Malone kept the district records in her home office.

Sunday said that the Sheriff's Office, which investigated Malone's death, "took
no records pertaining to that fire department."

In addition to the mishandling of money, the fire district could be in trouble
for violating the state's Sunshine Law, Sunday said. He could not give details.

The Sheriff 's Office has investigated the qualifications of Nash and other
firefighters at United and found no criminal wrongdoing, Sunday said.

The Sheriff 's Office has turned that information over to the Bureau of Fire
Standards and Training at the Florida State Fire College in Ocala, Sunday said.

Dave Casey, chief of the Bureau of Fire Standards and Training, said that the
agency is checking into Nash's background.

Nash has been chief since 1995 and a firefighter with United since 1989. Word
got out recently that Nash has a 1983 arson conviction in Franklin County,
something he does not deny.

Walton County provides United with funding each year to supplement income
collected in the form of taxes from property owners within the district.

This year, United was scheduled to receive $ 93,000 from the county.

But the County Commission this week decided to withhold its funding until the
financial questions are answered.

Last year, the county provided $ 74,000 to the United Volunteer Fire District.
The district collected an additional $ 30,000 in tax revenue.

It is unclear whether the fire district may have misspent funds or whether
someone within the district may have used them for personal gain, Sunday said.

"It's still early to tell if there will be any charges to file and if so what
they will be," he said.



-----

To see more of the Northwest Florida Daily News -- including its homes, jobs,
cars and other classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.nwfdailynews.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FO-FIRE-DISTRICT-INSPECT-20051027

JOURNAL-CODE: FO

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2005 Northwest Florida Daily News


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Wisconsin: Out-of-state Practice: Proceed with Caution!

LENGTH: 1576  words

DATELINE: New York



 Madison: State Bar of Wisconsin, The state of Wisconsin has issued the
following news release:



 We all recognize that the practice of law has become more national in scope;
for some firms, it's even international. With technology and the increasing
mobility of both clients and lawyers, geographic boundaries do not keep all
lawyers, or clients, in one state. That has been true for a long time now.





 The rules in almost all states allow lawyers to at least temporarily represent
clients in that state even if the lawyer is not licensed to practice law there.
Attorney David Russell of Hale, Skemp, Hanson, Skemp & Sleik, La Crosse, points
out, "I think it is becoming more common due to the ease of finding the law in
other states, and electronic filing. But you have to make sure your client knows
that you are not licensed there, and you may need local counsel."



 All that mobility and "globalization" in the business world and other facets of
our lives can sometimes cause problems for lawyers. In fact, lawyers may feel
pressured to expand their practices outside of the state or in areas of law
outside of their comfort zone to remain competitive. Representing clients in
need is what being a lawyer is all about, right?



 But Brian Anderson, claims counsel at Wisconsin Lawyers Mutual Insurance Co.
(WILMIC), says the number of out-of-state claims has increased in recent years,
in part because lawyers are taking on this work more frequently. "Looking back
at claims from 1994 to 2010, out-of-state claims were pretty infrequent - less
than 2 percent of all our claims. Since 2010, however, that percentage has more
than doubled. While they are still a small fraction of our total claims, they
now account for about 4 percent of our claims."

 Riskiest States



 What are the riskiest states for Wisconsin lawyers to work in? Anderson says,
"Florida has been the source of more than one-third of all our out-of-state
claims during the past five years. Estate planning work has been part of the
mix, but other areas of law have also produced some claims. It probably has more
to do with Wisconsin clients traveling to Florida or retiring there. Another
warm-climate state, California, has produced some of our out-of-state claims as
well. I would simply caution Wisconsin attorneys that if they are taking on some
work in those states, be very careful."



 Thomas J. Watson Thomas J. Watson, Marquette 2002, is senior vice president and
director of communications at Wisconsin Lawyers Mutual Insurance Co., Madison.



 Other states that have tripped up WILMIC policyholders historically, according
to Anderson, are closer to home. "Illinois, Minnesota, and Iowa account for most
of the rest of our out-of-state claims."



 Anderson says before committing to representing a client, you should ask
yourself if you are best suited to handle the case. "Consider limiting your
practice to states where you are admitted to practice." For example, a couple
who has a car accident in another state might ask their Wisconsin lawyer to
represent them in connection with their personal injury claims. Anderson says,
"If you decide to handle a client matter outside of your jurisdiction, it is
wise to associate with local counsel in the state where the accident arose from
the outset, to avoid encountering problems down the line."

 Referrals



 For many law firms, referrals are an important part of building and maintaining
a strong practice. It is common practice for lawyers to refer clients to other
attorneys who may be better suited to handle the case geographically. Some
lawyers, however, have learned the hard way that the act of merely "referring" a
case and agreeing to accept a fee for doing so can be enough for the referring
attorney to be held responsible for the mishandling of the case. The referring
lawyer can be the direct target of the malpractice claim.



 This can be especially troublesome when referring the case to a lawyer in
another state. Anderson says, "You have to keep in mind that if you refer your
client's case to another attorney or law firm for handling and you maintain a
fee interest in that case, you can be held responsible for the mishandling of
that case." He cites SCR 20:1.5(e), which states that each lawyer in a referral
case assumes the same ethical responsibility for the representation as if the
lawyers were partners in the same firm.



     Florida has been the source of more than one-third of all our out-of-state
claims during the past five years.



 In addition, Anderson says, "Your potential risk when you expect to be paid for
an out-of-state referral includes being named in a lawsuit and dragged into
court in the state where the accident occurred. This can be expensive, time
consuming, and very disruptive to your Wisconsin practice."



 Some states have reciprocity rules that work well with Wisconsin's ethics
rules. Others, however, are not so friendly to Wisconsin lawyers. Anderson says,
"In Florida, for example, they seem to work very hard at excluding out-of-state
lawyers from doing legal work there. Lawyers practicing in the areas of contract
law, corporation formations, real estate, and estate planning need to be
especially wary of the rules in states like that."



 Anderson adds that despite the temptation, it sometimes makes the most sense
for a firm, when referring a case to a law firm out of state, to give up fee
sharing. You may lose out on some revenue, but you also avoid liability if the
out-of-state firm mishandles the case.



 "While referrals can be lucrative, they also pose certain risks if not done
properly. Simply referring the case and leaving it to the firm to which you
referred it isn't enough - especially when you are talking about an out-of-state
case. You may be doing a disservice to the client and placing your firm at risk
of a claim. Since you will be held responsible for the manner in which the case
is handled, it would be prudent to stay involved to make sure the client is
receiving diligent representation."

 Potential Risks



 Careless selection of clients can blow up on you. If you are unfamiliar with
the other state's laws and procedural rules, it may be a good idea to decline
the case. Too often, lawyers take a case before they know all the facts or have
elicited all necessary information from the client.



 Minocqua attorney John Danner says his advice to lawyers is to pay attention to
the details and the state with which you are dealing. "Number one, be careful of
the rules of procedure in that state. You may not know them very well and that
can make a big difference in how effectively, or ineffectively, you represent
the client. Electronic filing rules may be different. Local court rules can be
different. Just as local rules can be different in Milwaukee for a Minocqua
lawyer like me, they are likely to be just as different or more so if I were
taking a case in Iowa."



     If you decide to handle a client matter outside of your jurisdiction, it is
wise to associate with local counsel in the state where the accident arose from
the outset.



 "Number two, you have to understand the different personalities of the lawyers
involved in the case. That's true no matter where you are handling a matter, but
you are likely even more unfamiliar with lawyers in another state with whom you
have never worked before."



 Danner says that years ago, he agreed to handle a divorce matter for an old
friend in another state but told her that he would help her only if the case
eventually settled. If not, he would refer her to a lawyer in that state who
could litigate the case for her. "I was not familiar enough with that state to
be comfortable taking the case to trial."



 Jumping into a case without all the facts is a mistake and can be costly. And
part of knowing the facts of the case is understanding the jurisdiction in which
the matter resides. "Always do the research first and take the case second,"
says Anderson.

 Checklists



 Sometimes it makes sense for a lawyer to go through a checklist of sorts before
committing to representing a client in another state. Russell says he considers
a set of questions and risks before taking on an out-of-state client. "Can I
legally and ethically represent someone in a state where I am not licensed?
Should I have co-counsel in that state? After explaining these issues to the
client, is my representation still desired?"



 Russell also says a lawyer should check the other state's specific laws. "What
is the statute of limitation? What are the pro hac vice requirements? In a
bankruptcy or financial distress situation, what are the exemptions allowed? Is
state law or federal law involved? I am comfortable handling Social Security
Disability hearings in other states, because it is the same stuff around the
country, although I try to call an attorney in the other jurisdiction to ask
about the preferences of the judges."



 Russell says, "I once helped a Wisconsin resident with a deed in lieu of
foreclosure for a property in another state, by checking the applicable statutes
and having opposing counsel draft the documents, which I reviewed and asked for
modifications. And I did not have to appear in court in the other state. I
stopped doing bankruptcy cases in Minnesota even though it's federal law because
it was an entirely different process and approach by trustees and judges."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

UNC System campus safety group recommends removing students from sex assault
hearings

LENGTH: 399  words


A University of North Carolina (UNC) System campus security group has
recommended that students be removed from campus sexual assault hearings.
The system's Campus Security Initiative released 36 recommendations to better
campus security and prevent crimes on school grounds last week, according to a
UNC System spokesperson. Among those recommendations, the group suggested
removing students from sexual assault panels. "Students should not serve on
student disciplinary hearing panels in cases involving sexual violence," the
group recommended in the detailed 120-page report. "Individuals who hear sexual
violence cases must have appropriate levels of experience and training."
The group also recommended that UNC "adopt a system policy on sexual harassment
and sexual violence." UNC-Chapel Hill is one of 64 schools currently being
investigated by the Office of Civil Rights for allegedly violating Title IX by
mishandling sexual assault cases.


The Campus Security Initiative group also recommended that every UNC campus
police department meet "baseline proficiency standards" and should increase the
salaries for public safety officers.
Former Elizabeth City State University (ECSU) Police Chief Same Beamon was
arrested in May after a yearlong State Bureau of Investigation search found that
he failed to properly investigate 78 reported crimes--including 12 sexual
assault cases.
The investigation and arrest led to the retirement of ECSU Chancellor Willie
Gilchrist and the firing of five of the 11-member campus police force.
According to a document provided to Campus Reform from a UNC System
spokesperson, this report isn't the first campus safety review and won't be the
last. The report listed "[d]oing more to prevent sexual violence and ensure
clear, trauma-informed responses, including prompt and fair student disciplinary
hearings" as one of the system's "most significant" goals.
The initiative also suggested the university do more to educate students on
alcohol and substance abuse in order to protect students from a variety of
crimes and health issues.
Colleges nationwide are under pressure by the federal government to crack down
on sexual assault cases. Multiple universities are facing lawsuits from students
regarding the mishandling of campus sexual assault cases, including from male
students who claim they were falsely accused of sexual assault.
 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             April 9, 2000, Sunday

CHEATHAM EMPLOYS DOUBLE STANDARD; VIEWPOINT

BYLINE: SAM CARDINALE The Ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 497 words


Call it the Carl Cheatham double standard.

Here he is, all ready to dish out discipline -- probably termination -- to Marie
and Brock Gainer.

They are both employed by the city's Leisure Services Department.

She's accused of misusing her authority as assistant to Director Bob Sheffield
for intervening on behalf of her husband and for mishandling records. He's
accused of using a city vehicle without permission and falsifying time cards.

There's no question they should go if evidence proves they violated policies.
Their leader and role model -- Bob Sheffield -- is so ethically challenged that
you can bet the Eyesore Dome there are irregularities in the way they did their
jobs.

Will Carl Cheatham do anything about it?

Yes and no.

Yes, he will discipline the Gainers, because Sheffield asked him to.

No, he won't do a thing about Sheffield, because they're buddies.

Does it matter that others in Leisure Services have done the same things the
Gainers have and then some as stated in evidence given during the Gainers'
ongoing hearing? Like mishandling cash collections. Like falsifying time cards.
Like going to buy Sheffield's boat on city time. Like admitting to lying about
going to buy Sheffield's boat during work hours.

Not to Carl Cheatham.

Does it matter that Sheffield -- who is paid more than $ 70,500 a year -- had
one of his city employees work on his kids' homework on city time and on city
equipment, which are paid for by taxpayers?

Not to Carl Cheatham.

Does it matter that Sheffield parked his boat at the Baseball Dome for six
months free of charge?

Not to Carl Cheatham.

Does it matter that Sheffield did all this after he was caught abusing his city
cell phone to make personal long-distance calls?

Not to Carl Cheatham.

Even after Sheffield was told to reimburse the city for the cell phone use, he
refused to make payment until former City Commissioner Bruce Parker raised a
fuss. Does it matter that Sheffield was warned in writing twice that supervisors
have to set a higher standard?

Not to Carl Cheatham.

Obviously not. Cheatham is the one who warned Sheffield to stop the shenanigans,
but allows them to continue.

"If supervisors violate these rules, other employees will use the conduct as
their example and the supervisor will lose the respect that his/her employees
have," Cheatham told Sheffield five years ago.

The Gainers claim they only did what Sheffield allowed to happen. That may be
accurate, but it's a weak defense.

If it can be proven the Gainers did wrong, they need to go.

Then Sheffield needs to lose his job for all his indiscretions and for allowing
the Gainers and other Leisure Services employees to violate city policy.

If Cheatham won't clean house, the City Commission needs to find a new city
manager.

If the discipline has to go higher for lack of response by the commission,
residents can do well by firing commissioners when their seats are placed on the
ballot.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Rubén Rosario: Playing catch-up with the stowaway boy and keepaway church

BYLINE: By Rubén Rosario

SECTION: RAMSEY COUNTY; Crime and Court Stories; West Metro; Ruben Rosario

LENGTH: 867 words




In the words of the immortal Jimmy Cannon, nobody asked me, but ...

I leave town for a while and all heck breaks loose in the Twin Cities. A
9-year-old Minneapolis boy evades airport security and winds up on a flight to
Sin City. Speaking of sin, the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Paul and
Minneapolis is once again in hot water and CYA mode over its mishandling of two
clergy sexual misconduct cases.

It's 10 p.m. Do you know where the TSA and your parents are?

Where to begin about an obviously smart and cunning kid who eluded airport
security checkpoints last week and boarded a Delta Airlines flight bound for Las
Vegas? Well, you start at home. This same kid had stolen a truck and rammed
several cars -- including an unmarked police cruiser -- during a brief police
chase a few days before the airport caper. If I did this, no doubt I would have
been unable to sit on my fanny for a few days or leave the house, except for
school.

Yet, according to published reports, his parents did not notify authorities that
their kid disappeared while taking out the trash the night before the airport
ruse. They surmised he went to a buddy's house. They found out his whereabouts
after Las Vegas police met the flight.

My 9-year-old is missing? Particularly after a stolen-truck joyride? I'm calling
the cops, the FBI, the NSA.

We can only hope his dad's televised after-the-fact pleas to get help for his
wayward son are genuine and real. It would be great to see this kid's energies
channeled in a positive way. If I were the TSA, I would hire this modern-day
Dennis the Menace as a security consultant, much like the FBI did with Frank
Abagnale, the infamous "Catch Me If You Can" check forger and con artist.
Abagnale posed as a commercial airlines pilot, a doctor and a Louisiana parish
prosecutor, of all things, before the law caught up with him.

Next time I have an itch to visit Las Vegas, I'm going to act like a 9-year-old
and try to blend in with a ticketed family through checkpoints. Hope the girth,
the goatee and the thinning hair won't give me away.

MEA CULPA, MEA CULPA

I also don't know where to begin with this latest scandal involving my church.
This stuff has been dominating headlines for decades. If not for courageous
victims and lawyers such as St. Paul's Jeff Anderson, we would still have church
officials transferring child predators from one parish to another and paying off
victims, accountable to no one but themselves.

Numerous panels have been formed at the local and national levels to come up
with policies and other steps to curb the sexual abuse of children and related
misconduct by members of the clergy.

So it saddens me again to read that in one case, top archdiocese officials never
contacted police and hid pornographic images found on a priest's laptop computer
for nearly a decade. In a letter written but never sent to the Vatican,
Archbishop John Nienstedt wrote about pornography that contained images and was
"borderline illegal due to the apparent age of those photographed."

But instead of lamenting the plight of those boys and others in the images,
Nienstedt instead expressed concern that "the images in the (priest's) personnel
file could expose the Archdiocese, as well as myself, to criminal prosecution."

In the other case, archdiocesan officials failed to contact police or inform
parishioners about child porn found in a computer belonging to the Rev. Curtis
Wehmeyer, former pastor of Blessed Sacrament Church in St. Paul. Also known but
kept secret was Wehmeyer's penchant for approaching men for sex at a bookstore
and cruising nearby parks known to police as hookup places.

This all was known before Wehmeyer was arrested, prosecuted and convicted of
molesting two boys in his parish. He is serving a five-year prison term.

DO THE RIGHT THING

All this makes Neinstedt's recent statement, following the public exposure of
the mishandlings, that the archdiocese's "standard is zero tolerance for sexual
abuse of a minor or vulnerable adult and absolute accountability," ring pretty
hollow.

To lessen the public relations damage, Nienstedt has formed an "independent"
panel to review or change existing policies on how to deal with such clergy
misconduct.

No more panels are needed. Do the right and moral thing. Child porn is a crime.
Call the cops. Priests with sexual compulsions or other errant behavior should
not be in public ministry or running churches. These scandals will keep
happening as long as church leaders continue to put the reputation of the
institution before the welfare and safety of children and vulnerable adults

But don't confuse a loss of public trust in the church hierarchy on this issue
with a loss of faith. The person Nienstedt selected as the next vicar general --
essentially the second-highest church official -- is the pastor of my church and
a holy man I admire and respect.

I took my son without hesitation to religion class last week. But as I said
before, I'm a practicing Catholic, but hardly one with blinders on. I keep one
eye on the Lord and the other on church officials.

That said, it's good to be back.

Rubén Rosario can be reached at 651-228-5454 or at rrosario@pioneerpress.com
Follow him on Twitter at @nycrican.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rubén Rosario (Pioneer Press: Ben Garvin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 27, 2004 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lost Evidence Is Found In Houston Crime Lab

BYLINE: By RALPH BLUMENTHAL; Maureen Balleza contributed reporting for this
article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 892 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON, Aug. 26


Internal police investigators looking into the already discredited Houston
police crime laboratory have found 280 boxes of lost evidence that include a
fetus and body parts and involve some 8,000 cases, including murders, going back
to the 1970's, the Houston police chief announced Thursday.

The unexpected disclosure by Chief Harold Hurtt that the items were found a year
ago, before his arrival, staggered defense lawyers and criminal justice
officials, who said they could not begin to assess the effect on an already
overworked criminal justice system.

The cases affected date from about 1979 to 1991, Chief Hurtt said. ''Some of
them are open cases, open murder cases,'' he said.

After his announcement, at downtown Police Headquarters, reporters were shown to
a 24th-floor office where cartons stacked from floor to ceiling were being
opened, emptied and cataloged by a half-dozen laboratory workers in face masks
and rubber gloves.

Chief Hurtt said it could take up to a year to sort out the material and match
it to inmates in prison or suspects in other cases. Some of the evidence, he
said, may be linked to the 379 cases in which prisoners convicted in Harris
County have requested the retesting of DNA evidence to establish their
innocence.

Chief Hurtt, who arrived from Phoenix in February with a mandate to clean house,
said the boxes, mislabeled with case numbers that did not reflect the evidence
workers had been ''shoveling'' inside, were found last August in a police
property room where they had been sent by the laboratory. He said that the
significance of the discovery had not been immediately recognized, that he had
been made aware of it only in April or May and that the inventorying of the
contents did not begin until last week.

Capt. Mark Curran of the inspections division said the items included ''a fetus
that had been tagged and brought back'' and ''some other body parts from
different homicide cases.''

Asked how the department could have lost track of so much evidence, Chief Hurtt
cited unnamed laboratory staff members and said, ''What we know right now has
happened because of poor work habits and sloppy efforts.'' The laboratory's
toxicology division, which tested DNA, blood and hair evidence, was shut down in
January 2003 after an audit found that technicians there were poorly trained,
kept shoddy records and misinterpreted data. One prisoner, Josiah Sutton,
convicted of rape at 16 in 1999, was released last year and pardoned after DNA
retesting showed the Houston crime laboratory's results implicating him had been
faulty.

The Harris County district attorney, Chuck Rosenthal, whose prosecutorial
district is the third-largest in the country, after those of Los Angeles and
Chicago, said his felony trial bureau and writs section took the news hard. ''I
thought they were going to cry,'' Mr. Rosenthal said.

Defense lawyers voiced amazement. ''This is in a league by itself,'' said Barry
Scheck, a defense lawyer and director of the Innocence Project, which represents
prisoners claiming to have been unfairly convicted. He called the mishandling of
evidence ''unparalleled in the Houston police lab's legacy of fraud,
incompetence and confusion.''

Earlier this month, the group attacked as faulty the testimony of the former
supervisor of the laboratory's DNA section, James Bolding, that sent a Houston
man, George Rodriquez, to prison for 17 years for rape. The real evidence, Mr.
Scheck said, pointed to another man.

Chief Hurtt, in a written statement Thursday, noted that Mr. Bolding had
''inappropriately documented'' property in another case. Mr. Bolding, who
resigned in June 2003 in the face of a recommendation by the chief at the time
that he be fired, did not respond to a telephone message left at his home.

Mayor Bill White, who took office this year succeeding Lee P. Brown, a former
New York City police commissioner and a three-term occupant of City Hall, called
the mishandling of evidence intolerable, adding, ''It's hard to get away from
the fact that sloppiness in anything of this matter is inexcusable.'' But he
said he had confidence in Chief Hurtt, whom he appointed.

Mr. White said that while no current prosecutions seemed affected by the
misplaced evidence, he was hopeful that the recovered evidence could establish
the innocence of wrongfully convicted prisoners.

Mr. Rosenthal, the district attorney, said that in some of the 379 cases in
which prisoners had filed for the retesting of DNA evidence that convicted them,
the police reported that the evidence had been destroyed or lost, and so
prosecutors told the courts that it was unavailable. Now, he said, his lawyers
may have to go back to court to say some of the evidence, if found, is available
after all.

Chief Hurtt said there were more questions than answers at this point. He said
he was in the process of hiring outside investigators and a project manager to
conduct the inquiry. ''We don't know what we have in these boxes,'' he said.

Asked if anyone should be held accountable, he said, ''If we need to conduct
further investigations, whether administrative or criminally, we will do that.''

Captain Curran said he and the chief were themselves astonished at the multitude
of boxes. ''Yes, they're bigger than I thought,'' he said, ''and the chief, when
he saw them, he said, 'Wow, they're big.'''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Evidence boxes that were lost and found, at Houston Police
Headquarters. The boxes were found a year ago, officials said, in a property
room. (Photographs by Michael Stravato for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 18, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Dismissal denied in espionage case

BYLINE: Laura Parker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 898 words

DATELINE: TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif.

TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. -- New questions emerged this week about the
military's investigation of a so-called spy ring at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as the
Air Force moved ahead to a court-martial of an airman accused of attempted
espionage.

Several issues -- from allegations of prosecutorial misconduct to accusations of
mishandling evidence -- were raised at a three-day hearing in the case of Senior
Airman Ahmad Al Halabi. The hearing ended Thursday. Al Halabi, a Syrian-born
U.S. citizen, worked as a translator at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo where
as many as 600 suspected al-Qaeda and Taliban operatives are being held. He is
accused of trying to deliver secret messages from prisoners to unknown
foreigners in Syria. He is also charged with lying to investigators and
disobeying orders.


The concerns didn't stop the judge in the case from denying a defense motion to
drop the 17 criminal charges against Al Halabi, and he is scheduled for
court-martial Sept. 14. But they do raise questions about the case against
Halabi and about suspected espionage at the prison camp.

The government already has dropped charges against Army Capt. James Yee, a
former Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo who was a target of the espionage
investigation. Prosecutors never produced any evidence that Yee was a spy, and
retired military legal officers accused the Army of overreaching in his case.
Prosecutors said they couldn't press charges against Yee without divulging
national secrets.

A civilian translator who worked at Guantanamo also has been charged with
possessing secret material.

Translated letters

Al Halabi, 25, worked for eight months at Guantanamo, translating letters mostly
to and from prisoners' relatives. He translated some of the letters into English
on his personal laptop computer, which he was asked to use when he arrived at
Guantanamo.

He was arrested in July in Florida as he began a trip to Syria for his wedding.
If convicted, he could face life in prison.

When he left the base in July, he had translations of 186 letters on the laptop
and was carrying two documents stamped "Secret." Investigators later found two
lists of cell rosters stamped "Secret," a drawing of the prison camp and other
materials in a box Al Halabi had mailed to himself.

Defense lawyers accused military prosecutors this week of withholding evidence
and investigators of mishandling the box that Al Halabi had mailed to himself. A
former prosecution witness who had contacted the defense testified that
investigators opened the box without gloves and without properly recording its
contents.

Suzan Sultan, a former Air Force translator, then described how investigators
attempted to cover up their mistake by repacking the box, putting on gloves and
reopening it. The investigators also broke out beer to celebrate their discovery
of the secret documents inside. On Thursday, defense lawyers asked the judge to
prohibit any testimony about the box at the court-martial.

The defense also argued that the military has been inconsistent and unclear in
classifying material as secret. Al Halabi has been charged with illegal
possession of the letters on his laptop because they are classified as secret.
But the defense disputes their classified status because they were mailed by the
Red Cross to the prisoners' relatives.

Ethics inquiry possible

The complaints came to a head when the defense asked that charges be dismissed
because of alleged misconduct by Air Force prosecutors. The judge, Col. Barbara
Brand, denied the request. Brand said she found that "mistakes had been made"
but did not find "any indication of malice" by prosecutors. She prohibited
defense lawyers from making any reference to prosecutorial misconduct at the
court-martial.

However, Brand took the unusual step of ordering prosecutors to turn over court
documents to superior officers, who will "coordinate" with a special review
board that oversees the professional conduct of Air Force legal officers. The
judge's move could lead to an ethics review by the Air Force's Legal Services
Agency, although she did not direct the agency to initiate one. She also warned
prosecutors that she expected "full and complete disclosure."

The precise nature of the case against Al Halabi has been obscured because most
of the details about it are classified as secret and have not been disclosed.
Unlike the defense, the prosecutors are not allowed to speak about the case
outside the courtroom. Likewise, the government's motions, including those
rebutting the defense allegations, are not being made public, although they are
part of the court file.

Col. John Kellogg, deputy staff judge advocate for the Air Mobility Command at
Scott Air Force Base in Illinois, who attended the hearing this week, explained
that the military cannot discuss the case until it is over to ensure "that the
entire court-martial process be completely fair to the accused and follow the
military legal rules."

But in court, prosecutors have argued passionately that Al Halabi jeopardized
national security and that earlier mistakes in the investigation have been
corrected. For example, they pointed out that they dropped one charge alleging
that Al Halabi had intended to pass secrets to unknown people in Qatar after
prosecutors learned the word "Qatar" had been erroneously translated.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP; Court-martial set for September:
Senior Airman Ahmad Al Halabi, a military translator, is escorted to a hearing
Jan. 13 at Travis Air Force Base in California.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             June 4, 2005 Saturday

Court censures Miller

BYLINE: Chris Moon Capital-Journal

SECTION: A; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 539 words


By Chris Moon

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

The Kansas Supreme Court on Friday formally rebuked Shawnee County Commissioner
Vic Miller for his work as a private attorney on an estate case.

The court publicly censured Miller for mishandling the estate case of a deceased
college friend, Howard Moses.

Miller had jurisdiction over the case for at least two years and ignored
repeated admonition from Shawnee County District Court to close the case,
according to court documents. He also repeatedly failed to appear in court and
eventually forced Moses' survivor, his mother, to hire her own attorney to get
answers from Miller. He wasn't accused of misappropriating money from the
estate.

In its ruling, the court agreed with the recommendation of the Office of the
Disciplinary Administrator, a watchdog arm of the Supreme Court, that Miller
should be publicly censured. A hearing panel had found Miller violated five
attorney conduct rules involving competence, diligence, communication,
expediting litigation and misconduct.

Miller earlier hadn't objected to the censure, which will be published in the
court's official record.

"I don't have a good explanation," Miller said Friday. "When you don't get your
work done, you don't get your work done. I'm not making any excuses."

The court offered some tough words for the Shawnee County commissioner, who has
been a lawyer since 1979. Miller is in his third term on the county commission
and is a former Topeka City Council member and state lawmaker.

"Ms. Moses, while mourning the death of her son, was forced to retain an
attorney in order to get her son's probate case completed," the court wrote.
"Because of (Miller's) misconduct, Ms. Moses did not receive life insurance
benefits for approximately a year after her son's passing."

And even with the help of another attorney, "It still took nearly three years to
complete the probate of a minimal asset case," the court wrote.

As a reason for leniency, the court noted Miller had an unnamed "personal
problem." The court, however, said it didn't know what the problem was, and
Miller wouldn't elaborate.

"I make no excuses," he said.

Miller and Howard Moses had been roommates at Emporia State University.

Before Moses' 2001 death, Miller was named executor of his will. But during the
next two years, court records show, Miller failed to close the estate despite
repeated urgings by the court and Moses' mother, Lorena Moses.

She had no comment Friday.

Her attorney, Craig McKinney, filed the original complaint against Miller. He
said attorneys are bound by their professional rules to report suspected ethical
violations.

In its final order, the Supreme Court noted Miller had been admonished twice in
the early 1990s for misconduct. The court also said Miller showed a pattern of
misconduct in his handling of the Moses estate.

The court said Miller "generally possesses a good character and reputation" and
had paid $3,551.32 in attorney fees to Moses' mother. The court also said Miller
"expressed genuine remorse."

Chris Moon can be reached at (785) 233-7470 or chris.moon@cjonline.com.

Miller: Unnamed 'personal problem' noted by court

Please see MILLER, Page 9A

Continued from Page 8A

Vic Miller

was censured for mishandling a deceased friend's estate case

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 21, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Friends Rally Support for Los Alamos Scientist

BYLINE: By WILLIAM J. BROAD

SECTION: Section F; Page 1; Column 2; Science Desk

LENGTH: 1719 words

DATELINE: LOS ALAMOS, N.M., Dec. 17


Jean Marshall has lived next door to Wen Ho Lee for nearly two decades. They
raised their children together in a neighborhood of modest homes, just around
the corner from the Pinon elementary school and its playground. In this
middle-class town of soccer moms and hydrogen bombs, they were more than
neighbors. Mrs. Marshall develops computer codes for the X Division of the
nuclear weapons lab here, where Dr. Lee also worked before he was fired in March
for security violations.

Last week, after Dr. Lee was indicted on 59 counts of mishandling atomic
secrets, Mrs. Marshall traveled with her husband down a winding mountain road to
Albuquerque and testified on Dr. Lee's behalf before a crowded federal
courtroom.

Mrs. Marshall portrayed Dr. Lee as a devoted father, a kind neighbor and a
compassionate man. When federal agents began monitoring his movements around the
clock, she said, he told her he did not mind when they followed him to his
favorite fishing spots, because it gave them much-needed breaks.

"He never fails to come out and chat," Mrs. Marshall said. "He always brightens
my day."

She dismissed the idea that Dr. Lee, an American scientist of Taiwanese birth,
might flee the country if released on bail, and frowned as the judge ordered him
held behind bars pending trial, which might be as much as a year away. At worst,
his alleged wrongdoings are punishable by life in prison.

A chill has descended on Los Alamos and its suburb White Rock, a mountaintop
community of 18,000 people whose lives revolve around the weapons lab, the
birthplace of the bomb and the main guardian of the nation's nuclear secrets.

Dr. Lee was arrested on Dec. 10 at his home in White Rock after nearly five
years of federal investigations concerning Chinese atomic espionage. Whether he
is innocent or guilty of mishandling secret data, many people here expressed
shock at the implication -- for which there is no formal charge -- that he was a
spy. A few, like Mrs. Marshall, are speaking out in support of Dr. Lee.

"People who have worked with him or know him and his family almost uniformly say
he could not have been a spy," Dr. Ralph R. Stevens, a scientist at the weapons
lab, said in an interview after going to Albuquerque as part of a crowd of Lee
supporters. He said his four children grew up with the Lee children, playing and
studying together.

"It appears he has violated security rules, and that is a very serious offense,"
Dr. Stevens said. "But the way that the whole situation was handled, there's
been character assassination."

He added, "It's a very unhappy situation."

Federal prosecutors say that Dr. Lee in 1993, 1994 and 1997 downloaded from lab
computers a trove of weapons secrets onto 10 tapes, and that 7 of them are
missing. If they fell into enemy hands, they could be extremely dangerous to
American security.

Dr. Lee has admitted downloading some data, but has said he did so for innocent
reasons. His lawyers say that the missing tapes were destroyed. Whatever the
truth, the case has thrown into turmoil the Los Alamos National Laboratory,
which meanders over more than 43 square miles of mesas and canyons here.

Dr. Jerry B. Wilhelmy, a senior scientist, told a public forum last Tuesday that
foreigners are starting to shun the weapons lab, both as a place to visit or to
work, threatening to isolate its 10,000 experts from the global scientific
community. "They'll say, 'It's a scary place. They're putting people away for
life for making some security mistake,' " Dr. Wilhelmy said.

Dr. Stephen M. Younger, head of the nuclear weapons program at the lab, told the
federal court that Dr. Lee's downloading of weapon secrets was extremely
unusual. American officials have good reason to be wary, he said. "The country
has given us a sacred trust to protect this information and we are concerned
that this trust may have been violated," he said. "That worries us a lot."

Beginning nearly five years ago, Dr. Lee became a focus of federal suspicion
after intelligence analysts here found clues that China had stolen top American
nuclear secrets, including the design of the W-88, the nation's most modern
warhead. The analysts reasoned that the theft of the W-88 material took place
between 1984 and 1988 -- long before Dr. Lee began the downloading he has
acknowledged.

Dr. Lee was never charged with spying and denied all wrongdoing but was fired
from Los Alamos in March for security violations centering on his computer usage
and failure to report foreign contacts.

This fall, federal investigators said they had erred in focusing too narrowly on
Los Alamos and Dr. Lee, and vowed to redo the inquiry, with some Justice
Department officials reportedly arguing that the espionage case against him was
too weak to prosecute. But on Dec. 10, Dr. Lee was arrested and charged in
Federal District Court in Albuquerque with security violations. A bail hearing
was held Monday, Dec. 13.

There, federal prosecutors said Dr. Lee had downloaded vast amounts of data from
classified to unclassified parts of lab's computer network, and then loaded the
cache onto portable computer tapes. Investigators said they could find no
similar actions among lab workers.

Robert Messemer, an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, said the
scientist was also a flight risk. After being notified in the early 1990's that
he might be laid off from Los Alamos, Dr. Lee, he said, had sought jobs in
Switzerland, Germany, Singapore, Taiwan and Hong Kong.

Dr. Lee's lawyers, Mark Holscher of Los Angeles and John Cline of Albuquerque,
argued that the defendant was a loyal American who had done nothing untoward.
The downloading, Mr. Holscher said, was not selective and sinister. He said it
included large amounts of unclassified data mixed in with the weapons secrets.
He suggested that other lab employees did likewise when they failed to put
secret materials back into safes.

Mr. Holscher repeatedly asked Mr. Messemer if the government had any evidence
that the missing data had ever left Los Alamos, or had fallen into unfriendly
hands. None was offered.

The missing tapes, Mr. Holscher said, had been destroyed, but he offered no
details of when, where or by whom, nor any evidence to back up the claim of
destruction.

The judge nonetheless ruled that Dr. Lee's potential access to the missing
secrets was a "clear and present danger to the United States." He ordered that
the scientist remain in custody awaiting trial, which defense lawyers said might
be a year or more away.

After Dr. Lee was led away, a group of Los Alamos neighbors crowded around his
wife, Sylvia, and his daughter, Alberta, hugging them and showering them with
dinner invitations and other offers of support. Outside the courtroom, Cecilia
Chang, a friend of the Lee family who is organizing a legal defense fund, said
that Dr. Lee was the victim of selective prosecution.

"Lots of cars go over 60 miles per hour," she said, "but this is like ticketing
just one because the driver had a Chinese face."

Later, Ms. Chang announced that a support group for the jailed man had been
formed in New Mexico. "It is clear to many of us in New Mexico that Wen Ho Lee
is a victim of hysteria and political vengeance," the group's head, Patricia
Wolff of Santa Fe, said in a statement. "We will not stand idly by while the
government scapegoats and sacrifices Dr. Lee on the altar of nuclear weapons
secrecy."

Dr. Stephen Schwartz, publisher of the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists, a leading
nuclear journal, said that "many other scientists at Los Alamos and elsewhere
have routinely violated those regulations," and that if Dr. Lee were charged
with a downloading crime "they'd probably have to go out and cite several
hundred other people at Los Alamos for the same thing."

Nowadays there is a lot of this kind of talk around the lab. One Los Alamos
expert said with a shrug that he knew of at least two people who had admitted to
Dr. Lee's type of downloading.

But Dr. Lee's defenders seem likely to have a hard time proving that the crime
is widespread, since public admissions of wrongdoing in theory could land a lab
worker in jail. People at the lab, speaking guardedly, said it was not unusual
for their colleagues to download secret data to unsecure computers. But none
could substantiate claims that the practice was common. And when pressed in
interviews, they became skittish and changed the subject.

"There's other people who know more," Henry N. Fisher, a retired Los Alamos
computer expert. But he declined to discuss the sensitive matter.

But prosecutors may face difficulties, too. Lab officials say archival data on
the detailed computer usage of employees goes back only a decade or so, blurring
the issue of whether Dr. Lee's actions were aberrant or unremarkable over the
half century of the lab's existence.

"If you go far enough back in time," said Dr. Richard P. Kendall, the lab's
director of computer security, "you can't reconstruct the past." The further
back, the fuzzier the reconstruction, he said.

The main way of tracking the computer use of individuals, Dr. Kendall said, is
the Network Anomaly Detection and Intrusion Reporter, known as Nadir, which
shadows users to make sure they are obeying the rules of the road. He said Los
Alamos installed Nadir in 1989, a decade or so after Dr. Lee began working at
the weapons lab. But only top security officials have access to the monitoring
data, and even the degree to which monitoring occurs is a laboratory secret.

Los Alamos, the city and lab, seem shaken in the wake of the case. "The
influence has been devastating," said Dr. Siegfried S. Hecker, director of the
weapons lab from 1986 to 1997, who works here as a senior scientist. "I've never
seen anything close to it."

Dr. Hecker, who has been rebuked by federal officials for failing to take more
aggressive action in the Lee case when he was director, said a rising tide of
overly zealous rules were throwing the lab into a tailspin.

Last month, a federal moratorium went into effect that bars new hiring of
scientists from potentially unfriendly countries like China, the rules put in
place because of espionage fears.

"We're doing what no foreign nation could to do to us," Dr. Hecker said. "We're
crippling ourselves."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sylvia Lee, left, the wife of the jailed scientist Dr. Wen Ho
Lee, and Dr. Lee's daughter, Alberta Lee. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 16, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

U.S. Probe Of Former CIA Chief Expands; Earlier Instances Of Mishandling Data
Are Alleged

David A. Vise; Vernon Loeb , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1102 words


John M. Deutch, who has admitted mishandling classified information while
serving as director of the CIA, is now under investigation for similar security
violations when he previously held high-level posts in the Defense Department,
according to confidential documents and officials familiar with the case.

Deutch allegedly used unsecured computers at home and his America Online account
to access classified defense information in the early to mid-1990s, the
documents, compiled as part of a Pentagon probe, show. The alleged violations
occurred before and after Deutch issued a February 1995 memo reminding Defense
Department employees that only "properly reviewed and cleared" information
should be placed on computer systems accessible to the public.

"We find his conduct in this regard particularly egregious in light of existing
DOD policy directives addressing the safeguarding of classified information," an
internal Pentagon memo said. "This situation was exacerbated because Dr. Deutch,
while serving as the [deputy secretary of defense], declined departmental
requests that he allow security systems to be installed in his residence.

"The evidence we obtained clearly establishes that Dr. Deutch failed to follow
even the most basic security precautions," the memo added.

Deutch's attorney, Terrence O'Donnell, did not return a telephone call for
comment yesterday.

Deutch served as defense undersecretary for acquisitions and technology from
April 1993 to March 1994, when he became deputy defense secretary, a job he held
until he was appointed CIA director in 1995. He left the CIA in December of the
following year.

Two days after Deutch retired from the CIA, agency computer personnel discovered
classified information stored on government computers at Deutch's home. After a
series of investigations, Deutch admitted the security breach, apologized for
violating CIA policy and was stripped of his security clearances.

Initially, the Justice Department decided not to prosecute Deutch. But earlier
this year, Attorney General Janet Reno decided to review the matter after
criticism that Deutch had received much more favorable treatment than former Los
Alamos nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee.

Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa), a member of the Judiciary Committee,
confirmed that the probe had been widened and challenged the Justice Department
to take a hard look at Deutch's alleged repeat violations.

"This is now a pattern," Grassley said. "Evidently, Mr. Deutch is a congenital
downloader of classified information. It will be interesting to see how the
Justice Department deals with this case, especially in light of the Wen Ho Lee
case."

Paul E. Coffey, the retired prosecutor tapped by Reno earlier this year to
review the matter, has been briefed on Deutch's alleged use of computers at
home, and has expanded his investigation to include Deutch's years at the
Pentagon.

Coffey has told Justice Department officials that he believes charges should be
brought against Deutch for improperly handling classified documents on unsecure
computers that were linked to the Internet, sources said.

Coffey's recommendation has not made its way from the Criminal Division to Reno,
who will make the decision on how to handle the case, sources said.

Generally, cases similar to Deutch's have not led to criminal charges but have
been handled through administrative sanctions. Reno recently declined to comment
specifically on Deutch's case.

There is no evidence that computer hackers or spies obtained classified
information as a result of Deutch's actions. It is not clear from the documents
precisely what kinds of information Deutch was working with. But among the
computer files were Deutch's daily journal, which included information on the
range of military operations for which he was responsible.

Some of the computers Deutch used were given away or sold by the Defense
Department as surplus property and ended up in various places, including a scrap
metal dealer in Baltimore and a university in Florida.

Senior advisers to Reno have expressed concern about the appearance of a double
standard when the Deutch case is compared with Lee's. The former Los Alamos
National Laboratory scientist, accused of 59 felony counts of downloading
nuclear secrets to unsecured computers and portable tapes, was released from
jail earlier this week after receiving an apology from a federal judge, who said
the Justice Department's handling of the case had "embarrassed our entire
nation."

Lee pleaded guilty to a single felony count of mishandling classified
information and agreed to cooperate with investigators by answering questions
about what happened to the tapes.

Deutch developed regular work habits at the Defense Department and the CIA that
led him to use a variety of unsecured computers at home while carrying computer
memory cards and disks in his shirt pocket, government documents show.

One unanswered question is the whereabouts of some floppy disks he used to store
classified military and intelligence data until he determined he needed more
memory space and transferred the information to larger personal computer memory
cards.

A probe by the CIA inspector general determined that Deutch had four of these
cards containing nearly 100,000 pages of information, including the daily
journal he kept.

Deutch used numerous government-owned Macintosh computers at his home in
Bethesda while serving in the high-level Defense Department posts, and several
of those recovered by investigators contained a "significant amount" of military
information, according to the documents. "Several witnesses told us that none of
the computers . . . were designated to store classified data," an internal
Defense Department memo said.

Deutch and his family members used government-owned computers at his home to
access his America Online account, according to government documents.

Deutch acknowledged to investigators that before becoming CIA director, he was
aware of the principle requiring physical separation of classified and
unclassified computers. However, Deutch said he believed that when he deleted a
document, the information was no longer recoverable and that his general
practice was to copy documents onto floppy disks and delete the initial file.

But computer experts told investigators that each time Deutch updated his
journal, his computer automatically created a temporary file that was stored on
the hard drive of the computer and would have been available to hackers when he
accessed the Internet via America Online.


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JULY 15, 2003 Tuesday JERSEY EDITION

Operator suspended over Oaklyn 911 call;
The call-taker did not dispatch police after a failed carjacking by three teens,
officials say.

BYLINE: Elisa Ung INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 372 words


Camden County officials have suspended an emergency dispatcher for mishandling a
911 call from a motorist who was stopped by three Oaklyn teenagers allegedly
about to start a killing rampage.

The motorist, Mathew Rich, said he called 911 after the three teens tried to
carjack him in front of the Oaklyn Public School on July 6. The teens were
arrested after Rich drove by the Oaklyn police department and flagged down an
officer.

Rich's call was never dispatched to Oaklyn police, Chief Christopher Ferrari
said yesterday.

County public-safety director Herbert Steelman would not say whether the call
was dispatched elsewhere.

"During our review of the 911 call, it was determined that the actions of the
call-taker were not par with our standard operating procedures," Steelman said.

Emergency operators are responsible for dispatching calls to the correct
municipality and determining the location if the caller is unsure, Steelman
said.

The operator, whose name was not released, was suspended Friday without pay and
with intent to dismiss, Steelman said.

Rich, 33, of Deptford, could not be reached yesterday. Last week, he said that,
after he had encountered the teenagers, "I got on my cell and called 911. I
don't know where I am, but I am going back to the police department and I'm
blowing through red lights."

Matthew Lovett, 18, of Oaklyn, and two juvenile suspects have been charged with
conspiracy to commit murder, carjacking, and illegal weapons possession. Lovett
is also charged with aggravated assault for allegedly pointing a gun at a police
officer.

The two juveniles are scheduled to be in court this morning for the first
hearing on whether they will be tried as adults.

In 2001, a Camden city police dispatcher was served with administrative charges
for mishandling a 911 call the night PATCO commuter Christine Lynn Eberle was
abducted and murdered. The dispatcher, Marie H. Cupparo, failed to send a police
car after receiving a call describing the abduction of a woman from the PATCO
High-Speed Line's Ferry Avenue station. Cupparo has since retired.

Contact staff writer Elisa Ung at 856-779-3997 or eung@phillynews.com.

Staff writer Dwight Ott contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 16, 2013 Thursday

West Valley narcotics officers have disciplinary history

LENGTH: 501  words


At the same time newly minted West Valley City narcotics detective Shaun Cowley
was being trained as an evidence custodian for his unit, the detective assigned
to teach him was being reprimanded for mishandling money.


According to a discipline letter released Wednesday by West Valley City police
in response to a public-records request, detective James Terrill was tasked with
instructing Cowley during a joint operation of the city's Neighborhood Narcotics
Unit (NNU) and the DEA's Metro Narcotics Task Force that netted two pounds of
methamphetamine on July 15, 2010.
Terrill was ordered not to count seized money because it would violate DEA
policy, which requires a bank to count currency. But Terrill decided to count
the $3,900 anyway, which meant the DEA couldn't seize it, according to the
letter written by his supervisor, Lt. John Coyle.
"When asked why you had counted the money, you responded that you and Detective
Cowley had made a 'side bet' on the amount and had 'nothing better to do,' "
Coyle wrote. "This act is egregious because you were counseled by several people
not to count the seized U.S. currency and yet you still chose to do so. You also
chose to count the seized U.S. currency in the presence of a new detective. You
had been entrusted to teach and mentor Detective Cowley in the responsibilities
of evidence custodian, not bend the rules for personal satisfaction."
The discipline records released Wednesday for several officers connected to the
now-disbanded NNU show multiple suspensions, mistakes in handling evidence, an
illegal search, an allegation of stolen money and repeated write-ups for
violations of department policy.
While Terrill, who has since left WVCPD, hasn't been linked to an ongoing
investigation involving the NNU, nine other officers - Cowley, Coyle, Sgt.
Michael Johnson, and detectives Ricardo Franco, Sean McCarthy, Rafael Frausto,
Chris Smith, Kevin Salmon and Barbara Lund - have been placed on paid
administrative leave.
Attorneys representing Cowley, Frausto, Franco and Johnson said Wednesday they
had no comment. None of the other five officers - or their legal representatives
- could immediately be reached on Wednesday.
The Salt Lake County District Attorney and the U.S. District Attorney for Utah
together have dismissed a total of 125 criminal cases linked to members of the
unit, which is the subject of local, state and federal probes investigating
allegations of corruption, mishandling evidence and booking evidence without
proper documentation, as well as the possibility of missing drugs and money. The
disciplinary records released Wednesday are not related to those investigations.

Several of the incidents included in the officers' disciplinary files involve
apparent problems with evidence handling.
Lund once got in trouble for accidentally leaving on top of her patrol vehicle
two pill bottles, marijuana and drug paraphernalia that were evidence in an
arrest she was making. She drove away, and the evidence fell off the car.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              August 12, 2000, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

A mishandling of justice

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 382 words



What does 17 years mean in the life of a human being? It is the time it takes to
grow up, the time it takes to raise a family, the time it takes to make a
career.

This is the time Larry Youngblood missed.

For 17 years Youngblood was punished for a crime he didn't commit. Only now new
DNA tests have exonerated him, proving he could not have been the man who
kidnapped and sodomized a 10-year-old boy from a carnival in October 1983.
Despite the child picking Youngblood out of a photo lineup, science proves the
boy implicated the wrong man.

No matter how you hold up this case, there is tragedy written on it. A boy's
victimization is followed by a man's injustice. But these personal traumas are
the least of the damage Youngblood's case has caused. Not only will he be
remembered as a man wrongly imprisoned, but his name will forever be connected
to a case that lowered the bar for evidence collection standards.

Twelve years ago the U.S. Supreme Court rejected Youngblood's assertion that his
due process rights were violated when police failed to properly refrigerate the
victim's semen-stained underwear, thereby destroying evidence that could have
exonerated him. By a 6-to-3 vote the court ruled that without evidence of bad
faith on the part of police, without showing police were purposely trying to
hide evidence of innocence, the mishandling of evidence was not a constitutional
violation.

An impassioned defense by Justice Harry Blackmun retorted: "The Constitution
requires that criminal defendants be provided with a fair trial, not merely a
"good faith' try at a fair trial." The dissenters, of course, were right. When
police incompetence denies the accused the opportunity to present a full
defense, his right to a fair trial has been compromised, especially when the
destroyed evidence would have revealed much about the true criminal's identity.

Youngblood's story is as old as the common law itself: Bad facts make bad law.
In 1988 six justices dispensed with principle in order to keep a man they
thought had commited a depraved act behind bars. Instead, their
ends-justifies-the-means justice landed an innocent man in prison for years and
gave police the green light to mishandle key evidence without consequence. A
story doesn't get much worse.


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 21, 2009 Monday

No charges filed against former evidence clerk

BYLINE: James Gilbert, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


Sep. 21--No charges were filed Monday against the former evidence technician for
the San Luis Police Department who was arrested recently for allegedly
mishandling evidence.

Esperanza Zambrano was arrested Wednesday for allegedly stealing approximately
180 grams of meth and nearly $3,000 from the agency's evidence room.

However, when she appeared in Somerton Justice Court on Monday, no felony
complaint was filed and the case against her was dismissed.

Chief Criminal Deputy Attorney Roger Nelson said although no complaint was filed
Monday, prosecutors asked for further investigation by the San Luis Police
Department, so it can make a determination as to whether to file a complaint at
a later time.

"When and if that follow-up is done, charges might be filed," Nelson said.
"Until then there probably won't be any charges."

Zambrano was arrested Wednesday and was booked that same evening into the Yuma
County jail on charges of possession or use of a dangerous drug, theft, and
fraudulent schemes and artifices.

However, when Zambrano made her initial appearance in Somerton Justice Court the
following day, Justice of the Peace Jorge Lozano had to release her.

Zambrano, who was arrested at her Yuma home at about 8 a.m., did not make her
initial appearance in court until 11 a.m. the next day, which was 27 hours after
her arrest.

Under a provision in the state law -- specifically 4.1 of the Rules of Criminal
Procedure -- anyone arrested must been brought before a judge "without
unnecessary delay," within 24 hours of their arrest. If they are not, then they
are required to be released.

Although Zambrano did not appear within the required 24 hours, SLPD officials do
not think the department violated the provision. The police department explained
in a news release that its investigation was still ongoing and should have been
determined as a reasonable delay, because it was used to gather crucial evidence
and interview the suspect.

According to that news release San Luis detectives and officers, with assistance
from the Yuma County Narcotics Task Force, executed a search warrant at
Zambrano's residence Wednesday morning and she was subsequently taken into
custody.

After her arrest, police officers searched Zambrano's residence for evidence
against her, processed what they found and then took her back to the SLPD, all
of which took several hours.

Later, according to the news release, Zambrano was subjected to a thorough
interrogation, after which she was transported to a Yuma clinic where blood,
urine and hair samples were taken to determine if she had consumed drugs in
recent days.

Once that was done, Zambrano was returned to the SLPD before eventually being
taken to the Yuma County jail at about 6 p.m., which is where she remained until
she was brought to Somerton Justice Court the next day for her initial
appearance.

Zambrano was the evidence technician for SLPD until her resignation in December
2008. She started with the San Luis police as a communications officer in 2005
and was transferred over to the evidence room as part of a restructuring of the
department in 2007.

The arrest stems from the results of a monthlong investigation conducted by the
SLPD after accusations of the mishandling of stored evidence.

The SLPD claims that after Zambrano's abrupt departure from the agency, it was
discovered that potentially some of the evidence stored in the evidence room was
not disposed of properly.

It was also discovered that a small quantity of seized drug evidence could not
be located. A cursory inquiry revealed that a full-scale audit was necessary to
ensure the integrity of the evidence room and the evidence stored there.

After several months, the investigators were able to determine that
approximately $3,000 and approximately 180 grams of a dangerous drug were not
properly accounted for.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090921-YZ-No-charges-filed-against-former-evidence-clerk-0921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2009 The Sun


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     JULY 14, 2001 Saturday CITY-D EDITION

Judge says Montco is immune in E. coli suits

BYLINE: Lee Drutman INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 464 words


A Common Pleas Court judge has dismissed charges of negligence against
Montgomery County for allegedly mishandling last fall's E. coli outbreak at
Merrymead Farm in Worcester, saying that state law gives the county immunity in
such cases.

The charges arose in lawsuits filed by the families of Erin Jacobs, the
3-year-old Jeffersonville girl whose kidney failure was attributed to the E.
coli bacteria, and Alexis McGoldrick, the 4-year-old Palmyra, Burlington County,
girl who spent a month hospitalized for kidney problems after visiting the farm.
Erin Jacobs was also hospitalized and released. Both suits named the county
Health Department and Merrymead Farm Inc.

A total of 16 confirmed cases of E. coli and 45 probable cases were linked to
Merrymead last fall. Health officials suspect that the E. coli, which causes
bloody diarrhea and can lead to a complication that causes kidney failure, was
contracted when children petted farm animals there, then ingested the bacteria.

David Sternberg, who represents the McGoldricks, said he felt the judgment was
premature. "I would have liked to uncover a more comprehensive understanding of
the county's actions," he said.

In the decision, filed Thursday, Judge Richard Hodgson also ruled on preliminary
objections in a suit filed by the Sweeney family, whose 1-year-old daughter,
Shannon, and 2-year-old son, Michael, were sickened by the E. coli bacteria.

In all three cases, Hodgson denied Merrymead's request to throw out the entire
case because of a proposed lack of factual evidence linking the illness with
petting experiences at the farm.

On the same day in U.S. District Court, Judge Harvey Bartle 3d ruled that the
county was immune in two other Merrymead-related charges. He dismissed charges
of slander/libel and wrongful discharge filed by Kelly LaVerdure, the former
Montgomery County Health Department employee who was assailed for mishandling
the E. coli outbreak and fired publicly at a Nov. 30 news conference by
Commissioner Michael Marino. The suit named both Marino and the county.

The judge did agree to hear LaVerdure's other two complaints - that she was
denied due process in her firing and that the county acted in bad faith during
the grievance hearing. LaVerdure is seeking damages of as much as $1 million.

"We're pleased that the judge recognizes we have valid complaints," said
LaVerdure's attorney, Joseph O'Keefe.

But County Solicitor Steven T. O'Neill remained confident that the county and
Marino would prevail.

"When the facts come out, the county will be vindicated," he said. "She was
given due process required under the county handbook, and there was no violation
of any federal or state laws in her discharge."

Lee Drutman's e-mail address is ldrutman@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             April 30, 2007 Monday
                    F3 Edition; McHenry Edition; L2 Edition

Errors loom in Brown's trail Will investigators' missteps mean an O.J.-style
result in Brown's trial?

BYLINE: Stacy St. Clair, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1161 words


Law enforcement officials long have been accused of mishandling the Brown's
Chicken investigation - and the ongoing murder trial has done little to repair
that image.

From losing evidence to forgetting to take important hand prints, police errors
have given the defense ample ammunition. And as attorneys for Juan Luna, one of
two men charged with the 1993 slayings, continue to make their case this week,
those gaffes will remain in the spotlight.

"These are examples of incompetence," said Leonard Cavise, a professor at DePaul
University College of Law. "It's not the kind of thing you expect from a
21st-century police department."

Prosecutors allege Luna, a former Brown's employee, and his high school buddy
Jim Degorski killed seven people inside the Palatine chicken restaurant on Jan.
8, 1993. The men, who are being tried separately, have pleaded not guilty. If
convicted, both could face the death penalty.

Prosecutors and Palatine police officials cannot comment on the handling of the
case because of a court-imposed gag order.

Their own evidence, however, shows Luna was first questioned by police on Feb.
17, 1993. At the time, authorities were checking the alibis of many Brown's past
and present workers and taking their fingerprints so they could be ruled out as
suspects. By that point, an ex-employee had already been arrested - and cleared
- in connection with the murders.

Luna showed up at the police station wearing a white shirt and black tie, an
unusually formal outfit for the interview, police now say. Luna allegedly told
former Arlington Heights police Officer Ronald Sum, a member of a quickly
assembled police task force, that he spent the entire night of Jan. 8 with an
ex-girlfriend whose last name he could not remember.

Sum took Luna's fingerprints after the interview, but did not take his left palm
print. The police report indicates the interview and prints were done on
different days, though Sum testified that they most certainly would have
occurred during the same meeting.

Authorities now cannot find the original copy of that interview, though they
located the fingerprints and a Polaroid picture he took of Luna.

Under intense questioning from the defense, Sum said he wasn't instructed to
bring dubious alibis to investigators' attention. He was merely expected to file
the paperwork, he said.

Police would not question Luna about his bizarre explanation until 1995 - even
though a forensic scientist notified Palatine of the need for the missing palm
print two years earlier.

"I know I pointed it out," testified Jane Homeyer, who worked for the Northern
Illinois Police Crime Lab at the time of the murders. "I'm sure I would have
placed a personal phone call."

Police would not physically link Luna to the crime scene until 2002, but in the
late 1990s, two fingerprint experts from the Chicago Police Department said
another suspect matched the partial print found on a discarded napkin.

The two subsequently had their ruling overturned and lost their certification as
fingerprint experts, according to court testimony.

The forensics team also has endured accusations of mishandling the DNA found on
half-eaten chicken bones at the scene. In 1994, police sent the bones and a
coffee stirrer to a laboratory in the hopes of obtaining a profile of the person
they believe ate the last meal inside the restaurant.

The saliva sample, however, was too small at the time for testing. The scientist
threw out the lone tested bone, a stirrer and, most importantly, the DNA
extract.

"These are rookie mistakes," Cavise said. "They're inexcusable."

In 1995, police took the remaining bones to the Field Museum, where
law-enforcement officials acknowledge the evidence was handled by scientists who
didn't wear gloves.

Three years later, authorities sent the food remnants to the Illinois State
Police Crime Laboratory. Once there, a forensic scientist swabbed five bones and
found evidence of two people's DNA present. Prosecutors say Luna matches one of
the profiles.

The swabs were mailed back to authorities, according to testimony, but the key
physical evidence in the case was lost in transit.

"The DNA evidence wasn't handled properly," Cavise said. "It's important
evidence in the biggest case in Cook County history and you trust a third-party
to deliver it?"

Prosecutors, however, can downplay the majority of police errors, experts say,
because they have a videotaped statement in which Luna implicates himself.
Without that damning tape, experts say, state's attorneys could be looking at an
O.J. Simpson-style trial in which the jurors question the police work and return
a not guilty verdict.

Jurors tend to give less weight to physical evidence when an admission is
involved, Cavise said.

"They're lucky they have a confession or they could lose this case," Cavise
said.

Luna's statement, which the defense maintains was forced and thus wrongly
obtained, also means prosecutors won't have to spend a lot of time trying to
apologize or minimize the errors, experts say. Law professors, however, say they
should acknowledge the errors in some form before deliberations begin.

"I don't think the mistakes will have a big impact on the jury," said Richard
Kling, a professor at Chicago-Kent School of Law. "The prosecutors will have to
address some of the issues. If they're smart, they will."

The law-enforcement missteps, however, aren't limited to the early years of the
14-year-old investigation. During questioning last week, Cook County Judge
Vincent Michael Gaughan chastised a police officer who appeared to embellish his
account of a 2002 conversation with Luna.

Palatine Police Sgt. Bill King told the jury that he interviewed Luna in 2002
after Degorski's ex-girlfriend implicated him in the murders. During that
conversation, King testified, Luna said he had never returned to the restaurant
after quitting in June 1992.

Though it's a seemingly innocuous comment, it's a key detail for prosecutors who
want jurors to believe that Luna's DNA had to be left at the scene on the night
of the slayings and not during a friendly visit to see former co-workers days
earlier.

However, there's no documentation of that statement ever being made, according
to court records. After King made the claim, Gaughan hurriedly excused the jury
and criticized the sergeant on the record.

The judge gave King a warning and threatened to sanction him if he did something
like that again.

"The fact that you remember it ... years after the fact," Gaughan said, "is too
suspicious."

When the jurors returned to the courtroom, Gaughan told them to disregard the
statement because there's no documentation of it ever being made.

Though most of Gaughan's harsh words for King came outside the jury's earshot,
Cavise says some members will be able to figure out why they've been told to
ignore the comment.

"They can put two and two together," he said. "There will be at least one person
(on the jury) who understands what happened there."

Sstclair@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday
                                  City Edition

TRIAL BROUGHT TO LIGHT POSSIBLE MISHANDLING OF CASE BY ENID POLICE;
Acquittal brings relief to daughter, ire of others

BYLINE: VALLERY BROWN, Staff Writer<br>vbrownl@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: ENID


ENID - Rudarla Matlock said her father wasn't acquitted because police jumbled
the case - he was found not guilty because he isn't a murderer.

Rudarty Redbone Archilta Sr., 61, was jailed in July 2007 after the beating
deaths of 32-year-old Pamela LeClair and 56-year-old Beulah Hodges. The
roommates were found killed outside Hodges' home on the morning of July 18.

Archilta's trial on murder charges lasted less than a week, and Garfield County
Associate District Judge Tom Newby deliberated for about four hours before
delivering the not guilty verdicts on Dec. 10.

Matlock, 42, said she wasn't sure how the trial would go, but she said she knew
her father was not guilty.

Matlock said she spoke to her father days after he was arrested. He told her he
did not kill the women.

He also denied an offer from the district attorney's office for a plea bargain.

"He wouldn't take it because he didn't do it. He kept telling us that over and
over," Matlock said.

Oklahoma Indigent Defense System attorney Gary Henry told Matlock from the
beginning that forensic evidence didn't point to her father.

When it came to light that reports, notes and testimony of police officers were
inconsistent and pointed to possible mistakes made in the investigation, Matlock
said it was clear to her police were rushing to close the case.

"The police were trying to get a conviction any way they could. All of the
mishandling and wrongdoing is ridiculous," she said.

Matlock said it's a relief to have her father back home. But that relief is
tinged with the knowledge that the families of Hodges and LeClair will never get
them back and that justice has not been met.

She said she gets phone calls from the victims' family members who are angry her
father was set free. Other people in the community believe Archilta is guilty,
as well.

"All around, on both sides, we are innocent bystanders," Matlock said. "We are
the ones getting the backlash from this. I just hope they find the person who
did it."

Trula Smith, Hodges' sister, said she doesn't understand how the judge could let
Archilta go.

Smith lives in Ponca City and got news and updates about the trial from her
brother in Enid.

She said Hodges' five children are suffering the most.

"He was staying there with his girlfriend. He's the one who had the chance to do
it," Smith said about Archilta.

Smith said her sister worked hard and was in poor health before her death in
2007. She had difficulty getting around and at one time used a walker.

"But she let them stay with her," Smith said, referring to LeClair and Archilta.
"And then she ended up killed."

OSBI serves as neutral party in investigation of officers

Archilta spent nearly two and a half years at the Garfield County Detention
Facility before being released Dec. 10.

The day of his acquittal, Enid Police Department officials contacted the
Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation to look into how the case was handled by
two police captains who investigated the case and testified in court.

On Wednesday, Enid Police Department officials announced two officers had been
placed on administrative leave.

Department officials have refused to name the officers.

Jessica Brown, spokeswoman for OSBI, said it could take months to finish the
criminal investigation of the officers.

Law enforcement departments can call the agency to assist with investigations in
cases where it's beneficial to have a neutral party.

The results of the investigation will then be given to the district attorney
assigned to the case, and that office will decide whether criminal charges
should be filed.

Cathy Stocker, Garfield County District Attorney, said she would disqualify her
office from looking at the results of the investigation. Stocker is married to
Enid Police Chief Rick West.

Enid Police Department Capt. Jack Morris said the homicide investigation is not
closed, but no other angles currently are being investigated.

There have been no new interviews of potential suspects, he said.

"We will have a review of the case and see whether there are people to look at.
We will look to see if evidence points to any other suspects," Morris said.

The Oklahoman's Watchdog Team: Looking out for you. Go to NewsOK.com/watchdog.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rudarty Redbone Archilta Sr.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday
                                  City Edition

TRIAL BROUGHT TO LIGHT POSSIBLE MISHANDLING OF CASE BY ENID POLICE;
Acquittal brings relief to daughter, ire of others

BYLINE: VALLERY BROWN, Staff Writer<br>vbrownl@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: ENID


ENID - Rudarla Matlock said her father wasn't acquitted because police jumbled
the case - he was found not guilty because he isn't a murderer.

Rudarty Redbone Archilta Sr., 61, was jailed in July 2007 after the beating
deaths of 32-year-old Pamela LeClair and 56-year-old Beulah Hodges. The
roommates were found killed outside Hodges' home on the morning of July 18.

Archilta's trial on murder charges lasted less than a week, and Garfield County
Associate District Judge Tom Newby deliberated for about four hours before
delivering the not guilty verdicts on Dec. 10.

Matlock, 42, said she wasn't sure how the trial would go, but she said she knew
her father was not guilty.

Matlock said she spoke to her father days after he was arrested. He told her he
did not kill the women.

He also denied an offer from the district attorney's office for a plea bargain.

"He wouldn't take it because he didn't do it. He kept telling us that over and
over," Matlock said.

Oklahoma Indigent Defense System attorney Gary Henry told Matlock from the
beginning that forensic evidence didn't point to her father.

When it came to light that reports, notes and testimony of police officers were
inconsistent and pointed to possible mistakes made in the investigation, Matlock
said it was clear to her police were rushing to close the case.

"The police were trying to get a conviction any way they could. All of the
mishandling and wrongdoing is ridiculous," she said.

Matlock said it's a relief to have her father back home. But that relief is
tinged with the knowledge that the families of Hodges and LeClair will never get
them back and that justice has not been met.

She said she gets phone calls from the victims' family members who are angry her
father was set free. Other people in the community believe Archilta is guilty,
as well.

"All around, on both sides, we are innocent bystanders," Matlock said. "We are
the ones getting the backlash from this. I just hope they find the person who
did it."

Trula Smith, Hodges' sister, said she doesn't understand how the judge could let
Archilta go.

Smith lives in Ponca City and got news and updates about the trial from her
brother in Enid.

She said Hodges' five children are suffering the most.

"He was staying there with his girlfriend. He's the one who had the chance to do
it," Smith said about Archilta.

Smith said her sister worked hard and was in poor health before her death in
2007. She had difficulty getting around and at one time used a walker.

"But she let them stay with her," Smith said, referring to LeClair and Archilta.
"And then she ended up killed."

OSBI serves as neutral party in investigation of officers

Archilta spent nearly two and a half years at the Garfield County Detention
Facility before being released Dec. 10.

The day of his acquittal, Enid Police Department officials contacted the
Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation to look into how the case was handled by
two police captains who investigated the case and testified in court.

On Wednesday, Enid Police Department officials announced two officers had been
placed on administrative leave.

Department officials have refused to name the officers.

Jessica Brown, spokeswoman for OSBI, said it could take months to finish the
criminal investigation of the officers.

Law enforcement departments can call the agency to assist with investigations in
cases where it's beneficial to have a neutral party.

The results of the investigation will then be given to the district attorney
assigned to the case, and that office will decide whether criminal charges
should be filed.

Cathy Stocker, Garfield County District Attorney, said she would disqualify her
office from looking at the results of the investigation. Stocker is married to
Enid Police Chief Rick West.

Enid Police Department Capt. Jack Morris said the homicide investigation is not
closed, but no other angles currently are being investigated.

There have been no new interviews of potential suspects, he said.

"We will have a review of the case and see whether there are people to look at.
We will look to see if evidence points to any other suspects," Morris said.

The Oklahoman's Watchdog Team: Looking out for you. Go to NewsOK.com/watchdog.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rudarty Redbone Archilta Sr.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            July 23, 2008 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Judge appoints two lawyers to decide merits of e-mail case Nixon has accused
governor of mishandling e-mails.

BYLINE: By Jo Mannies post-dispatch political correspondent

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 408 words


A bipartisan duo of lawyers from Mexico, Mo., has been charged with determining
what happens to a lawsuit over e-mails filed against Gov. Matt Blunt.

On Tuesday, Cole County Circuit Judge Richard Callahan issued an order naming
the two lawyers - Joe Maxwell and Louis Leonatti- as "special assistant
attorneys general" who will review the suit and decide whether to go forward
with it.

Maxwell, a Democrat, is a former lieutenant governor and state legislator with
strong ties to party leaders past and present. He got his start working for
former U.S. Rep. Richard Gephardt, D-Mo.

Leonatti, a Republican, is close to Sen. Christopher "Kit" Bond, R-Mo., and was
nominated for a federal judgeship by then-President George Bush. The appointment
died when Bush lost his re-election bid in 1992 to Bill Clinton.

Callahan's order said that Maxwell and Leonatti will have until Aug. 26 to
decide whether to revise or replace a suit filed by a special investigation team
set up by Attorney General Jay Nixon to probe whether Blunt or his staff were
mishandling e-mails that needed to be preserved under state open-records and
record-retention laws.

If the lawyers fail to act, the suit will be tossed out.

Neither lawyer could be reached for comment Tuesday.

Callahan had ruled several weeks ago that the members of Nixon's investigative
team had no legal standing to file the suit. By virtue of their appointments,
Maxwell and Leonatti will have the standing.

The team went to court in May when Blunt's office declined to comply with most
of the team's open-records requests. Blunt's private lawyer has said that some
of the thousands of e-mails or backup tapes might be available if the team pays
$540,940 to cover the costs of staff time.

The suit seeks all of the requested records at no cost.

Blunt and his staff have contended that the suit was politically motivated by
Nixon, a Democrat running for governor. Nixon says the court fight has nothing
to do with politics and centers on the importance of preserving public records.

The suit is in addition to another lawsuit filed last winter by a former staff
lawyer to Blunt, Scott Eckersley. He alleges he was fired after warning Blunt's
staff that some office e-mails were being improperly destroyed, when they needed
to be preserved.

Eckersley and his lawyers were interviewed by the investigative team.

---

Get more

STLtoday.com/abuse Read our earlier series on centers for the mentally ill and
mentally retarded.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 27, 2001 Monday
                                 Final Edition

More Blunders by FBI In Lee Probe Detailed

BYLINE: Dan Eggen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1639 words


The FBI's investigation of Wen Ho Lee was more seriously bungled than officials
have previously disclosed, with inept agents making amateurish mistakes and
ignoring orders to consider other suspects, according to an unreleased portion
of a classified Justice Department report.

The 166-page chapter, part of a larger report on the Lee probe, outlines a
succession of blunders, misjudgments and faulty assumptions by the FBI that
contributed to the government's shoddy investigation of the former Los Alamos
National Laboratory scientist. Lee was suspected of giving nuclear secrets to
China. Inattentive FBI supervisors in Washington compounded the problem by
failing to correct the mistakes or to keep the investigation on track.

The chapter says FBI Director Louis J. Freeh was not kept informed of the case's
shortcomings, including problems with the investigation in New Mexico and
disagreement among government experts over the seriousness of the suspected
security loss.

"This investigation was a paradigm of how not to manage and work an important
counterintelligence case," says the report, written by federal prosecutor Randy
I. Bellows.

If Lee was a spy, Bellows concludes, the FBI let him get away. If he was not,
the bureau blew repeated opportunities to consider other options -- including
the possibility that nuclear weapons secrets were not obtained by the Chinese in
the first place.

Originally charged with 59 felony counts, Lee pleaded guilty in September to one
felony charge of mishandling classified information after the government's case
against him fell apart. He was not charged with espionage and has repeatedly
denied giving information to China.

Two other chapters of the exhaustive Bellows inquiry were released by the
government earlier this month. They faulted the FBI and the Energy Department
for their "slapdash" investigation. But the latest chapter, obtained by The
Washington Post with some sensitive information blacked out, underscores how
investigators botched the case. Among its revelations:

* Investigators in the FBI's Albuquerque office ignored an order from top FBI
officials in December 1997 to open inquiries into suspects other than Lee and
his wife, Sylvia. Those inquiries were not begun until 15 months later, after
Lee had been fired.

* The photocopying of the outside of Lee's mail, known as a "mail cover"
operation, was allowed to lapse for three months in 1997 because investigators
failed to file a routine renewal application.

* Most of the supervisors and agents on the case didn't bother to read or
question a flawed 1995 Energy Department report that Bellows called a "virtual
indictment" of Lee. That report was the basis for opening a full FBI
investigation.

When the new head of Albuquerque's FBI office finally read the report in
December 1998, he described it as a "piece of junk" that called into question
the entire probe.

* The agent in charge of the case for its first three years, from 1994 to 1997,
did not see the document obtained by the CIA that detailed what the Chinese knew
about the W-88 nuclear warhead, the weapon Lee was suspected of compromising.

* For years, the Lee probe was handled by solo agents who also investigated
robberies and other duties, and it was frequently ranked as the lowest
intelligence priority in the Albuquerque office. Top Washington officials also
were unaware that when two rookie agents were sent to Albuquerque to bolster the
Lee case in November 1996, they were assigned to other cases.

Several agents assigned to the probe were unqualified for the task, Bellows
found. One supervisor said working with the first agent was "like pushing a cart
with a dead donkey." Another supervisor called the second agent on the case "a
goddamn reject." Taken together, FBI Assistant Director Neil Gallagher told the
Bellows team, the first two agents to head the probe added up to "a third of an
agent."

The report by Bellows, an assistant U.S. attorney in Alexandria, is the
government's official account of the botched probe that led to Lee's nine-month
incarceration. The prosecution of the former Los Alamos scientist spawned
congressional hearings, civil lawsuits and a strong rebuke from the judge in the
case, who said the treatment of Lee "had embarrassed this entire nation."

Bellows's assessment is another in an extraordinary string of embarrassments for
the FBI this year, including the compromise of national security secrets by spy
Robert P. Hanssen; the FBI's failure to turn over thousands of pages of
documents to defense attorneys in the Oklahoma City bombing case; and the loss
of weapons and laptop computers by FBI agents. At least six reviews of FBI
conduct are underway.

FBI officials said the Bellows report, which was delivered to former attorney
general Janet Reno in May 2000, has formed the foundation for wide-ranging
reforms in the way the FBI and other U.S. intelligence agencies deal with
national security investigations. FBI spokesman John Collingwood also said the
bureau deserves criticism for its early mistakes in the Lee case.

"Clearly, when the institution turned its full attention to the case [in 1999]
as it should have from day one, the resources and expertise were in abundance,"
Collingwood said. "We should have done that earlier on."

Lee's attorney did not return a telephone message left for him Friday. Bellows
has not commented publicly on his report and could not be reached for comment.

For 4 1/2 years, Bellows wrote, the case "proceeded at a pace that can only be
described as languid, if not torpid," and "suffered from neglect, faulty
judgment, bad personnel choices, inept investigation and the inadequate
supervision of that inept investigation."

The chapter, which serves as the report's overview of the FBI's role in the Lee
case, also confirms and expands on many previously publicized missteps. These
include the failure to examine Lee's computer use despite waivers allowing the
FBI and the Energy Department to do so; the diversion of agents from the case;
and the failure to monitor two trips that Lee made to Taiwan in 1998.

Lee, a U.S. citizen born in Taiwan, was charged in December 1999 with 59 felony
counts of mishandling classified information and violating the Atomic Energy
Act, which could have brought a life sentence on conviction. After pleading
guilty to the charge of mishandling classified information, he was sentenced to
the time he had already served.

Lee ultimately acknowledged copying classified nuclear data onto portable
computer tapes and removing them from Los Alamos. Despite an intensive
debriefing by the FBI under the terms of his plea agreement, the tapes have
never been found. Lee has not publicly explained why he made them or what became
of them.

Lee is pursuing a civil lawsuit against the FBI and the departments of Energy
and Justice for violating his privacy by leaking his name as a suspect. He is
also sparring with the government to obtain clearances for the release of his
memoirs.

Because the 800-page Bellows report was completed in May 2000, when Lee was in
jail, it focuses largely on ways in which investigators failed to be aggressive
enough in pursuit of the case.

Nonetheless, Bellows also faults the FBI and the Energy Department for focusing
exclusively on Lee and ignoring the possibility that the alleged crime --
providing nuclear weapons secrets to China -- may never have occurred.

The FBI is not the only target of the critique. Another chapter of the report,
also obtained by The Post, faults the Justice Department's Office of
Intelligence Policy and Review for not granting the FBI a warrant to secretly
monitor Lee's computer -- although it says in hindsight that the bureau
misstated facts underlying the request.

Bellows also devotes chapters, including those already released, to criticism of
the Energy Department for being too quick to focus on Lee and his wife as
espionage suspects. The 1995 Energy report that prompted the FBI investigation,
Bellows wrote, included "misleading representations" that further sharpened the
focus on the Lees to the exclusion of others.

But much of the most withering criticism is aimed at the FBI, which conducted an
inquiry of Lee from April 1994 to November 1995 and launched a full-blown
investigation in May 1996. For the next three years, Bellows concludes, the
probe faltered and was often dormant because of the incompetence of the agents
assigned to it.

For extended periods, Bellows found, the investigation essentially ground to a
halt. An agent said he did nothing on the probe for several weeks because he was
working on other crime cases. In another instance, the investigation stalled for
four months in late 1997 while the Albuquerque office awaited instructions from
FBI headquarters.

Yet when the investigative plan finally arrived that December from Washington,
"they largely ignored it," Bellows found. One of the items was a mandatory
directive to open preliminary inquiries on other suspects, which did not happen
until March 1999.

These and other blunders went largely unnoticed by Freeh, Bellows found. The FBI
director was not briefed on the investigation until more than a year after it
began, and important decisions -- such as a 1996 memo requesting mail cover
authority -- were made by subordinates.

As a result, Bellows concludes, "the Attorney General received a written
briefing on the FBI's Wen Ho Lee investigation before the Director did."

After June 1997, Freeh got regular updates on the case but was not informed that
the Albuquerque office was, in the words of an FBI official, "screwing up and
sitting on a time bomb."

"By the time Director Freeh was finally briefed on the case, it was in trouble
and the prognosis for the case seemed grim," Bellows wrote. "So much had already
gone wrong."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 19, 2000, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

"RACIAL UNIFORM" ALONE SEEMS TO MAKE SOME PEOPLE SUSPECT

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B7

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



ASIAN-AMERICANS

A colleague of Japanese ancestry once told me that she often has been asked,
"You speak such good English. Where are you from?"

She answers truthfully, "St. Louis," and watches as they are momentarily
startled.

Is it so hard, she wonders, "to imagine that my family has been here for three
generations"?

Some people unfortunately still need an extra leap of the imagination to think
of Asian-Americans as "looking" American.

From at least the mid-1800s, when waves of Chinese worked the railroads or
Japanese farmed in California, prejudices toward Asian-Americans have run hot
and cold, from "model minority" to "yellow peril" and back again.

It is the residue of that long history that has spurred two scholarly
organizations to call for Asian-American scientists to boycott jobs at federal
laboratories in the wake of the arrest of Wen Ho Lee.

The Association for Asian American Studies issued its call in late May to
protest what it suspects is unfair treatment of Lee, a former government
scientist accused of mishandling nuclear secrets. In March, Asian Pacific
Americans in Higher Education, a California based group, issued a similar
boycott call.

The closer you look at the case, the more you begin to wonder. Why, for example,
is Wen Ho Lee jailed while former CIA head John Deutch is walking around free?

Both allegedly violated security laws by taking classified computer files home
and keeping them in unsecured locations. Neither man was charged with espionage,
although the news accounts alleged a "Chinese spy" when Lee was fired in March
of last year. After months of investigations, Lee was charged, not with spying,
but for mishandling classified information.

Some of the material Lee took home has remained missing. He claims he destroyed
it. Whether he did or not, the computer files at the heart of the case against
him were not given the crucial "secret" or "confidential" security
classifications, as the indictment against him alleges, until after he was fired
last year.

Lee has been held without bail since Dec. 10 in a New Mexico jail, where his
family says he is isolated from human contact for most of the day and night --
pretty rough treatment for a guy who has no criminal record or charges of spying
against him.

You have to wonder, why was Lee locked up, while Deutch was not? Is Lee so much
more dangerous? If so, why was he not charged with spying? Or was Lee "racially
profiled" because his ancestral nationality is the same as our new national
adversary? If so, it wouldn't be the first time that's happened in history.

"I think there has always been this perception of Asian Americans as
non-American, even after our families have been here for generations," Berkeley
ethnic studies professor Ron Takaki, said in a telephone interview. "Wen Ho Lee
is an American, but, nevertheless, he wears what has been called 'the racial
uniform,' like Japanese-Americans after Pearl Harbor."

Takaki's latest book, "Double Victory" (Little, Brown; 2000), is a multicultural
history of America in World War II.

After Pearl Harbor, President Franklin D. Roosevelt issued an executive order
that led to the uprooting and interning of more than 120,000 Japanese-descended
Americans. Significantly, no such order was issued to "intern" Americans of
German or Italian descent.

Four decades later, President Ronald Reagan signed a national apology and the
government paid up to $ 20,000 per person as a token of reparations.

Even so, I was astonished at the time to receive several letters from elderly
readers who still were insisting that Japanese-Americans posed enough of a
threat to national security to justify incarceration of them and their families.

"Today the racial perceptions are blending," said Frank Wu, associate professor
at Howard University Law School. "We are the model minority as a yellow peril.
Suddenly, in a new high-tech global economy, the fear is that Asian-Americans
will be the group that is on the rise."

Is Wu too paranoid? Maybe. But, then, as the old saying goes, even paranoids
have enemies.

At a time when government struggles to compete with the private sector to lure
the best and the brightest in science and technology, Energy Secretary Bill
Richardson has not been indifferent to Asian-American concerns. He has even
appointed a new ombudsman, Jeremy Wu, whose ancestry is Chinese.

I don't envy the new ombudsman. Washington's slickest spin doctors would have a
tough time warming up the chilly message sent by the government's treatment of
Wen Ho Lee.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             January 7, 2005 Friday

Arabic Translator To Enter Guilty Plea In Guantanamo Bay Documents Case

BYLINE: By JOSH GERSTEIN, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1111 words


A former Arabic translator at the American-run prison camp at Guantanamo Bay has
agreed to plead guilty to charges stemming from his alleged removal of
classified information from the base.

Ahmed Mehalba, 32, was arrested in September 2003 at Logan Airport in Boston as
he returned from a trip to Egypt. Authorities accused Mr. Mehalba, who was born
in Egypt and naturalized as an American citizen in 1999, of carrying a compact
disc containing 368 classified documents. A federal grand jury later charged him
with one count of retaining classified information without permission and two
counts of lying to a Customs agent about the matter.

Mr. Mehalba initially pleaded not guilty to the charges. However, his attorneys
confirmed this week that he is scheduled to change his plea Monday afternoon in
federal court in Boston.

"It's docketed as a change-of-plea hearing," said an attorney for Mr. Mehalba,
Michael Andrews.

Mr. Andrews declined to say exactly what charges his client would plead guilty
to or what concessions the government had offered. "Usually people don't plead
without getting some kind of benefit," the lawyer observed.

A spokeswoman for the prosecutors declined to comment on the development.

Mr. Mehalba's guilty plea could mark the final chapter in a high-profile
investigation into a possible espionage ring at Guantanamo Bay, an American
military installation that houses hundreds of prisoners captured as part of the
war on terror.

In July 2003, military investigators arrested an Air Force supply clerk who
worked as an Arabic translator at Guantanamo, Senior Airman Ahmad Al Halabi. He
was charged with attempted espionage, possibly for Syria, and was also accused
of removing classified detainee rosters and letters from the base.

In September 2003, a Muslim chaplain at Guantanamo, Army Captain James Yousef
Yee, was arrested. The military initially told him he was being held on
suspicion of espionage or treason. Eventually, Captain Yee was charged with
lesser crimes, including mishandling classified documents and disobeying orders.

Mr. Mehalba, who worked at Guantanamo as a contract linguist provided byTitan
Corporation, was never charged with espionage, but one of the prosecutors who
has filed briefs in his case is from the Justice Department's counterespionage
section. Mr. Mehalba worked at the base for about eight months before he was
detained in Boston.

All of the men denied wrongdoing.

The string of arrests involving Muslims who worshipped together at Guantanamo
raised fears of a grave security breach at the base. Commanders ordered an
immediate review of security procedures at the facility.

Over time, however, the cases against the men fizzled. Captain Yee was charged
with adultery and storing pornography on a government computer. A hearing about
a sexual affair he allegedly engaged in at Guantanamo led to a bizarre public
confrontation between his alleged mistress and his wife outside a military
courtroom. No evidence of espionage was produced. Citing concerns about
disclosures of sensitive security information as the case proceeded, the
military ultimately dropped all charges against Captain Yee and he agreed to
leave the Army.

Days before Al Halabi's court martial was to begin, prosecutors disclosed that
military classification experts had determined that only one of the documents he
removed from the base was actually classified. Defense attorneys also found a
witness who said that investigators drank beer and staged photographs as they
handled key evidence in the case.

Last September, Al Halabi pleaded guilty to mishandling classified materials,
taking photographs in violation of orders, and lying to investigators. He was
given a bad-conduct discharge from the military. The initial espionage charges,
which could have brought him life in prison, were dropped.

Mr. Mehalba's arrest also drew considerable attention. News reports noted that
he once applied, unsuccessfully, for a security guard job at the same airport
where he was arrested.

He also worked as a cab driver in Boston, like a number of Islamic radicals who
have been suspected of links to terrorism.

While those facts seemed suspicious, some observers said it was doubtful that
someone engaged in espionage for radicals abroad would try to smuggle secrets
into America. Mr. Mehalba's attorneys also produced glowing recommendations he
received for his work at Guantanamo. His lawyers said his journey to Egypt was
to visit family. He met a woman during the trip and married her, they said.

After the initial flurry of coverage, Mr. Mehalba's case lumbered on without
much drama and with little attention from the press. He has spent more than 15
months in custody awaiting trial. His attorneys have repeatedly asked that he be
released into a halfway house. A federal magistrate and judge have rejected
those requests.

Even if Mr. Mehalba's guilty plea is accepted on Monday, and he gets no
additional prison term, he will have served more jail time than any other
American accused of Guantanamo-related misconduct.

Prosecutors have never publicly described in detail the classified information
Mr. Mehalba allegedly had among the compact disks in his luggage. However, in a
ruling last September denying Mr. Mehalba's release, Judge Douglas Woodlock
wrote, "It should have been apparent the materials were plainly not properly the
subject of transport or handling in the fashion that the defendant is alleged to
have undertaken."

Because of personnel shortages, some linguists were sent to Guantanamo before
their background checks were complete. Military officials said the
short-circuiting of the clearance process may have contributed to some of the
security breaches.

Defense attorneys have accused the military of mounting a witch-hunt against
Guantanamo personnel who raised concerns about the treatment of detainees.
Islamic groups have also alleged that Muslims were targeted for special scrutiny
by their superiors. Spokespeople for the Pentagon have denied those claims.

Soon after the initial publicity about a suspected spy ring at Guantanamo, the
military charged a non-Muslim Army intelligence reservist, Army Colonel Jackie
Farr, with mishandling classified information and making a false statement to
investigators. Last August, a commander dropped the criminal case and quietly
meted out an administrative punishment to Colonel Farr, who was a top
interrogator at the base. Officials have declined to describe his punishment in
detail.

Earlier this week, the military announced it has opened a formal investigation
into another type of alleged misconduct at Guantanamo: the reported abuse of
prisoners by American military personnel.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind., Jerry Davich column

BYLINE: Jerry Davich, Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1060 words


Jan. 11--"America loves a winner, and will not tolerate a loser." ~ Gen. George
Patton

Last fall, as the college football season got rolling, the NCAA took
unprecedented action by lifting sanctions and restoring scholarships to the Penn
State University football program.

Like me, you may have missed or forgotten this eye-rolling news amid scathing
reports about the NFL's domestic violence problems with high-profile players.
Admittedly, it's hard to keep up with all the off-field news involving crimes in
the sports world.

In 2011, Penn State's Board of Trustees' Special Investigations Task Force
appointed former FBI director and federal judge Louis Freeh to conduct an
independent investigation into the allegations of sexual abuse committed by
former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky.

A year later, the Freeh Group released its report, found online at
http://progress.psu.edu/the-freeh-report. It's old news but still a fascinating
peek at Penn State's dirtiest laundry in a locker room of shame and enabling.

The NCAA's sanction-lifting action last fall came after another positive report
and favorable recommendation by Sen. George Mitchell, who served as an
independent, third-party "athletics integrity monitor" for Penn State. He
publicly praised the school's "groundbreaking work" and "strong commitment to
restore integrity" over the past year.

Penn State officials and legions of supporters were overjoyed. Football is back.
Game on.

"Sen. Mitchell's report and recommendations, along with the actions taken by the
NCAA today, are a recognition of the hard work of many over the past two years
to make Penn State a stronger institution," President Eric Barron said in
September.

Obviously, he wanted nothing more than to close that sad chapter in the
university's yearbook and begin writing a new legacy for the school's fabled
football program.

On that day, the governing body of college football lifted sanctions that were
placed on Penn State, deeming the school eligible again for bowl games, which
serve as the pinnacle for college football programs, coaches and players.

"For the sake of comparison, those same fines, vacated victories and postseason
bans have been levied in the past for an overzealous alumnus giving money to a
star player," said Kevin Reisinger, a sports-loving reader who reminded me of
the lifted sanctions.

Penn State, if you recall, was punished for something much more scandalous and
sinful: Its mishandling of the Sandusky child sex abuse scandal. Even as I write
the word "mishandling" I realize it's not the correct word to describe the
reprehensible actions of certain school officials. This includes famed coach Joe
Paterno, who was treated like a demigod at that campus for decades.

They didn't merely look the other way as Sandusky, a former defensive
coordinator, sexually abused God only knows how many boys he met through his
charity organization. They purposely didn't report the locker-room abuse and
allowed it to continue to protect the integrity and legacy of the program. So
much for that, huh?

Sandusky was rightly convicted for his crimes and is now serving a 30- to
60-year prison term. The school, though, has been allowed to escape from its
incarceration of punitive sanctions, much to the delight of its purple
Kool-Aid-drinking fan base.

"Joe Paterno! Joe Paterno!" PSU students and supporters yelled on campus after
the announcement last fall.

They also chanted, "Where's the statue?!" referring to the removal of the former
coach's statue. And, "409!" referring to his original win total before the
sanctions slashed it. Keep in mind that the word "fans" is shorthand for
fanatics, and college football fans are among the most fanatical of any kind.

You can witness this again tonight -- for the last time this season -- when Ohio
State plays Oregon for the first-ever playoff national championship game. The
winner will be hailed as the best team in college football and, as you know,
winning is everything.

This was the underlying motivation behind Penn State's collective concealment of
Sandusky's horrendous crimes through many years. And for lying to authorities
about what they knew, what they saw, what they heard. Everyone loves a winner in
this country, at whatever cost, even if it means a coverup to the raping of
helpless boys.

Does that sound harsh? Sorry, but I think raping boys (and girls) is harsh.

Give me a P! Give me an S! Give me a U! What does it spell? Guilty, of course.
And most Americans agreed after they heard what Sandusky did and how PSU
officials swept it under the carpet. This included the university's former
president, vice president and athletic director. And Paterno, who died in 2012.

Time, however, has a way of softening our outrage, diluting our concept of
justice and fostering our mutual amnesia. Sandusky is in prison until he dies,
those top school officials face court trials soon, and Paterno is dead. Justice
has been served, right?

Possibly. But what about the bigger picture here? What about the NCAA doing
something it has never done before -- rescinded sanctions imposed against a
university?

Is this the proper case to set that precedent? No. Do I blame the NCAA? No.

I blame us, the fans who care about little else than the cult of worshipping our
glorified 21st century gladiators. The NCAA is giving us what we want. What we
value.

"I have closely followed sports at all levels since the early '70s and I have
never seen a case that so clearly -- and tragically -- defines our society's
priorities when it comes to big name sports, money and winning," Reisinger said.

He's absolutely correct.

This case is a perfect illustration of our society's values, priorities and what
we deem important. Sports fans and, especially, college and professional
football fans are infamous for excusing or ignoring all kinds of mishandling,
misdeeds and misdemeanors. Hell, even felonies committed by our, ahem, heroes.

All that really matters is winning. And victories. At any cost. At every cost.

This isn't only Penn State's legacy. This is our legacy.

Connect with Jerry via email, at jdavich@post-trib.com, voice mail, at 713-7237,
or Facebook, Twitter, and his blog, at jerrydavich.wordpress.com.

___ (c)2015 the Post-Tribune (Merrillville, Ind.) Visit the Post-Tribune
(Merrillville, Ind.) at www.posttrib.chicagotribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150111-GA-Post-Tribune-Merrillville-Ind-Jerry-Davich-column-0111-20150111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GA


                                 Copyright 2015


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS


           Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday

Chicken abuser convicted; Perdue severs ties with Deese Farms

BYLINE: William R. Toler, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 865 words


Jan. 06--ROCKINGHAM -- An undercover investigation by an animal rights group has
resulted in another North Carolina conviction on animal cruelty charges.

Danny Cajija Miranda, 22, pleaded guilty to consolidated charges on three counts
of misdemeanor cruelty to animals on Monday, court documents show.

He was sentenced to 45 days behind bars -- receiving credit for the 27 days
already served -- and 12 months of unsupervised probation by District Court
Judge Regina Joe. In addition, he was ordered "not to be employed with any type
of animals."

Miranda, a Mexican citizen, was arrested in early December and charged with four
felonies for "maliciously" killing chickens while working for Deese Farms and
Hideaway Farms, contract growers for Perdue Farms Inc., owned by Tommy Deese. He
was also charged with a misdemeanor count of cruelty for allegedly striking a
small dog.

Richmond County Jail records indicate Miranda was picked up by officials with
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement before noon on Tuesday.

"We appreciate the efforts of local law enforcement and the courts to quickly
resolve this issue," Perdue spokeswoman Julie DeYoung said in an email late
Tuesday.

UNDERCOVER ACTIVISM

Richmond County sheriff's deputies were made aware of the abuse by Los
Angeles-based Mercy for Animals, which sent an undercover operative to work at
the farms and record evidence of any mistreatment.

Video provided by Mercy for Animals shows several chickens being stomped on and
one being flung against the wall inside a chicken house, as well as other
chickens in poor health.

"This case graphically illustrates the cruel, inhumane and illegal abuses that
farmed animals are all too often subjected to at Perdue chicken factory farms
across the country," Nathan Runkle, president of Mercy for Animals, said in a
Tuesday statement. "Perdue has the power and the ethical responsibility to end
the worst forms of animal cruelty in its supply chain by immediately adopting
meaningful animal welfare policies. These convictions should send a clear
message to the poultry industry that animal abuse will not be tolerated."

Mercy for Animals has conducted more than four-dozen undercover farm operations
across the U.S. and Canada, according to Matt Rice, director of investigations.
Since 2011, four of those have been in North Carolina, including two at
Butterball turkey facilities in Hoke County, leading to the convictions of at
least four employees.

A new law, which was dubbed the "ag-gag" bill, went into effect Jan. 1 that
penalizes such investigations.

The North Carolina General Assembly overrode a veto by Gov. Pat McCrory earlier
this year to pass a bill that establishes civil penalties for workers who blow
the whistle on inhumane or unsafe conditions at North Carolina's factory farms
using video and audio recording and/or the copying or removal of records, data
and documents in "the nonpublic areas of an employer's premises."

The new law directs courts to award exemplary damages of $5,000 a day "for each
day, or portion thereof, that a defendant has acted in violation."

A similar bill, introduced in 2013 and never passed, would have made such
activities a misdemeanor criminal offense.

A federal judge ruled in August that Idaho's law banning secret filming of
animal abuse at agricultural facilities is unconstitutional and violates the
First Amendment, according to the Associated Press.

Referring to the Tar Heel State statue, Rice told the Daily Journal last month
that Mercy for Animals is "exploring all avenues to overturn this dangerous and
un-American law."

CORPORATE REPERCUSSIONS

Miranda wasn't the only one punished for his actions at the farm.

Perdue had initially suspended the contract for the farms, pending a corporate
investigation. However, more drastic measures have been taken.

"We have ended our relationship with the two farms where the abuse occurred,"
DeYoung said. "Even though they were not directly involved in the mistreatment,
we trust our contract farmers to ensure that our chickens are cared for
appropriately, and unfortunately that did not happen here."

DeYoung said those observed mishandling birds in the video have been either
fired or retrained.

"We have worked with the company whose crews catch our chickens to address the
mishandling of chickens depicted in the video and all catching crews have been
retrained on proper handling techniques," she said. "We also communicated with
all our associates who work with the farmers raising our chickens to remind them
of their responsibility to make sure our birds are receiving proper care. This
includes ensuring birds with leg issues or other health problems that can cause
suffering are quickly and humanely culled."

Deese, who is also on the Richmond Soil and Water District Board of Supervisors,
declined to comment Tuesday night, only saying he wanted to move on.

His farm had served as a Perdue contract grower since 1992.

Reach reporter William R. Toler at 910-817-2675 and follow him on Twitter
@William_r_toler.

___ (c)2016 Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the Richmond
County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160106-RU-Chicken-abuser-convicted-Perdue-severs-ties-with-Deese-Farms-2016010
6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                  Copyright 2016 Richmond County Daily Journal


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                            November 5, 1995, Sunday

SPORTSVIEW: SILLY ILLY AND THE PLANK OF ENGLAND

BYLINE: Alan Hubbard

SECTION: THE OBSERVER SPORTS PAGE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1062 words


IT HAS been another grimly unsavoury, deeply unsatisfactory week at the sports
factory. The way British football teams played against European opposition you'd
have thought the national game had hired Michael Portillo as a sports
psychologist.

George Graham finally admitted he was all bunged up but still claims he did
nothing to be ashamed of (Radio 5 have belatedly dropped him, but no doubt he
could end up on TV presenting a new soccer programme called Grime Watch).

Britain's former national director of coaching was accused of 'turning a blind
eye' to alleged steroid abuse by leading athletes (which of course he vehemently
denies), and tonight an ITV report will claim that one in four of London's young
professional footballers take drugs. And there's more. After a gestation period
long enough to produce a white elephant, the Sports Council say they can't make
up their minds whether to lob their lottery millions in the direction of Wembley
or Manchester to subsidise a new national stadium - a decision about as
transparent as the injury to Mike Tyson's thumb.  'Thumbthing stinks' sang the
tabloids. Too true. And not just in Las Vegas.

Peter Lawson, for 20 years the most outspoken voice of British sports
administration as general secretary of the Central Council for Physical
Recreation, has been summarily dismissed for gross misconduct, amid allegations
of mishandling of CCPR funds and sexual harassment of female staff.

For once, the usually voluble Lawson has not called the media to give his side
of the story. We'd love to hear it and so, no doubt, would Prince Philip, for
whom he was the eyes and ears of sport. The energetic Lawson had friends in high
places, but in an industry which prefers torpor to vigour he also made many
enemies. No doubt there is a lot of told-you-so hand-rubbing going on just now.

However, the week's top award for crassness has to go to the Laurel and Hardy of
cricket administration, Ray Illingworth and bowling coach Peter Lever, for their
gross mishandling of the Devon Malcolm affair (or the Malcolm Devon affair, as
Illy's predec- essor, Ted Dexter, would have described it).

If there was really anyone running the show back at Lord's they would surely
have issued a rebuke to the gruesome twosome at least as public as the
humiliating manner in which Malcolm was treated. But you won't hear a peep.  A
couple of months ago Malcolm was being patted on the back by the Prime Minister
at Downing Street, who told him that his nine for 57 against South Africa was
among the Major sporting highlights.

Yet Lever describes Malcolm as a cricketing 'nonentity'. So what the hell does
that make Lever? He was hardly a superstar himself. In fact, in his playing days
he was known as The Plank. No need to ask why.

Malcolm must be completely demoralised, especially in an environment where the
creation of black sporting icons in what once was an all-white world is a
priority. If he is so useless, why pick him in the first place? It smacks of
inept management, which sadly is typical of the way sport is run. When you have
incompetence in the board room, is it any wonder that the shop floor gets
soiled?

J OHN RODDA, athletics and boxing correspondent of The Guardian and frequent
contributor to these pages in recent years, is retiring this week after almost
half a century in the business, where he was affectionately known as 'the doyen'
among his colleagues.

No sportswriter has a deeper knowledge of his subjects or a sharper instinct for
a story, particularly on the Olympic beat.  Whenever Rodda tapped that
news-diviner of a nose, his rivals knew something big was up. Invariably they
would read about it next day.

We'll miss him, but as sport's old values sink deeper by the day into the
quicksands of farce and fraud, it would not be surprising if JR thinks his is a
timely retreat.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1995 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 14, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Surrounding the Lee Case, Questions About Fairness

Walter Pincus , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 1217 words


By blaming "top decision-makers" in Washington for mistakes in the prosecution
of Wen Ho Lee, a federal judge in New Mexico has raised questions about the
degree to which politics affected the government's case against the nuclear
weapons scientist.

The judge questioned "the unfair manner" in which Lee was held in custody, the
severity of the original charges and an unexplained White House meeting just
before the indictment.

The implication of U.S. District Judge James A. Parker's sharp criticism was
that he believed government officials were inspired by factors other than a
principled attempt to protect national security.

The Dec. 10, 1999, arrest of the former Los Alamos scientist, and his indictment
on 59 counts of mishandling nuclear secrets, took place in a highly-charged
atmosphere that included accusations by Republicans that the Clinton
administration was not responding aggressively to evidence of Chinese espionage.

Earlier in the year, a select House committee, chaired by Rep. Christopher Cox
(R-Calif.), charged that China had stolen information on every warhead in the
U.S. ballistic missile arsenal.

The FBI was already investigating whether Lee and his wife, Sylvia, were giving
the Chinese data on the last U.S. warhead, the W-88. When Lee was fired from Los
Alamos in March 1999 for minor security violations and after showing deception
on an FBI polygraph, the FBI found he had downloaded nuclear data, and a new
probe ensued.

Fearful that they didn't have enough evidence to charge Lee with espionage, the
FBI worked to put together a charge of mishandling classified information that
"would imply spying," one Justice official said yesterday.

Meanwhile the political heat was growing. In May 1999, Cox said on television
that "without question, because we have not apprehended the people who have been
able to penetrate the labs over a period of many years, we have to assume they
are still there."

According to a Justice official, the decision to bring a mammoth indictment was
based on the "enormous value" scientists placed on the data and the "clandestine
pattern" of Lee's behavior. When both elements were later found to have been
overstated , "the case seemed to collapse," he said.

Once jailed, Lee was placed in solitary confinement. That drew heated criticism
from the judge yesterday.

"We're paying the piper on that," said a senior official who participated in the
case. "We pushed solitary confinement to make life as difficult as possible so
that he would tell us why he took the tapes and what he had done with them," the
official said.

Parker agreed last December that Lee should remain in jail, but said he was
concerned "about the condition under which Dr. Lee is presently being held." He
urged the government to "loosen the severe restrictions."

Last month, Parker again voiced "exasperation" that steps to ease Lee's
incarceration had not been taken.

Both Justice and Energy officials yesterday took issue with the implication that
politics was involved in the process, and with the suggestion that the meeting
between White House and Justice officials prior to the indictment was in some
way improper.

"Politics was never in the equation," said one senior Energy official who was in
that meeting. The primary issue, he said, was "have we given Justice prosecutors
enough wiggle room so that we could take the case to trial without compromising
security information."

Statements On Lee Case

Excerpts from court transcript of U.S. District Judge James A. Parker's comments
at Wen Ho Lee's plea hearing:

Dr. Lee, you have pled guilty to a serious crime. It's a felony offense. For
that, you deserved to be punished. In my opinion, you have been punished
harshly, both by the severe conditions of pretrial confinement and by the fact
that you have lost valuable rights as a citizen.

. . . The executive branch of the United States government has until today
actually, or just recently, vigorously opposed your release from jail, even
under what I had previously described as Draconian conditions of release.

. . . I find it most perplexing, although appropriate, that the executive branch
today has suddenly agreed to your release without any significant conditions or
restrictions whatsoever on your activities.

. . . From the beginning, the focus of this case was on your motive or intent in
taking the information from the secure computers and eventually downloading it
onto tapes. There was never really any dispute about your having done that, only
about why you did it.

What I believe remains unanswered is the question: What was the government's
motive?

. . . I want everyone to know that I agree, based on the information that so far
has been made available to me, that you, Dr. Lee, faced some risk of conviction
by a jury if you were to have proceeded to trial. Because of that, I decided to
accept the agreement you made with the United States executive branch under Rule
11(e)(1)(C) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.

Further, I feel that the 278 days of confinement for your offense is not unjust;
however, I believe you were terribly wronged by being held in custody pretrial
in the Santa Fe County Detention Center under demeaning, unnecessarily punitive
conditions. I am truly sorry that I was led by our executive branch of
government to order your detention last December.

. . . I am sad for you and your family because of the way in which you were kept
in custody while you were presumed under the law to be innocent of the charges
the executive branch brought against you.

I am sad because the resolution of this case [was] unnecessarily long.

. . . It is only the top decision makers in the executive branch, especially the
Department of Justice and the Department of Energy and locally, during December,
who have caused embarrassment by the way this case began and was handled. They
did not embarrass me alone. They have embarrassed our entire nation and each of
us who is a citizen of it.

. . . Although, as I indicated, I have no authority to speak on behalf of the
executive branch, the president, the vice president, the attorney general, or
the secretary of the Department of Energy, as a member of the third branch of
the United States government, the judiciary, the United States courts, I
sincerely apologize to you, Dr. Lee, for the unfair manner you were held in
custody.

Statement from

Attorney General Janet Reno

"[FBI] Director [Louis J.] Freeh and I shoulder the awesome responsibility of
protecting the national security. It is a responsibility that both of us take
very seriously. Last year, we charged Dr. Wen Ho Lee with downloading classified
information about our nuclear arsenal from a secured computer onto 10 unsecured
computer tapes. Despite repeated efforts by law enforcement, including repeated
requests to Dr. Lee to tell us what he did with the tapes, the fate of seven of
those tapes has never been determined.

This is an agreement that is in the best interest of our national security, in
that it gives us our best chance to find out what happened to the tapes."

Statement from White House spokesman Jake Siewert

"It is time to close this chapter, find out what happened to the missing tapes
and move on."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
California: FREDDIE LEE WILLIAMSON, Plaintiff, v. CSP SOLANO MAILROOM STAFF, et
al., Defendants.

LENGTH: 1137  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of California has
issued the following order:



 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA FREDDIE LEE
WILLIAMSON, Plaintiff, v. CSP SOLANO MAILROOM STAFF, et al., Defendants. No.
2:13-cv-1978-WBS-EFB P RECOMMENDATION OF DISMISSAL PURSUANT TO 28 U.S.C. § 1915A
FOR FAILURE TO STATE A CLAIM Plaintiff is a state prisoner proceeding without
counsel and in forma pauperis in an action brought under 42 U.S.C. § 1983. After
two dismissals pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1915A, he has filed a second amended
complaint which is now before the court for screening.1 Federal courts must
engage in a preliminary screening of cases in which prisoners seek redress from
a governmental entity or officer or employee of a governmental entity. 28 U.S.C.
§ 1915A(a). The court must identify cognizable claims or dismiss the complaint,
or any portion 1 After plaintiff's first amended complaint failed to state a
claim upon which relief could be granted, the court recommended that that this
action be dismissed without further leave to amend. ECF No. 18. Plaintiff
objected, arguing he could state a cognizable claim of First Amendment
retaliation, a claim he had not included in his two prior pleadings.

ECF No. 21. In an abundance of caution, the court vacated the findings and
recommendations and granted plaintiff leave to file a second amended complaint
alleging a retaliation claim. ECF No. 22. The court also informed plaintiff of
the standards governing First Amendment claims of retaliation. Id. Case
2:13-cv-01978-WBS-EFB Document 26 Filed 01/14/16 Page 1 of 3 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 2 of the complaint, if
the complaint "is frivolous, malicious, or fails to state a claim upon which
relief may be granted," or "seeks monetary relief from a defendant who is immune
from such relief." Id. § 1915A(b). In the second amended complaint, plaintiff
alleges that after he filed a lawsuit against two correctional officers,
defendant Amanda Jordan, a supervisor in the prison's mail room, either "red
flagged" plaintiff's legal mail for retaliation or allowed her staff to do so.
ECF No. 25 at 4. Plaintiff concedes that he has been unable to determine who was
actually responsible for mishandling his legal mail, and as a result, he "is
left with transfereing [sic] the intrest [sic] over to the mailroom supervisor .
. . ." Id. at 6. In addition, plaintiff alleges that "there is no logical
reason[n] [for the mishandling of his mail] other than retaliation." Id. at 7.
In dismissing the original and first amended complaints (ECF Nos. 9, 18), the
court informed plaintiff that an individual defendant is not liable on a civil
rights claim unless the facts establish the defendant's personal involvement in
the constitutional deprivation or a causal connection between the defendant's
wrongful conduct and the alleged constitutional deprivation. The court also
informed plaintiff that he may not sue any official on the theory that the
official is liable for the unconstitutional conduct of his or her subordinates.
ECF No. 9 at 4. The court also informed plaintiff that to state a viable First
Amendment retaliation claim, he must allege five elements: "(1) An assertion
that a state actor took some adverse action against an inmate (2) because of (3)
that prisoner's protected conduct, and that such action (4) chilled the inmate's
exercise of his First Amendment rights, and (5) the action did not reasonably
advance a legitimate correctional goal." Rhodes v. Robinson, 408 F.3d 559,
567-68 (9th Cir. 2005). ECF No. 22. Plaintiff's second amended complaint fails
to state a claim upon which relief could be granted because it sues defendant
Jordan solely because of her role as a supervisor. As plaintiff is aware, an
individual defendant is not liable on a civil rights claim unless the facts
establish the defendant's personal involvement in the constitutional deprivation
or a causal connection between the defendant's wrongful conduct and the alleged
constitutional deprivation. See Hansen v. Black, 885 F.2d 642, 646 (9th Cir.
1989); Johnson v. Duffy, 588 F.2d 740, 743-44 (9th Cir. 1978). ///// Case
2:13-cv-01978-WBS-EFB Document 26 Filed 01/14/16 Page 2 of 3 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 3 Even if the second
amended complaint had plausibly alleged that defendant Jordan was personally
involved in the mishandling of plaintiff's mail, it would still fail to state a
cognizable retaliation claim. The allegation that plaintiff's mail was
mishandled at some point after he commenced a lawsuit against correctional
officers is not enough to make out a retaliation claim. Plaintiff must plead
facts showing that the adverse action was actually motivated by his protected
conduct, not merely follow it in time. For these reasons, this action must be
dismissed without leave to amend for failure to state a claim upon which relief
could be granted. See Lopez v. Smith, 203 F.3d 1122, 1129 (9th Cir. 2000)
("Under Ninth Circuit case law, district courts are only required to grant leave
to amend if a complaint can possibly be saved. Courts are not required to grant
leave to amend if a complaint lacks merit entirely."); see also Doe v. United
States, 58 F.3d 494, 497 (9th Cir. 1995) ("[A] district court should grant leave
to amend even if no request to amend the pleading was made, unless it determines
that the pleading could not be cured by the allegation of other facts.").
Accordingly, IT IS HEREBY RECOMMENDED that the second amended complaint (ECF No.
25) be dismissed for failure to state a claim upon which relief may be granted
and that the Clerk be directed to close the case. These findings and
recommendations are submitted to the United States District Judge assigned to
the case, pursuant to the provisions of 28 U.S.C. § 636(b)(l). Within fourteen
days after being served with these findings and recommendations, any party may
file written objections with the court and serve a copy on all parties. Such a
document should be captioned "Objections to Magistrate Judge's Findings and
Recommendations." Any response to the objections shall be served and filed
within fourteen days after service of the objections. The parties are advised
that failure to file objections within the specified time may waive the right to
appeal the District Court's order. Turner v. Duncan, 158 F.3d 449, 455 (9th Cir.
1998); Martinez v. Ylst, 951 F.2d 1153 (9th Cir. 1991). DATED: January 14, 2016.
Case 2:13-cv-01978-WBS-EFB Document 26 Filed 01/14/16 Page 3 of 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Federal Court Orders Scott M. Ross and his Companies to Pay More than $6.7
Million in Restitution and a Civil Monetary Penalty for Defrauding Investors in
His Commodity Pools, Mishandling Customer Funds, and Failing to Properly
Register as a Commodity Pool Operator

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Washington


Commodity Futures Trading Commission has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) obtained a federal court
Order requiring Defendants Scott M. Ross, formerly of Gilberts, Illinois, and
his companies, Maize Capital Management, LLC and Maize Asset Management, LLC,
jointly to pay $5,402,818.89 in restitution to the participants in his
fraudulent and illegal "Maize Fund" investment scheme, as well as a $1.3 million
civil penalty. The court previously entered a Consent Order that imposes
permanent trading and registration bans against all Defendants. Ross currently
is incarcerated in Federal prison for his role in two other fraudulent
investment scams.

The Memorandum Opinion and Order, entered by Judge James B. Zagel of the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, stems from a CFTC
Complaint filed in September 2009, charging Ross and his companies with
violating the core anti-fraud provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (Act) in
connection with activities relating to the solicitation and management of a
pooled foreign exchange account called the Maize Fund. According to the
Complaint, Ross and his companies engaged in extensive fraud and other unlawful
conduct by making false statements to prospective investors in marketing
materials, issuing false account statements that reflected profits when trading
was not profitable, mishandling customer funds, and failing to properly register
with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator (see CFTC Press Release 5712-09).

In the Order, the court finds that Ross and his companies unquestionably were
the cause of customers' losses. "[T]he fraudulent acts in this case were, by
their nature, a part of every transaction relating to the Fund. Every dollar in
the Fund was both obtained and retained through fraud," the Order finds. The
Order further finds that the Defendants violated "core provisions of the Act and
these violations severely harmed the Fund's customers," thus warranting the
imposition of a substantial penalty.

The CFTC cautions victims that restitution orders may not result in the recovery
of money lost because the wrongdoers may not have sufficient funds or assets.
The CFTC will continue to fight vigorously for the protection of customers and
to ensure the wrongdoers are held accountable.

CFTC Division of Enforcement staff members responsible for this action are
Joseph Konizeski, Elizabeth Pendleton, Michael Tallarico, William Janulis, Scott
Williamson, Rosemary Hollinger, and Richard Wagner.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Federal Court Orders Scott M. Ross and his Companies to Pay More than $6.7
Million in Restitution and a Civil Monetary Penalty for Defrauding Investors in
His Commodity Pools, Mishandling Customer Funds, and Failing to Properly
Register as a Commodity Pool Operator

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Washington


Commodity Futures Trading Commission has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) obtained a federal court
Order requiring Defendants Scott M. Ross, formerly of Gilberts, Illinois, and
his companies, Maize Capital Management, LLC and Maize Asset Management, LLC,
jointly to pay $5,402,818.89 in restitution to the participants in his
fraudulent and illegal "Maize Fund" investment scheme, as well as a $1.3 million
civil penalty. The court previously entered a Consent Order that imposes
permanent trading and registration bans against all Defendants. Ross currently
is incarcerated in Federal prison for his role in two other fraudulent
investment scams.

The Memorandum Opinion and Order, entered by Judge James B. Zagel of the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, stems from a CFTC
Complaint filed in September 2009, charging Ross and his companies with
violating the core anti-fraud provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (Act) in
connection with activities relating to the solicitation and management of a
pooled foreign exchange account called the Maize Fund. According to the
Complaint, Ross and his companies engaged in extensive fraud and other unlawful
conduct by making false statements to prospective investors in marketing
materials, issuing false account statements that reflected profits when trading
was not profitable, mishandling customer funds, and failing to properly register
with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator (see CFTC Press Release 5712-09).

In the Order, the court finds that Ross and his companies unquestionably were
the cause of customers' losses. "[T]he fraudulent acts in this case were, by
their nature, a part of every transaction relating to the Fund. Every dollar in
the Fund was both obtained and retained through fraud," the Order finds. The
Order further finds that the Defendants violated "core provisions of the Act and
these violations severely harmed the Fund's customers," thus warranting the
imposition of a substantial penalty.

The CFTC cautions victims that restitution orders may not result in the recovery
of money lost because the wrongdoers may not have sufficient funds or assets.
The CFTC will continue to fight vigorously for the protection of customers and
to ensure the wrongdoers are held accountable.

CFTC Division of Enforcement staff members responsible for this action are
Joseph Konizeski, Elizabeth Pendleton, Michael Tallarico, William Janulis, Scott
Williamson, Rosemary Hollinger, and Richard Wagner.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 12, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

FBI Probed on Handling Of Ruby ...

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1154 words


The Justice Department's inspector general has opened an investigation of
alleged retaliation by senior FBI officials against agents who uncovered flaws
in the bureau's handling of the 1992 siege at Ruby Ridge, Idaho, and its
aftermath.

Investigators want to determine whether one agent's career was derailed and
another was threatened for their pursuit of FBI abuses during the 11-day
incident and the shortcomings of the bureau's reviews of who was responsible.

The probe, officials said, also will delve into broader complaints about a
double standard of discipline at the FBI that many agents say serves to protect
top managers from punishment and has sapped morale.

In particular, they said, the probe will examine the Justice Department's
decision last January not to censure FBI Director Louis J. Freeh or discipline
three other FBI veterans in the Ruby Ridge case. Freeh, who retired in June, may
be interviewed, officials said.

-- George Lardner Jr. and Dan Eggen

The maker of cerivastatin, a popular cholesterol-lowering drug used by about
700,000 Americans, voluntarily pulled the medicine off the market because of
numerous deaths associated with its use.

Officials at the Food and Drug Administration said 31 people have died of
complications of severe muscle breakdown, a rare but well-recognized side effect
of many cholesterol-lowering drugs. In about one-third of the cases, the person
was on a second cholesterol drug, gemfibrozil, known to especially increase the
risk of problems.

Cerivastatin (Baycol) is one of six "statins," a popular family of drugs
prescribed to about 12 million Americans to treat, and possibly prevent,
coronary heart disease. Reports of severe side effects, including death, are at
least 10 times more common for cerivastatin than for other drugs in the class.

"We are not considering any regulatory action with regard to the other approved
statins," said John Jenkins, director of the FDA's office of drug evaluation.

-- David Brown

Microsoft Corp. appealed its long-running antitrust case to the U.S. Supreme
Court, saying the federal judge who ruled that the company illegally abused its
monopoly power was so biased that the whole case should have been thrown out and
sent back for a new trial.

In asking the Supreme Court to review the case, Microsoft attorneys said the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia should not have upheld U.S.
District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson's findings a year ago, particularly when
the appeals court itself excoriated Jackson for making inappropriate comments to
the media.

Microsoft's petition comes as the appeals court is preparing to return the case
to the district court for hearings before a new judge, who is to determine what
penalties will be imposed on the company. Microsoft asked the appeals court to
postpone that move until the Supreme Court decides whether it will take the
case.

State and federal prosecutors said they will oppose both the appeal and the
postponement request, asserting that the appeals court had already reviewed
Jackson's conduct.

Some worry that Microsoft is drawing out the legal proceedings as it prepares to
begin selling the latest versions of its operating system, Windows XP, in late
October.

-- Jonathan Krim

Federal investigators did not target former Los Alamos nuclear scientist Wen Ho
Lee based on his ethnicity, according to a classified report that is otherwise
highly critical of the conduct of the FBI and Energy Department during the
probe.

The internal report by federal prosecutor Randy Bellows says that while the
government's espionage investigation of Lee, a native of Taiwan, had many
shortcomings, "racism was not one of them," according to several people who have
reviewed its findings. A version of the report is scheduled to be released
publicly this week.

The report's findings on racism appear to contradict the accounts of at least
two former Energy Department officials. They include the former chief of
counterintelligence, Robert Vrooman, who has said in sworn statements that Lee
was targeted for investigation of whether he leaked nuclear secrets to China
based largely on his race.

Lee, who was jailed on 59 felony counts of mishandling classified information
and violating the Atomic Energy Act, pleaded guilty last September to a single
felony charge of mishandling classified information after the government's case
largely fell apart in court.  -- Dan Eggen and Ellen Nakashima

Former president Bill Clinton's memoirs will be published in 2003 by Alfred A.
Knopf, the publishing house announced, and a publishing source said Clinton will
receive more than $ 10 million to write the book. That is the largest advance
for a nonfiction book in U.S. publishing history and it beats the $ 8 million
paid to his wife, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-N.Y.), for her memoirs.

It is not known how Clinton will deal with various scandals that pocked his
presidency, including the travel office debacle, the death of aide and friend
Vince Foster and Clinton's sexual indiscretions, culminating in his admitted
relationship with Monica S. Lewinsky, which led to his impeachment.

A publishing source said Clinton plans to write the book himself, with the help
of researchers and interviewers. The heart of the work will be Clinton's
presidency, which has been the most important aspect of his public life, Sonny
Mehta, president and editor in chief of Knopf, said in a statement.

Clinton spent his career in public service, and until he reached the presidency
-- which paid him $ 200,000 a year -- he earned only modest salaries. As is the
case with other ex-presidents, however, his departure from office has brought
the potential to earn impressive sums of money.

-- Linton Weeks

The Environmental Protection Agency has concluded that an aggressive Clinton
administration initiative to reduce emissions from aging coal-fired power plants
should be scaled back, after intense lobbying by the utility and refinery
industries.

Under the Clean Air Act, the Clinton administration and states filed lawsuits
against dozens of older power plants, alleging that they broke the law by
expanding their facilities without adding modern anti-pollution devices to
combat dangerous emissions. After three months of review, the Bush
administration has concluded the EPA was too inflexible in interpreting what
types of plant upgrades warranted expensive new emissions controls.

The agency will submit its findings to President Bush later this month as a
prelude to proposing administrative or legislative changes to the program.
Utilities have argued the policy is unfairly enforced and is discouraging plant
expansion at a time when the White House and many lawmakers are calling for
increased energy production. While confirming that the agency would propose
changes in the policy, officials did not provide details.

-- Eric Pianin and John Mintz

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Federal Court Orders Scott M. Ross and his Companies to Pay More
than $6.7 Million in Restitution and a Civil Monetary Penalty for Defrauding
Investors in His Commodity Pools, Mishandling Customer Fun

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Commodity Futures Trading Commission has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) obtained a federal court
Order requiring Defendants Scott M. Ross, formerly of Gilberts, Illinois, and
his companies, Maize Capital Management, LLC and Maize Asset Management, LLC,
jointly to pay $5,402,818.89 in restitution to the participants in his
fraudulent and illegal "Maize Fund" investment scheme, as well as a $1.3 million
civil penalty. The court previously entered a Consent Order that imposes
permanent trading and registration bans against all Defendants. Ross currently
is incarcerated in Federal prison for his role in two other fraudulent
investment scams.

The Memorandum Opinion and Order, entered by Judge James B. Zagel of the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, stems from a CFTC
Complaint filed in September 2009, charging Ross and his companies with
violating the core anti-fraud provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (Act) in
connection with activities relating to the solicitation and management of a
pooled foreign exchange account called the Maize Fund. According to the
Complaint, Ross and his companies engaged in extensive fraud and other unlawful
conduct by making false statements to prospective investors in marketing
materials, issuing false account statements that reflected profits when trading
was not profitable, mishandling customer funds, and failing to properly register
with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator (see CFTC Press Release 5712-09).

In the Order, the court finds that Ross and his companies unquestionably were
the cause of customers' losses. "[T]he fraudulent acts in this case were, by
their nature, a part of every transaction relating to the Fund. Every dollar in
the Fund was both obtained and retained through fraud," the Order finds. The
Order further finds that the Defendants violated "core provisions of the Act and
these violations severely harmed the Fund's customers," thus warranting the
imposition of a substantial penalty.

The CFTC cautions victims that restitution orders may not result in the recovery
of money lost because the wrongdoers may not have sufficient funds or assets.
The CFTC will continue to fight vigorously for the protection of customers and
to ensure the wrongdoers are held accountable.

CFTC Division of Enforcement staff members responsible for this action are
Joseph Konizeski, Elizabeth Pendleton, Michael Tallarico, William Janulis, Scott
Williamson, Rosemary Hollinger, and Richard Wagner.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 18, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Asian-Americans Demanding Bias Inquiry in Scientist's Case

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 717 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Sept. 17


Leaders of Asian-American groups are planning to seize the opportunity of a
long-scheduled meeting with White House officials in New York on Monday to
express their outrage over the treatment of the former Los Alamos scientist Wen
Ho Lee and to press for a full inquiry on whether racism played a role in his
investigation and prosecution.

When the White House Initiative on Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders set up
a daylong town meeting many weeks ago, to be held in an auditorium at the New
York University Law School, it was intended as a forum for the Clinton
administration to put on display its interest in hearing from the rapidly
growing Asian-American population.

A similar meeting about six weeks ago in Los Angeles was sparsely attended, some
participants said, and several said they had been warned then that they were not
to raise the issue of Dr. Lee, who pleaded guilty last week to one count of
mishandling nuclear secrets after more than nine months of solitary confinement.

But some Asian-American leaders held a series of caucuses over the weekend and
said they intended to take advantage of the time set aside for public comment at
the Monday meeting to demand that the administration initiate an investigation
into whether Dr. Lee was singled out because he is ethnically Chinese.

"We are calling for an impartial investigation on whether there was racial
profiling, and we think this is a good forum for making sure we are heard," said
Laura Hong, president of the National Asian Pacific American Bar Association. A
number of officials from the administration are scheduled to attend the
conference.

Added Henry Tang, president of the Committee of 100, an organization of
Chinese-Americans, "The focus is on full disclosure of all the documents on
racial profiling."

Dr. David Ho, a highly regarded researcher and director of the Aaron Diamond
AIDS Research Center in New York, is a commissioner of the White House
organization, and he said that previously the group was discouraged from raising
questions about Dr. Lee by administration officials on the grounds that it was a
pending criminal case. But now that it is not, he said, "I think if we don't
tackle this issue we will have no credibility" among Asian-Americans.

These leaders were referring to one of the most important developments in Dr.
Lee's case. The judge, James A. Parker of Federal District Court in Albuquerque,
had earlier ordered the government to hand over thousands of pages of classified
documents detailing why Dr. Lee was singled out for investigation and how his
case was handled compared with those of other government employees who violated
security rules.

Those documents were due by last Friday. With Dr. Lee's plea agreement on
Wednesday to one count of mishandling nuclear secrets, the judge's order was
dropped. Judge Parker himself said he regretted that he would no longer be able
to order the disclosure of the documents, and many others have insisted that the
documents should still be examined for evidence of racism.

Many Asian-American leaders said they had been eager to find a forum to speak
directly to the Clinton White House about their deep concerns over the way Dr.
Lee was prosecuted, and the town meeting in New York has provided a venue.

Dr. Lee was investigated for years on suspicion that he had leaked nuclear
weapons secrets to China, and he was fired from his job at the Los Alamos
National Laboratory in March 1999. However, no evidence could ever be found to
support the allegations. But F.B.I. agents searching his home eventually found
that he had improperly downloaded a huge volume of nuclear secrets. He was
indicted last December on 59 felony counts of having illegally downloaded the
data with the intent of helping a foreign country. The charges could have
brought him a life sentence.

Though Dr. Lee's plea last Wednesday, which gave him his freedom in return for
his cooperation with investigators, ended the prosecution, Judge Parker lectured
the government on what he characterized as its disturbing handling of Dr. Lee
and its misleading testimony.

That helped fuel the calls for an investigation, which are expected to transform
what might have been a routine meeting on Monday into a rally on Dr. Lee's
behalf.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     February 4, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

HANDLING OF LEE, DEUTCH CRITICIZED

BYLINE: Art Pine

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Clinton administration came under fire Thursday for wide disparities in the
way it has prosecuted separate cases of mishandling classified information by
former CIA Director John Deutch and nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee.

The administration denied using a double standard.

Sen. Wayne Allard, R-Colo., a senior member of the Senate Armed Services
Committee, complained at a hearing that both men had "made similar mistakes in
the fact that they had information that was very important to this country on
unsecured computers" in their homes.

He pointed out that Deutch was merely deprived of his security clearance, while
Lee has been subjected to a lengthy investigation and is under indictment.

"I am wondering, how is it that we are treating Mr. Lee" so differently, he
asked?

CIA Director George Tenet insisted the two cases are very different because Lee
allegedly transferred nuclear codes from his computer at Los Alamos National
Laboratory to one at home while Deutch merely wrote classified material on his
home computer, which was unsecured.

"In one instance," he said, citing Lee's case, "there is an intent to do harm to
the United States that's a legal judgment that's been made," while "in the other
instance (Deutch), a similar legal judgment was not made. I don't think the
cases are similar."

Although Allard did not dwell on the issue further, it marked the first time
that the disparity has been brought up at a congressional hearing on the Deutch
case. Asian-American groups have been complaining for months that Lee was being
treated too harshly.

Committee members also alluded to reports that an internal CIA investigation
found that Deutch's home computer had been used to send and receive e-mail and
to log on to Internet sites and that someone in Deutch's household had been
viewing pornographic materials.

Congressional sources said the report also showed that the computer's hard-drive
showed an e-mail message sent to Deutch from a Russian scientist, although there
apparently was no evidence that Deutch responded to the message. Tenet declined
to comment on either finding.

Lee had been accused of passing stolen nuclear secrets to China, but an FBI
investigation found no evidence to support those allegations.

However, Lee was arrested Dec. 10 on 59 unrelated counts of mishandling secret
nuclear weapons computer programs and data at Los Alamos.

Lee, who has denied wrongdoing, is being held without bond and could face life
in prison if is convicted. The Justice Department has decided not to prosecute
Deutch.

Tenet said Deutch had acted improperly in using an unsecured computer for work
on highly classified information, but added that investigators had no evidence
that any of the data had been compromised. He conceded later, however, that he
could not rule out such a leak.

He added that officials have no reason to believe Deutch, who served as deputy
secretary of defense before he became CIA chief, was engaged in espionage.

Tenet told the Armed Services Committee on Wednesday that investigators had
found Deutch acted carelessly, albeit inexcusably. "That's not to say that this
case involving the former director is not serious," he said.

Tenet declined to comment on reports that Deutch's computer had been used to
view pornographic sites on the Internet apparently during hours when the former
CIA director was not at home.

He also said he regretted that the material had become public at all and told
the committee that the CIA was cooperating with congressional investigators, who
also were looking into the allegations.

Tenet told the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday that the home computer
used by Deutch contained "enormously sensitive material at the highest levels of
classification."

Attorney General Janet Reno, asked by reporters about the criticisms that the
administration was using a double standard in handling the two cases, said she
believed "each case speaks for itself, based on the evidence and the law." She
declined to elaborate.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Los Angeles Times

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

Washington: Officials urge watchful eye on personal information

LENGTH: 874  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Army, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Although there are many ways to protect one's personally identifiable
information, such as companies or organizations that will keep a watchful eye on
PII, Fort Rucker officials want to remind people that responsibility still falls
on the individual.

PII is any combination of information that can be used to identify a person,
according to Deborah Seimer, director of Fort Rucker Directorate of Human
Resources.

One of the most familiar PII violations is identity theft, said Seimer, adding
that when people are careless with information, such as their Social Security
number and date of birth, they can easily become a victim of the crime.

A person with any combination of that information has the potential to violate
another's PII, she said, but oftentimes, people are is careless with their own
information.

Over the last few years, the DHR Administrative Services Division has had all
Fort Rucker forms reviewed by the originating office to have the SSN removed or
provide a justification to retain it to help in that regard, said the HR
director. When the effort began, there were 67 Fort Rucker forms that required
SSNs and other PII information, but after the most recent review conducted April
14, that number has been reduced to only eight forms that have a requirement to
retain the SSN.

"One of the things that we've noticed [on Fort Rucker] is people seem to be
under the misunderstanding that the green recycling bins are safe for PII to be
put into," she said. "Those bins are not to be used for placing any type of PII
in because what is in those bins doesn't go from their office to a shredder.
Once it goes into a recycling bin, that information is no longer protected."

Any type of information that is disposed of in the recycling bins has the
potential to be viewed by anyone with access to the bins, said Seimer. From the
office, that information can travel miles to the recycling center where it is
picked up by an organization outside Fort Rucker.

"People are cleaning out their files and not thinking about what could happen
putting that information into the recycle bin," she said.

Seimer said that many people also seem to be under the misunderstanding that if
the files they are throwing out are old, then they have no pertinent information
in them. Regardless of how old they are, if the files or documents have any type
of PII on them, they need to be destroyed properly by shredding, she added.

Most of the organizations and offices on post have shredding machines, and the
installation has a high-volume disintegrator run by the security office that is
available to use at the recycling center, she said, so people have no excuse not
to properly destroy PII documents.

"We use a disintegrator for paper that will shred documents and turn them into
briquettes," said Linda Green, security assistant for the Fort Rucker security
division.

Essentially, the high-volume disintegrator turns paper into dust and compacts it
into briquettes that the recycling center sells to different customers for
various uses, she added

The recycling center also houses a CD/DVD destroyer, as well as a hard drive
degausser and destroyer, said Heather Androlevich, security assistant for the
Fort Rucker security division.

"(The hard drive degausser) uses really powerful magnets to completely
obliterate any data on the hard drives so that they can't be read," she said.
"For classified hard drives, they also have to through the degausser and the
hard drive destroyer to be physically destroyed. It actually bends the hard
drive so that there is no chance that any data can be retrieved from it."

In order to use the equipment, people must take a safety class provided by the
security office and set up an appointment at their convenience, said
Androlevich, adding that they can even accommodate unit training on a
case-by-case basis.

To set up a training appointment, people can call 255-3094 or 255- 2973.

People found in violation of mishandling PII have the potential to be hit with
civil penalties that range from payment of damages and attorney fees to
personnel action that can include termination of employment and possible
prosecution, according to officials at the Office of the Staff Judge Advocate.
Criminal penalties can also be charged from a $5,000 fine to misdemeanor
criminal charges if the violation is severe enough.

"[PII violations] can be a pretty big deal," said Seimer. "The operational
security manager has to get involved, as well as the security office to assess
the situation and that can all take a lot of time."

Mishandling of PII is not only a problem when it comes to disposal of physical
documents, she said, it also applies to electronic data, adding that there have
also been incidents where people on the installation are mishandling PII
electronically through emails that haven't been properly encrypted.

"Bottom line: we need people's support in spreading the word within their
organization regarding the importance (protecting PII)," said Seimer. "Either
remove the PII altogether from AKO, or create password protected documents that
are properly secured and restricted."

For more information please visit: http://www.army.mil/

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                December 4, 2000

Quake Settlements Challenged

BYLINE: BY J. C. HOWARD, CALIFORNIA CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 853 words

DATELINE: Sacramento


California's top law enforcement officer, joined by new Insurance Commissioner
Harry Low, have asked the courts to toss out disputed, multimillion-dollar
settlements approved by former Commissioner Charles Quackenbush that allowed
North-ridge earthquake insurers to donate to nonprofit foundations rather than
face the possibility of fines for alleged claims mishandling.

The action by Attorney General Bill Lockyer came amid a state and federal
investigation into the activities of Mr. Quackenbush, who resigned in July
during legislative hearings questioning the role of his department in collecting
payments from insurers.

Under private agreements signed with the companies that accompanied the
settlements, the money was supposed to be spent to help consumers and conduct
seismic research.  In fact, some $ 3 million was spent on public service
television advertising that politically benefited the commissioner, and other
funds were donated to projects that had nothing to do with earthquake insurance.
About half of the money collected -- $ 6 million -- was frozen by the state
pending the outcome of the probe.

The handling of the funds was at the heart of the allegations that drove Mr.
Quackenbush from office.  Mr. Quackenbush has denied any wrong-doing.

Mr. Lockyer, in Superior Court documents filed in Sacramento, said Mr.
Quackenbush didn't have the legal power to negotiate such settlements.  The
complaint expands and amends an earlier one filed by Mr. Lockyer seeking the
dissolution of the California Research and Assistance Fund, which Mr.
Quackenbush set up last year financed by some $ 12 million from insurers.

Mr. Lockyer contends that the former commissioner "lacked the authority to enter
into the settlements that provided for the creation of a nonprofit corporation
and diversion of funds to CRAF to support activities unrelated to the regulatory
enforcement responsibilities of the Department of Insurance," his office said.

The complaint also contends that CRAF's top officers violated their fiduciary
responsibilities in allowing the questioned payments.  No charges have been
filed in connection with the fund, although a criminal probe is under way.

The settlements stemmed in part from market conduct exams developed by Mr.
Quackenbush's auditors, which alleged hundreds of claims-handling violations
stemming from the January 1994 Northridge earthquake.  The alleged violations
carried potential fines of more than $ 3 billion, but the former commissioner
allowed insurers to settle the disputes by donating money to CRAF.

Insurers have denied any wrongdoing, and have noted they negotiated the
agreements in good faith with the commissioner.

They have not yet responded formally to Mr. Lockyer's complaint.  They have been
hesitant to discuss the issue publicly, citing potential litigation, but
privately they have indicated that the exams exaggerated the scope of alleged
claims mishandling, and they believe that any violations were inflated to
leverage contributions.  They also said they were prevented by confidentiality
restrictions from responding to the allegations on a case-by-case basis.

One company, Bloomington, Ill.-based State Farm, faced some 1,300 violations.
"We were surprised and very disappointed that the decision was made to bring
this to court," said a State Farm representative, Bill Sirola.  "We thought we
were well on the way to resolving this with the department, though there had
been some common areas of concern that had been discussed.  We felt the
settlement was fair and that we strongly complied with the settlement."

Mr. Lockyer and Mr. Low "are aware that we are extremely anxious that the record
be cleared and the facts come out," Mr. Sirola said.

Commissioner Low, who has urged insurers to voluntarily agree to void the
settlements to avoid protracted litigation, supported Mr. Lockyer's action.  An
insurance department representative said the commissioner still favors
eliminating the settlements, which industry officials fear would be a likely
prelude to conducting new market conduct exams under Mr. Low's direction to
determine whether any violations occurred.

The commissioner has not yet decided whether to order new exams if the
settlements ultimately are negated.

The Lockyer complaint is "a legal basis for the commissioner's position of
'mutual rescission' of the settlements," said a department representative, Scott
Edelen.  He said negotiations over the settlements were being handled by Clark
Kelso, a Sacramento law school professor who briefly served as interim
commissioner following Mr. Quackenbush and who now is serving as a consultant to
the insurance department.

Mr. Quackenbush, who has said he made "mistakes of judgment" in forming CRAF,
said he set up CRAF as a creative device to avoid a lengthy court fight and to
get money to consumers and quake-related issues.

But a number of reports in The Los Angeles Times and Sacramento Bee, among other
publications, and testimony in legislative hearings showed that money was
directed to projects that had nothing to with earthquakes.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 The National Underwriter Company


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             May 17, 2012 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Fired 911 operator feels "horrible" for mishandling call

BYLINE: Tom McGhee

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 459 words


A Denver 911 operator fired for sending Jimma Reat to the spot where he was
murdered said he feels "horrible" about his death but was so focused on Reat's
location that he failed to get help to him, according to a transcript of a
meeting between him and his boss.

Reat, 25, was shot in the back early April 1, blocks from the spot in Denver
where he and other members of his family were taunted by a group of men who
threw bottles and waved a gun at them.

After the altercation, they went to their apartment in Greenwood Village. The
operator was fired for telling them to return to Denver, where they were fired
upon by the same group that had attacked them moments before.

Police have not identified the 911 operator.

"Given the high publicity of the issue, there are safety concerns for him and
his family about releasing that name," said Daelene Mix, spokeswoman for Manager
of Safety Alex Martinez.

The operator told Reat's brother, Ran James Pal, 25, who was driving Reat and
others that night, that Denver police wouldn't take a report of the incident
unless they returned to the city limits.

"You showed a blatant disregard for the caller's health in your quest to have
the caller return to Denver city limits, when he was parked at one point only
seven and a half blocks outside the city," Denver 911 director Carl Simpson said
in a letter informing the operator he was fired.

According to an account of a pre-disciplinary hearing with Simpson that was
included in the letter, the operator said, "I feel horrible for what happened.
But yeah, I can't blame it on anyone else."

The operator, who had received a reprimand Feb. 29 for mishandling another call,
told Simpson that "I should have just gotten officers out there. I just got too
focused on them being outside of Denver."

Though Pal began talking to the operator immediately after the first
altercation, it was more than seven minutes before dispatch was alerted, the
letter says.

In reporting the initial confrontation to the operator, Pal said his vehicle was
damaged by the thrown bottles, that he had been injured in the attack and that
he was in shock and didn't want to drive back into the city.

"Officers will and regularly respond outside of the city limits on crimes such
as assaults and specific situations involving people with injuries that impact
their ability to drive, require hospitalization and/or are fearful of returning
to a potentially volatile or dangerous scene," Simpson wrote.

The letter is dated Tuesday. The operator has two weeks from the day he was
fired to appeal to the Career Service Authority Board, Simpson said in an
interview.

"He just didn't have compelling information or reasons for what happened,"
Simpson said.

Tom McGhee: 303-954-1671 or tmcghee@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 18, 2012



CORRECTION: * Because of a reporting error, a story on Page 5A on Thursday
misidentified the location of the apartment that Jimma Reat and his companions
left before he was murdered in Denver. It is in Wheat Ridge.

GRAPHIC: Jimma Reat, a 25-year-old native of Sudan, was fatally shot April 1.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 28, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

U.S. Argues Against Bail for Physicist; Prosecutors Say Lee Cannot Account for 7
Computer Tapes

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1033 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, Dec. 27



Calling Wen Ho Lee an "unprecedented" security risk to the United States,
government prosecutors asserted today in U.S. District Court here that the
former physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory cannot account for top-secret
nuclear weapons design information downloaded from the lab's computers and
should remain in jail until his trial begins.

Lee's attorneys have asked Judge James A. Parker to revoke a magistrate's Dec.
13 denial of bail, arguing that an exhaustive FBI investigation has failed to
turn up any evidence that the 59-year-old scientist revealed--or intended to
reveal--any of the classified information he downloaded to any unauthorized
parties.

But U.S. Attorney John J. Kelly wants Lee to remain in jail pending trial for
what could be a year or more, arguing that his inability to account for seven
portable computer tapes containing enough information to build a thermonuclear
weapon, coupled with a pattern of deception at Los Alamos, shows intent to
damage the nation's security.

"When I first realized what was downloaded by Dr. Lee, I realized I was looking
at a chilling collection of codes and files," Richard Krajcik, deputy director
of Los Alamos's secret X Division, told a packed courtroom. "It really
represents a capacity someone could use to design and analyze [U.S. nuclear]
weapons."

Lee was indicted Dec. 10 on 59 felony counts of mishandling classified
information downloaded in 1993, 1994 and 1997 from Los Alamos's secure computer
system. He is accused of transferring nearly all of the files to 10 computer
tapes. The government says seven of the tapes cannot be accounted for; Lee's
attorneys say the seven tapes have all been destroyed, although they have not
provided any evidence to support that claim.

Thirty-nine of the 59 felony counts involve violations of secrecy provisions in
the Atomic Energy Act and carry maximum sentences of life in prison. But to make
those charges stick, the government must prove that Lee willfully intended to
damage national security.

Lee was fired from his post in the lab's X Division in March for allegedly
tampering with classified documents and failing to report foreign contacts that
occurred in the mid-1980s during trips he made to China. At the time of his
firing, Lee was identified by federal authorities as their prime suspect in a
Chinese espionage investigation centering on evidence that China may have stolen
design information related to the W-88 warhead, America's most sophisticated
thermonuclear weapon.

But federal authorities have since acknowledged that they do not now have any
evidence showing Lee spied for China or any other foreign government. Kelly, in
fact, has noted in court papers filed here that the charges brought against Lee
for mishandling classified information are unrelated to the earlier espionage
probe, which has since been widened to include numerous other nuclear weapons
facilities. Lee's downloading of classified material was not discovered by
investigators until late last March, weeks after he was fired and publicly
identified as an espionage suspect.

Lee's supporters--several dozen of whom gathered here today outside the
courtroom in a show of support for the imprisoned scientist--say the cases are
linked. The government never would have even searched Lee's computer and
discovered the downloaded information if federal officials hadn't improperly
singled him out as a potential spy, at least partly on the basis of his
ethnicity as a Chinese American, they say.

Like the broader case itself, the bail hearing that began today is expected to
center on the question of whether Lee intended to harm the nation in downloading
secret data, a key consideration in whether he can be allowed out of jail on
bail without further threatening the nation.

Krajcik called the data downloaded by Lee "the crown jewels" of America's
nuclear weapons program and said Lee's "private collection" of weapons codes
existed nowhere else in the country except Los Alamos and Lawrence Livermore
national laboratories.

Krajcik's testimony came after that of Cheryl Wampler, a Los Alamos computer
official who testified for more than two hours about Lee's methodical
downloading of data from classified to unclassified laboratory networks and then
onto unsecured portable computer tapes.

Wampler testified that Lee changed the coding on every file he downloaded from
classified to unclassified, even though lab security rules strictly prohibit any
secret material from being removed from the secure system. Once the highly
sensitive nuclear weapons codes--which simulate nuclear explosions and can be
used to reverse-engineer U.S. warheads--had been improperly downloaded, Lee
copied them onto tapes using a machine in an unsecure section of the laboratory.

That machine, located in Los Alamos's T Division, "was imminently available to
not very sophisticated hackers from the Internet" in addition to as many as 10
unclassified users working in that section of the lab, Wampler testified. She
noted, in response to a question from Judge Parker, that there is no evidence
any hacker or unauthorized users ever accessed Lee's surreptitiously downloaded
files.

During cross-examination, one of Lee's attorneys, John Cline, repeatedly
attempted to show that Lee did not take many other steps in downloading the data
that would have covered his tracks.

Cline pointed out that, as he moved the files from the classified system, Lee
retained file names that showed that the data included nuclear weapons codes. He
also said that his client was fully aware that every move he was making on the
computer network was being recorded and that his chosen password--WHL--would
show up in security logs in both the classified and unclassified systems.

And once Lee had copied the downloaded files onto tapes, wouldn't it have made
sense for him to delete the files from his unsecure computer, instead of leaving
them there for government investigators to find six years later? Cline asked.

"It would have made sense, yes," Wampler said.

Supporters of fired Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee gather at the federal
courthouse in Albuquerque.


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Bank Isn't Liable for Funds Diversion

                              May 8, 1987, Friday

By CHARLES G. DALEY


Is a bank liable to a corporate depositor for mishandling a check payable to the
corporation if the corporation ratifies the acts of its vice president who
endorsed the check and deposited it into his own account?

No. Tricor Energies Inc., a Alabama corporation, sued Citibanc of Alabama/
Fultondale for an alleged improper payment of a check payable to Tricor. At that
time, Nelson Arnold was a stockholder and director of both Tricor and Citibanc.
He was also a vice president of Tricor. On October 30, Mr. Arnold presented to
Citibanc a check drawn by Great Southern Paper Co. to the order of Tricor for
$75,992. Instead of depositing the check in Tricor's account, however, Mr.
Arnold deposited it in his personal account. The check was endorsed as follows:
"Tricor Energies, Inc., For Deposit Only, Nelson Arnold."

Tricor contends that Citibanc improperly allowed Mr. Arnold to deposit the check
in his account (1) in spite of the fact that it was made payable to Tricor and
endorsed "for deposit only" and (2) over his signature, which did not indicate a
representative capacity. The court held that "even assuming that Citibanc could
be liable for the alleged improper payment, the record shows that Tricor
ratified the acts of Arnold in depositing the check to his own account." Section
3-404(2) of the Uniform Commercial Code states: "Any unauthorized signature may
be ratified for all purposes of this article."

The court found that Tricor treated the diversion of the Great Southern Paper
check as a loan to Mr. Arnold and thereby ratified the deposit of that check
into Mr. Arnold's account. Under the provisions of the U.C.C., courts have held
that ratification precluded findings of liability against banks for mishandling
checks. The Supreme Court of Alabama reversed the judgment for Tricor and
decided the case in favor of the bank. (Citibanc of Alabama/Fultondale v. Tricor
Enterprises, Inc., 493 So. (2) 1344, 1986).

SECTION: WHAT'S YOUR ANSWER?; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 325 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1987 American Banker, Inc.


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 26, 1995, Saturday

LEGAL FIGHT ON ABORT DOC

BYLINE: By MICHAEL FINNEGAN Daily News Albany Bureau

SECTION: News  Pg. 6

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The medical practice of an upper East Side gynecologist charged with
incompetence for allegedly botching abortions hung in the balance yesterday as
attorneys waged a legal battle.

Attorney General Dennis Vacco filed an appeal that aides said would block Dr.
Herbert Schwarz from practicing medicine while he fights charges against him of
gross negligence and incompetence.

But defense lawyer Nathan Dembin insisted the action would not cancel a court
order that allows Schwarz to practice medicine while he battles state charges of
mishandling 11 abortions.

"You can't take away someone's right to practice a profession and earn a
livelihood without affording him due process," Dembin said.

In an emergency order, the state Health Department suspended Schwarz' license
last week. But Schwarz, 65, got Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Richard Lowe 3d
to issue a restraining order blocking the suspension.

Yesterday, aides to Vacco filed an appeal notice they said automatically lifted
the stay issued by Lowe.

"He's dangerous," Vacco spokesman Joe Mahoney said of Schwarz in explaining the
state's action.

"His judgment is so bad, we don't think he should be practicing medicine at
all," Mahoney said.

Dembin, however, argued that Lowe's order can be set aside only after a
September hearing before Lowe.

The legal battle rages over cases in which Schwarz allegedly injured women who
went to him for abortions.

In one, he is charged with mishandling an abortion on a woman who was seven
months pregnant which is four weeks above the 24-week state time limit.

Bleeding and in shock, the woman was rushed to a hospital for emergency surgery,
state officials said.

Dembin would not say whether Schwarz plans to practice medicine during the legal
battle. State health officials said they would monitor the physician to make
sure he does not treat patients before next month's hearing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 26, 1995, Saturday

LEGAL FIGHT ON ABORT DOC

BYLINE: By MICHAEL FINNEGAN Daily News Albany Bureau

SECTION: News  Pg. 6

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The medical practice of an upper East Side gynecologist charged with
incompetence for allegedly botching abortions hung in the balance yesterday as
attorneys waged a legal battle.

Attorney General Dennis Vacco filed an appeal that aides said would block Dr.
Herbert Schwarz from practicing medicine while he fights charges against him of
gross negligence and incompetence.

But defense lawyer Nathan Dembin insisted the action would not cancel a court
order that allows Schwarz to practice medicine while he battles state charges of
mishandling 11 abortions.

"You can't take away someone's right to practice a profession and earn a
livelihood without affording him due process," Dembin said.

In an emergency order, the state Health Department suspended Schwarz' license
last week. But Schwarz, 65, got Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Richard Lowe 3d
to issue a restraining order blocking the suspension.

Yesterday, aides to Vacco filed an appeal notice they said automatically lifted
the stay issued by Lowe.

"He's dangerous," Vacco spokesman Joe Mahoney said of Schwarz in explaining the
state's action.

"His judgment is so bad, we don't think he should be practicing medicine at
all," Mahoney said.

Dembin, however, argued that Lowe's order can be set aside only after a
September hearing before Lowe.

The legal battle rages over cases in which Schwarz allegedly injured women who
went to him for abortions.

In one, he is charged with mishandling an abortion on a woman who was seven
months pregnant which is four weeks above the 24-week state time limit.

Bleeding and in shock, the woman was rushed to a hospital for emergency surgery,
state officials said.

Dembin would not say whether Schwarz plans to practice medicine during the legal
battle. State health officials said they would monitor the physician to make
sure he does not treat patients before next month's hearing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 26, 1995, Saturday

LEGAL FIGHT ON ABORT DOC

BYLINE: By MICHAEL FINNEGAN Daily News Albany Bureau

SECTION: News  Pg. 6

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


The medical practice of an upper East Side gynecologist charged with
incompetence for allegedly botching abortions hung in the balance yesterday as
attorneys waged a legal battle.

Attorney General Dennis Vacco filed an appeal that aides said would block Dr.
Herbert Schwarz from practicing medicine while he fights charges against him of
gross negligence and incompetence.

But defense lawyer Nathan Dembin insisted the action would not cancel a court
order that allows Schwarz to practice medicine while he battles state charges of
mishandling 11 abortions.

"You can't take away someone's right to practice a profession and earn a
livelihood without affording him due process," Dembin said.

In an emergency order, the state Health Department suspended Schwarz' license
last week. But Schwarz, 65, got Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Richard Lowe 3d
to issue a restraining order blocking the suspension.

Yesterday, aides to Vacco filed an appeal notice they said automatically lifted
the stay issued by Lowe.

"He's dangerous," Vacco spokesman Joe Mahoney said of Schwarz in explaining the
state's action.

"His judgment is so bad, we don't think he should be practicing medicine at
all," Mahoney said.

Dembin, however, argued that Lowe's order can be set aside only after a
September hearing before Lowe.

The legal battle rages over cases in which Schwarz allegedly injured women who
went to him for abortions.

In one, he is charged with mishandling an abortion on a woman who was seven
months pregnant which is four weeks above the 24-week state time limit.

Bleeding and in shock, the woman was rushed to a hospital for emergency surgery,
state officials said.

Dembin would not say whether Schwarz plans to practice medicine during the legal
battle. State health officials said they would monitor the physician to make
sure he does not treat patients before next month's hearing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 25, 1995, Friday

STATE'S IN COURT TO BLOCK ABORT DOC

BYLINE: By MICHAEL FINNEGAN

SECTION: News; Pg.  6

LENGTH: 334 words


ALBANY State attorneys will go to court today in an effort to block an upper
East Side gynecologist from practicing medicine while he fights charges that he
botched abortions and injured patients.

A spokesman for Attorney General Dennis Vacco said state lawyers will pursue the
unusual court action because Dr. Herbert Schwarz "is a threat to his patients."

In an emergency action, state Health Commissioner Barbara DeBuono suspended
Schwarz' medical license last week on charges of gross negligence and
incompetence. Schwarz, 65, is accused of mishandling 11 abortions, including one
that left a woman sterile.

But Tuesday, Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Richard Lowe 3d issued a
restraining order that granted Schwarz permission to resume practicing medicine
temporarily so long as he doesn't perform abortions. The ruling runs until a
Sept. 13 court hearing scheduled by Lowe.

"We think the judge was wrong to let him continue practicing in light of the
evidence that the Health Department has compiled against him," said Vacco
spokesman Chris McKenna, explaining that state attorneys would ask Lowe to lift
the legal restraining order.

The court ruling and accusations against Schwarz have outraged patient
advocates. Laura Witkin, executive director of the National Center for Patients'
Rights, called Lowe's decision "unconscionable."

"What you have here is a mountain of information about a pattern of substandard
care that is very difficult to ignore," she said. "He has harmed more patients
in a year than most doctors harm in their entire professional lives."

Lowe said he could not comment on a pending case. Schwarz, who has denied
wrongdoing, referred questions to his attorney, Nathan Dembin, who did not
return calls.

Along with the state charges, Schwarz has been named in at least seven medical
malpractice lawsuits that accused him of mishandling abortions and injuring
patients. He paid $ 133,000 to settle two of the cases out of court, court
records show.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 9, 1988, Saturday, Final Edition

S&L Crisis Energizes St Germain;
House Banking Chairman Aims to Regain Hill Clout

BYLINE: Kathleen Day, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 771 words


House Banking Committee Chairman Fernand J. St Germain, who has kept a light
hand on regulatory matters, moved decisively this week to try to regain some of
the control Congress has lost over the nation's financial institutions.

The Rhode Island Democrat spent most of Thursday grilling the nation's top
saving and loan regulators about the S&L industry's record failures, a signal
that St Germain may provide tougher oversight of federal banking agencies than
in the past.

He also unveiled a long-awaited bill to give commercial banks new, albeit
limited, authority to underwrite securities, and many lobbyists and government
banking regulators believe that for the first time in years he is serious about
reforming banking law.

One widely held view is that St Germain is being spurred to action by the
government's mishandling of record S&L failures.

The situation is so dire that taxpayers may get stuck paying tens of billions of
dollars to solve the industry's problems. Blame for allowing the industry to
fall into such disarray will fall partly on St Germain, for eight years the head
of the committee entrusted with overseeing S&L regulation.

Many industry participants believe he also is reacting to federal judges and
bank regulators who have been giving banks greater freedom.

Because of its six years of inactivity, Congress has been a virtual bystander
when it comes to setting banking policy. St Germain's role in that inactivity
won him a steady stream of campaign contributions from financial companies that
oppose banking reform. It also has cost him political clout and credibility
among lawmakers and industry officials who think change is inevitable and that
Congress has an obligation to make sure it takes place in a controlled and fair
fashion.

Another motivation likely comes from Rep. John D. Dingell (D-Mich.), the strong
chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. Like St Germain, Dingell
traditionally has stymied bank deregulation; but unlike his colleague, Dingell
has increased his clout in Congress in the process.

During St Germain's 28 years in Congress he has climbed the power ladder by
being a cantankerous lawmaker disinclined to let anyone, even fellow
congressmen, know his intention when drafting legislation. He often is described
as having many allies who fear him but few friends who like him.

Now, as they watch their power whittled away by inaction, the 49 other members
of the Banking Committee are pushing St Germain to act.

But close watchers of the banking committee say the St Germain they see today is
the St Germain they've always seen. If he is acting tough and responsible, they
say, it's because he has to.

"The guy is doing nothing but adjusting to what needs to be done," said Patrick
Forte, a lobbyist for savings and loan holding companies.

Others say that St Germain has become more serious since federal prosecutors
decided not to pursue the issue of whether he accepted thousands of dollars in
unreported meals, entertainment and other perks from financial lobbyists.

Today, the ruddy-faced 60-year-old is more likely to be seen with his wife on a
golf course, they say, than carousing with savings and loan lobbyists. As
recently as last fall, St Germain continued to be seen at Washington's Prime Rib
Restaurant with James (Snake) Freeman, a top S&L lobbyist.

Toning down his life style has put St Germain in a more arm's-length position to
the industry he is supposed to regulate, they say.

What does St Germain say about all this?

Nothing, at least not publicly. A spokesman said he was too busy for an
interview yesterday or over the weekend. He has declined repeated requests for
interviews during the last 2 1/2 years, and rarely if ever talks to reporters.

Last year, in an unusual interview on a local television station in Rhode
Island, St Germain stormed off the set when asked tough questions about a
Justice Department inquiry into his expense accounts.

Such outbursts traditionally have not seemed to hurt him among voters in his
home state, where he has a reputation as the champion of the underdog.

His political organization is so well run that even Republican opponents give
him credit. "If a constituent calls to say a pizza was delivered cold, they'll
have a hot one on their doorstep in minutes," quipped one. Attentiveness to
voters' wants -- from the delivery of fast food to Social Security checks -- has
won him a devoted following.

"By God, I would vote for him even if he were indicted or in jail," said Edgar
Lonpre, 75, a resident of St Germain's hometown of Woonsocket. "Why hold a
grudge?"


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ST GERMAIN IS VIEWED AS BEING SPURRED INTO ACTION BY
GOVERNMENT'S MISHANDLING OF CRISIS. JAMES K.W. ATHERTON

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Chairman Goodlatte&#226;&#128;&#153;s Statement at Hearing with
Attorney General Lynch

LENGTH: 953  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee has issued
the following press release:



 Welcome, Attorney General Lynch, to your second appearance before the House
Judiciary Committee.



 The flags over the Capitol are flying at half-mast in recognition of the five
Dallas police officers murdered in cold blood last week.  This was not an arrest
gone wrong.  The person who carried out this appalling act of terror and hate
stalked and murdered five police officers, and injured seven others and two
civilians, ostensibly in retaliation for recent police shootings, including the
tragic and fatal shootings in Minnesota and Louisiana last week.





 We all mourn those tragedies.  The divisiveness between our police and our
communities must end. I ask that we observe a moment of silence for all those
who have lost their lives in these tragedies.



 We must not give in to hate and let emotion replace reason.  We must bridge the
divide that separates us and embrace one another as Americans.  And we must have
faith that the institutions that have sustained our Republic for the last 240
years will deliver fair, impartial justice to victims of crime, and punish the
guilty. I look forward to your thoughts on this important matter.



 The American people also expect government officials to abide by the law just
like everyone else; and to be reprimanded when they break the law.  That is not
the case for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.



 Last week, FBI Director James Comey announced that he would not recommend
criminal charges against Secretary Clinton for her use of a private email server
while at the State Department and the mishandling of classified information.



 The timing of and circumstances surrounding this announcement are particularly
troubling.



 On Monday, June 27, Attorney General Lynch, you met privately with former
President Bill Clinton aboard your plane on the tarmac of the Phoenix airport,
despite the fact that his wife was the target of an ongoing criminal
investigation.  This encounter is even more troubling if the FBI is also
investigating improper donations to the Clinton Foundation, which was founded by
former President Clinton, a member of the foundation's board of directors.



 Five days later, the FBI held its first and only interview with Secretary
Clinton after a year-long investigation.  Three days later, and on the first day
back from a holiday weekend, Director Comey publicly announced that he was not
recommending charges against Secretary Clinton.



 And, a mere 24 hours later, Attorney General Lynch, you issued a press release
announcing that no charges would be brought against Secretary Clinton.



 While Director Comey may have refused to criminally indict Hillary Clinton, his
public pronouncement and subsequent congressional testimony is nonetheless a
public indictment of her conduct and character.  Though Director Comey declined
to recommend charges, he laid out sufficient facts to warrant a referral to the
Justice Department.  That forces one to confront the question of whether someone
who was not in Secretary Clinton's position would have fared as well with the
FBI as she did.



 Secretary Clinton stated repeatedly that no classified information was
contained within her private email system.  This is not true.  The FBI found 110
e-mails in 52 e-mail chains containing classified information at the time they
were sent or received.



 Secretary Clinton stated repeatedly that no information in her emails was
marked classified.  This is not true.  The FBI found that some of these emails
were marked classified.  Secretary Clinton said all relevant emails were
returned to the State Department. This is not true.  The FBI found thousands of
work-related emails that were not returned.



 But all of this evidence, according to Director Comey, amounted only to
"extreme carelessness" by Secretary Clinton and her staff.  And although the
Director admitted that "there is evidence of potential violations of the
statutes regarding the handling of classified information," he went so far as to
publicly declare that "no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case."



 This defies logic and the law.



 Contrary to Director Comey's assertions, the law does not require evidence that
a person intended to harm the United States in order to be criminally liable for
the mishandling of classified information.  To be sure, Congress has set forth a
variety of statutes on this subject, with different intent requirements and
penalties.



 Were a rank-and-file federal employee to do what Secretary Clinton did, they
would face severe punishment, including termination, revocation of security
clearances, or criminal prosecution.  Even Director Comey acknowledged this fact
at a recent congressional hearing. But Secretary Clinton is not facing
prosecution for her actions.



 This has now become an issue for Congress in that it appears Secretary Clinton
testified falsely when appearing under oath before the Select Committee on
Benghazi. Yesterday, I and Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Chaffetz
asked the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia to investigate Secretary
Clinton's testimony before Congress.



 Secretary Clinton's "extreme carelessness" possibly jeopardized the safety and
security of our citizens and nation.  Her "extreme carelessness" suggests she
cannot be trusted with the nation's most sensitive secrets if she is
nevertheless elected president.



 Frankly, the FBI's conclusion leaves many more questions than answers. We hope,
Madam Attorney General, to get answers to these questions today.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           December 14, 2015, Monday

Ex-employee files lawsuit against DHHR

BYLINE: Kate White, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 916 words


A woman who worked 15 years as an investigator for the state Medical Examiner's
Office claims she was fired for refusing to take part in a plot to conceal the
office's mishandling of human remains.

Regina D. Reynolds accuses the state Department of Health and Human Resources
Bureau for Public Health in a lawsuit filed Thursday of firing her when she
refused to burn the human remains she found in a box in the office. The remains
were supposed to have been buried in a cemetery.

While working last year in an evidence room of the DHHR, Reynolds discovered the
skeletal remains of a man, identified in the lawsuit only by his initials, "D.H.
Reynolds recognized the remains from a 2010 case, which she had worked on with
forensic anthropologist Doug Owsley, according to the lawsuit. She remembered
the case because of D.H.'s "unique skeletal features, according to the lawsuit.

When she found the case file for "D.H. she noticed that the file signaled the
case had been closed, and a document in the file said the DHHR had released the
corpse in March 2011 to the Charleston Mortuary. The remains had been returned
to D.H.'s family, the file stated, according to the complaint. And D.H. had been
buried at the West Virginia National Cemetery in Grafton, according to the death
certificate.

"This information was highly concerning to Ms. Reynolds because this meant that
either D.H. had not actually been buried in the West Virginia National Cemetery
and the grave bearing his name is empty, or another person is buried in the
grave bearing D.H.'s name, the lawsuit states.

Reynolds worked from 2000 until she was fired in July as a medicolegal
investigator, a job that consisted of conducting fingerprinting, photography,
assisting the forensic anthropologist employed with the Smithsonian Institution
and responding to crime scenes and disasters, according to her complaint. She
also served as a liaison between the pathologist, law enforcement and county
medical examiners.

Charleston attorneys Todd Bailess, Rodney Smith and Joy Mega filed the lawsuit
on her behalf.

Upon finding the remains, Reynolds claims she notified Don Raynes, the acting
chief medical examiner, and asked him to meet her in the evidence room, where
the remains were located.

Raynes arrived with his assistant, Michelle O'Brien, according to the lawsuit.

After Reynolds told Raynes about what she had discovered, Raynes turned to his
assistant and allegedly stated, "This is not good, the complaint states.

"In an attempt to cover up what Ms. Reynolds uncovered, Mr. Raynes ordered Ms.
Reynolds to get rid of the problem by burning D.H.'s remains, the lawsuit
states.

Reynolds' lawsuit states she knew following that order would be illegal and
unethical so she refused.

She contacted Jim Hanshaw, who was her immediate supervisor and chief
investigator at the time, according to the complaint. A man named Johnny Douglas
arrived with Hanshaw and Reynolds says she showed both men the file on D.H. and
his remains. She also told the men that Raynes had told her to burn the remains.

Hanshaw said that would not be appropriate, according to the lawsuit.

Reynolds contacted the Office of the Inspector General. She spent May 1 being
interviewed by the OIG for more than four hours, according to the complaint.

While there, according to the lawsuit, she expressed concern that she would be
fired for coming forward about the remains and her allegations against Raynes.

An investigator with the OIG, Tim Tomer, allegedly told her that she couldn't be
fired because she was a witness.

Two days after she met with OIG representatives, she was called to Raynes'
office, according to the complaint.

O'Brien and Douglas were with Raynes in his office when Reynolds arrived. Raynes
allegedly became angry and knew that someone had contacted and filed a complaint
with OIG officials.

He allegedly held up files in the air with Reynolds' name and allegedly stated
he was going to give OIG files about cases she had worked on.

Reynolds knew then, her lawsuit states, that Raynes had found out about her
complaint against him.

On May 5, the day after Raynes confronted her, Reynolds was asked to attend a
conference over allegations that she, herself, had mishandled evidence and
become the target of an inspector general investigation.

Hanshaw, Douglas and other representatives from the DHHR and OIG were at the
conference. Reynolds was read her Miranda Rights and questioned about the
allegations over mishandling evidence.

Several of the files concerning the allegations against her were years old, the
lawsuit states. But when she asked to review the files in question so she could
possibly refresh her memory, her request was denied.

Several days later, after the conference, Reynolds received a letter from the
DHHR that her employment was being suspended without pay pending an
investigation into the allegations she had mishandled evidence. The letter
directed her to turn over her work-related keys, ID cards and access cards for
the parking lot and work sites.

On July 1, she received another letter stating she had been fired.

Her lawsuit asks that she be compensated under the state whistleblower act for
damages for indignity, embarrassment, humiliation and emotional distress. She
does not want her job back, the lawsuit states.

Toby Wagoner, spokesman for the DHHR, said Friday that the office doesn't
comment on pending litigation or personnel issues.

Reach Kate White at kate.white@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-1723 or follow
@KateLWhite on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 10, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

9 Charged In Maryland Insurance Case

BYLINE: By David A. Vise, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; D7

LENGTH: 705 words


Nine Maryland insurance agencies have been charged by the Maryland Insurance
Commission with keeping between $2 million and $3 million in premiums, rather
than turning in the fees to their insurance companies.

That brings to 12 the number of agencies the commission has accused of
mishandling clients' funds this year.

Premiums improperly retained by the agencies were supposed to be forwarded to
insurance companies or refunded to former policyholders, insurance commission
officials said. The problem is so widespread, officials said, that a special
inspection team will continue the investigation until every agency in the state
has been cleared.

None of the individuals who purchased policies have been left without coverage.
State law makes the insurance company responsible for coverage once its agent
collects a premium, even if the company never received money from the agent.

Allegations of the widespread abuses reported late last month are being reviewed
by prosecutors in Baltimore to determine whether any criminal charges will be
lodged, according to assistant state's attorney Bernard Cole, chief of the Major
Frauds Divison.

Agencies found guilty in administrative hearings before the insurance division
face maximum fines of $500 for each violation in addition to suspension or
revocation of their broker's licenses.

Insurance commission officials believe the recession may be one of the causes of
improper handling of funds. Many agencies face cash shortages, making daily
operations difficult, according to deputy insurance commissioner Edward J. Muhl.

"An insurance agency with built-in expenses might have a tendency to keep
premiums to pay their daily expenses instead of passing them along as the law
requires," Muhl said.

One official within the insurance division said he thinks the investigation
should focus on insurance companies. Insurance companies could apply sufficient
pressure on agents to halt the practice in much less time than it would take to
investigate every agency in Maryland, according to insurance division spokesman
Byron Roberts.

The only case heard thus far involves the largest insurance agency on Maryland's
Eastern Shore, The Hardester Corp.

Roberts said Hardester owes nine creditors, including a broker for Lloyds of
London, at least $1 million. The broker, Harrison Horncastle Insurance Brokers
Ltd. of London, has taken over operations of the Hardester Corp., Roberts said.

The only other hearing scheduled involves West Baltimore state delegate Frank M.
Conoway. Conoway allegedly mishandled premium funds through Ashburton Insurance
Ltd.

Conoway refused to comment on the charges yesterday.

According to the insurance division, the initial six charges brought late last
month were against:

* Perkins & Associates, Bethesda, and agents Frances C. Perkins, C. Graham
Perkins, Robert E. Cogan and Lenny C. Walker, for allegedly failing to pay
$387,863 to two insurance insurance companies in 1981 and 1982.

* Larry Parks Insurance, Lutherville, and agent Larry W. Parks Jr., for
allegedly mishandling $146,590 in 1981 and 1982 by failing to remit premiums and
by charging a premium finance company for policies that did not exist and, in
one case, a client who did not exist.

* Kent Insurance Co., Rockville, and agent Robert H. Kent, for allegedly failing
to forward $146,018 due an insurance company and clients in 1982.

* Stem Insurance Co., Eldersburg, and agent Thomas V. Stem, for allegedly
failing to pay two insurance companies $92,205 he had collected in premiums in
1980, 1981, and 1982.

* Consumers Financial Services Inc., McLean, Va., and Dealers Management Inc.,
of Randallstown, and principals James H. Thornboro and David R. Cohen, for
allegedly failing to pay $67,757 in collected premiums to an insurance company
since 1980 and for allegedly operating without proper broker's licenses.

* Linmarc Insurance, La Plata, and agents Mildred A. Stephenson and Carroll D.
Stephenson, for allegedly mishandling $16,937, including $4,558 owed to the
state in 1981 for withholding taxes, and $9,070 in bounced checks.

Details of other charges by the division against the other six Maryland
insurance agencies were not available yesterday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Wife can sue lawyer for mishandling life insurance policy, says South Carolina
Supreme Court

BYLINE: Correy Stephenson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 304  words


A surviving wife can sue her former lawyer for mishandling the proceeds of her
husband's life insurance policy, the South Carolina Supreme Court has ruled in
reversing summary judgment for the lawyer and his firm.

When her husband was hospitalized with a serious illness, the wife sought legal
advice. Her husband had changed the beneficiary of his $500,000 life insurance
policy from a five-way split between her and his four sons to making the wife
the sole beneficiary.

The law firm advised the wife to negotiate a settlement with the sons, which she
did. The firm then informed her it had agreed to represent the estate.

The wife later came to believe she had received much less than she was entitled
to and brought suit against the firm. She argued that the firm breached its
fiduciary duty by failing to disclose any potential conflict of interest and/or
obtaining her consent to waive this conflict.

The court agreed, finding that a duty existed. It remanded the case to the trial
court for a jury to determine if that duty was breached.

"It is undisputed that attorneys owe fiduciary duties to existing clients. In
addition, fiduciary duties created by an attorney-client relationship may be
breached even though the formal representation has ended. ... Thus, although
[the wife] is not owed a fiduciary duty based on her status as a beneficiary of
the estate, she alleged [the firm's] fiduciary duty arose based on their prior
attorney-client relationship. We conclude [the firm] owed a fiduciary duty to
[its] former client, [the wife].   This duty included, among other obligations,
the obligation not to act in a manner adverse to her interests in matters
substantially related to the prior representation," the court said.

South Carolina Supreme Court. Spence v. Wingate, No. 27055. Oct. 17, 2011.
Lawyers USA No. 993-3294.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Review: 40,000 cases linked to lab scandal

BYLINE: Bob Salsberg And Bridget Murphy, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 936 words


Aug. 21--BOSTON -- A disgraced former state chemist may have tainted more
prosecutions than officials had first estimated, an independent reviewer of
narcotics cases said Tuesday.

More than 40,000 defendants may have been affected by the chemist's mishandling
of samples, said David Meier, an attorney appointed by the governor last fall to
review prosecutions connected to the scandal that shuttered the William A.
Hinton State Laboratory Institute in Jamaica Plain.

Meier, a former prosecutor who led a file-by-file review of narcotics cases in
which Annie Dookhan tested samples, submitted his final report along with a
database of potentially affected defendants.

The names will not be made public, but will be available to prosecutors, defense
attorneys and judges so that "fundamental fairness can be done in the
courtrooms," he said.

Authorities had previously estimated that Dookhan had tested samples involving
about 34,000 defendants.

They have alleged that Dookhan tampered with evidence and faked results during
her nine years at the lab. Dookhan, 35, of Franklin, has pleaded not guilty to a
27-count indictment related to her alleged wrongdoing in cases stemming from six
counties.

Cape cases

The Cape and Islands were among the counties affected by Dookhan's alleged
misdeeds.

All told, about 2,500 cases in this area were affected, District Attorney
Michael O'Keefe said Tuesday.

O'Keefe is also president of the Massachusetts District Attorneys Association.

In July, members of his office estimated they had combed through 3,500
individual drug test certificates to determine which cases might be affected.

Although Meier's announcement and report Tuesday provided a higher estimate of
defendants affected by the scandal than previously reported, O'Keefe said that
it wasn't a surprise to most criminal justice officials.

"We've known all along what our number is, and most other offices have as well.
This is not news to us," he said.

Of the 2,500 cases affected on the Cape and Islands, only 17 defendants were
behind bars and had their sentences put on hold while the matter was resolved,
according to figures provided by O'Keefe's office in early July.

Three of those people had their stays rescinded for violating judges' orders.

About $147,000 of the $30 million in state funds to deal with the fallout from
the scandal went to O'Keefe's office.

For O'Keefe and other district attorneys who have known for a year what they've
been up against, the "only important issue" is the expected report by state
Inspector General Glenn Cuhna, which will indicate "the overall health of the
lab in the non-Annie Dookhan cases," O'Keefe said.

That report, which was originally anticipated in June, is now expected to arrive
soon, O'Keefe said. "The report ... will determine what happens going forward
here and what is going to be required to fix and deal with those cases if
there's a problem revealed by the inspector general's report. That's the report
we're waiting for."

Gov. Deval Patrick thanked Meier for his work to try to help resolve the legal
morass.

"Now, with this detailed information, the many participants in the criminal
justice system can do the work of getting each individual case right," Patrick
said in a statement Tuesday.

Administration officials also said Tuesday that the state had spent $7.6 million
to date in dealing with the crisis, with another $2.8 million approved for
expenditure. The Legislature has authorized up to $30 million to cover costs
incurred by the court system, prosecutors, public defenders and other state
agencies.

Meier's law firm of Todd & Weld was paid separately $12,500 per month during the
review, the governor's office said.

A year ago, Patrick ordered the lab closed after state police took over the
facility through a budget directive and uncovered what they called Dookhan's
failure to follow testing protocols and her deliberate mishandling of evidence.

The scandal sent a ripple through the state's criminal justice system, exposing
thousands of convictions to legal challenges.

A state spokesman said last week that least 337 state prison inmates have been
released from custody as a result of the lab scandal, and the Massachusetts
District Attorneys Association said at least 1,115 cases were dismissed or not
prosecuted because of Dookhan's involvement or because of problems with
producing documents because of the lab closure.

Of the 40,323 individuals identified by Meier's team, about 10,000 were deemed
as priority cases because the suspects were incarcerated, awaiting trial in
Superior Court or serving sentences based on samples tested by Dookhan,
according to the report.

Nonviolent offenders

Meier said the vast majority of the remaining 30,000 individuals were nonviolent
or first-time drug offenders whose cases were heard at the lower district court
level.

Defense attorneys and legal rights advocates said those people deserved justice
as well.

"We cannot do this on a case-by-case basis, it's too costly, and it makes no
sense," said Matthew Segal, legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union
of Massachusetts, who urged the courts to drop charges against or vacate the
convictions of all remaining individuals whose cases did not involve violence.

Police arrested Dookhan last September, and a grand jury issued an indictment in
December that charged her with crimes including obstruction of justice and
perjury.

Times staff writers Heather Wysocki and C. Ryan Barber contributed to this
report.

___ (c)2013 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130821-CA-Review-40,000-cases-linked-to-lab-scandal-0821-20130821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2013 Cape Code Times


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

Cap One to Pay Military Borrowers $12M in Justice Settlement

BYLINE: Maria Aspan

SECTION: CONSUMER FINANCE Vol. 177 No. F329

LENGTH: 810  words


Â

Capital One (COF) will pay $12 million to military customers it overcharged for
loans, as part of a settlement with the Department of Justice and the Office of
the Comptroller of the Currency.

The agencies on Thursday announced a lawsuit and an enforcement action against
Capital One over violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, a law that
bars lenders from foreclosing on active duty military members and caps their
interest rate on all pre-existing consumer debt at 6%. Over a five-year period,
Capital One employees failed to apply the interest-rate cap for some eligible
credit card and auto loan customers and initiated foreclosure and car
repossession proceedings against a handful of active duty servicemembers,
according to the Justice Department

"Today's actions by the OCC and the Department of Justice help assure that
servicemembers receive every benefit they are entitled to under the law in the
future and serve to correct past violations of SCRA," Thomas J. Curry, the
comptroller of the currency, said in prepared remarks during a conference call.

He added that the two agencies' actions are "a good example of where government
is working to ensure financial institutions not only operate in a safe and sound
manner but in a way that treats all of their customers fairly."

It is the second recent big-dollar regulatory action against Capital One, which
last week found itself the target of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's
first enforcement action. The McLean, Va., bank agreed to pay penalties totaling
$210 million in that case, to settle claims that it improperly marketed its
credit card add-on products, including payment protection plans.Â

But Capital One is only the latest big bank to face charges of mishandling
military customer accounts. Last year, Bank of America (BAC) agreed to pay $20
million in restitution to SCRA borrowers as part of a similar deal with the
Justice Department In early 2011, JPMorgan Chase (JPM) also overhauled its
lending practices to military customers, after acknowledging that it had failed
to enforce the law.

Capital One announced a similar overhaul Thursday as part of the settlement.
Starting August 1, the bank will lower the interest rate for all SCRA-eligible
accounts to 4%, below the 6% cap mandated by the law. It will apply SCRA
benefits to new loans taken out while the military customer is on active duty,
not just before their duty begins, and the bank will also extend the 4% cap on
all loans for a year after the military customer's duty ends. (SCRA requires
that the cap be extended for a year on mortgages only.)

The deal also requires Capital One to hire an independent consulting firm to
identify all the borrowers who were eligible for SCRA benefits and financially
harmed by the violations. The firm will conduct a comprehensive review of the
bank's treatment of servicemembers who were eligible for or requested SCRA
benefits, for the period between July 15, 2006 and July 25, 2012.Â  The
consulting firm will also review credit card accounts that Capital One now
issues on behalf of Kohl's (KSS) department stores, after buying the loans from
JPMorgan Chase last year.

Bank spokeswoman Tatiana Stead would not identify the firm Capital One has
hired, but said the Justice Department agreed to its selection. The review is
already underway, she said.

Stead says Capital One found "operational errors that led to the mishandling of
some SCRA accounts" between July 2006 to November 2011. She would not disclose
the total number of borrowers affected, but said that bank employees improperly
initiated foreclosure proceedings against four active-duty military homeowners.

"We sincerely apologize and are providing restitution to our impacted customers,
and will be providing lower rates and greater benefits than the law requires to
all eligible servicemembers," John G. Finneran, Jr. Capital One's general
counsel, said in a statement.

As with its CFPB deal, Capital One did not admit wrongdoing as part of the
settlement with the Justice Department The bank will pay approximately $7
million in damages to affected servicemembers, including at least $125,000 in
compensation plus reparation for lost equity to each affected customer whose
home was foreclosed upon, and at least $10,000 in compensation plus reparation
for each affected customer whose car was repossessed. An additional $5 million
will be paid to military customers whose loans were not capped at the 6% rate.
The bank will pay an additional $55,000 penalty to the Justice Department

The agency said in a press release that Capital One "cooperated fully" with the
investigation and has agreed to pay more than $12 million if audits turn up
violations in the assets it bought from ING Direct and HSBC.

The settlement is subject to court approval, and was filed on Thursday in
federal court in Alexandria, Va.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            October 30, 2006 Monday

Can coach-bashing become defamation?

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 778 words


So you think the high school coach is a jerk, and you want someone to stop him
from yelling at your kid during practices?

Careful what you say. Depending on which way the Utah Supreme Court rules in a
pending case, you might be successfully sued for defamation if your criticism is
too harsh.

The case pits Michael O'Connor, who coached the Lehi High School girls'
basketball team for three years, against parents who alleged he was demoralizing
team members by berating them and favoring one player over the others.

At the end of the 2003-04 season, tensions had risen so much that relatives of
some of the players wrote letters outlining their concerns and a handful of them
spoke at an Alpine School District Board meeting about their frustrations. A few
months later, in September 2004, the Lehi High principal dismissed O'Connor as
head coach of the team.

O'Connor then filed a suit accusing 27 parents of making defamatory statements
to get him fired because they were jealous of the playing time received by the
top player. The defendants responded that nothing they said or wrote was
defamatory and that the federal and state constitutions protect their right to
petition government officials for redress of their grievances.

As the referees in the case, Utah Supreme Court justices will hear arguments on
Friday about whether to reinstate the lawsuit, which was dismissed by a 4th
District judge.

The justices will consider whether O'Connor, who still teaches at Lehi and is
head golf coach, is a public official. That designation requires him to show the
parents made statements with actual malice, meaning they either knew they were
false or had serious doubts about whether they were true - a tough standard to
meet.

The court's decision could affect how much leeway people have in complaining
about a coach or a teacher, according to lawyer Jesse Trentadue, who represents
the parents.

A ruling that O'Connor is not a public official, he said, would hamper a
person's right to publicly criticize and the right to ask the government - in
this case, a school board - to address concerns.

"It cuts right to the heart of the First Amendment," Trentadue said.

Joseph Rust, an attorney for O'Connor, counters that parents have many
opportunities to bring legitimate complaints. The school administration
addressed their concerns but the parents still wrote "inflammatory letters," he
said.

And in a friend-of-the-court brief, the Utah Education Association argues that
educators, including coaches, are not public figures.

According to a brief by the defendants, the girls basketball team improved its
winning percentage while O'Connor was coach from 2001 to 2004, but the
increasing success was accompanied by sinking morale.

The complaints began piling up over alleged abusive comments, a suspected
recruitment irregularity and possible mishandling of money raised by players.
Particularly troublesome to many of the parents was O'Connor's perceived
favoritism toward Michelle Harrison, a 6-foot-2 forward considered one of the
top players in Utah.

School administrators investigated and concluded there was no wrongful
recruiting based on rules in place at the time or mishandling of funds by
O'Connor. But the parents were still upset by the way the coach yelled at their
daughters and allegedly failed to give them their share of playing time.

Soon after the board meeting, according to the parents' brief, the Lehi High
principal was told that O'Connor had said he might cut from the team two girls
whose parents had been particularly outspoken. The parents say the principal
relieved O'Connor of his duties as head coach for refusing to recant that
statement.

O'Connor describes his firing a little differently.

"Even after the parents had made their false, accusatory claims, the girls who
were the daughters of the parents' ringleaders continued to play on the team,"
his lawyers wrote in a brief. "However, when O'Connor refused to commit that he
would never cut them and refused to guarantee them significant playing time, he
was terminated. Somehow, what was a privilege under Utah law became a right at
Lehi High School."

Harrison transferred to Mountain View High in fall 2004. The Utah High School
Activities Association approved the transfer based on evidence that the
environment at Lehi was too negative for her to succeed. She flourished at her
new school and was named a McDonald's All-American last spring.

In January, 4th District Judge James R. Taylor granted judgment in favor of the
parents, ruling O'Connor is a public official and that he had produced no
evidence the defendants acted with actual malice. That ruling led to the appeal.

pmanson@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             April 4, 2006 Tuesday

Washington dispatches

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 758 words


JOSE PADILLA
 Court rejects detention plea
 A divided Supreme Court turned back a challenge to the Bush administration's
wartime detention powers, rejecting an appeal from U.S. citizen Jose Padilla who
until recently had been held as an enemy combatant without traditional legal
rights.

Chief Justice John Roberts and two others signaled concerns about the
government's handling of Padilla and said they would be watching to ensure he
receives the protections "guaranteed to all federal criminal defendants."

Three other justices wanted the court to consider immediately whether President
Bush overstepped his authority by ordering Padilla's detention.

The former Chicago gang member and convert to Islam was held in a military
prison as an alleged enemy combatant for 31/2 years, part of that time without
access to lawyers.

His supporters wanted the Supreme Court to use his case to declare that
Americans cannot be arrested on U.S. soil and held incommunicado.

But with Padilla's appeal pending, the government abruptly changed its strategy.
Prosecutors brought criminal charges in Florida last fall, and now Padilla, 32,
has what his lawyers sought all along, traditional legal rights as part of the
federal court system.

ANNUAL SURVEY
 Airline quality
 JetBlue and other low-fare airlines once again held the top rankings in a
national survey of carrier quality. The survey found that people are flying more
and complaining more.

Following JetBlue in the rankings were Air Tran, Independence Air and Southwest.
Independence has since gone out of business.

The annual survey, released yesterday, said people are boarding planes as often
as they did before the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackings -- and complaints about
airline service are growing as well.

Brent Bowen, a study co-author and professor at the University of Nebraska at
Omaha's Aviation Institute, says customers are less satisfied with airline
service because carriers have slashed jobs and rolled back workers' pay and
benefits, developments that affect customer service.

"The demoralized work force is probably contributing to the fact that the
consumer doesn't feel as well-treated any more," Bowen said.

The number of complaints is the worst in five years, he said.

The year 2000 was the high watermark for flight delays, cancellations and
seething passengers left stranded in terminals.

Among the study's conclusions:

---Southwest Airlines had the lowest rate of complaints, 0.18 per 100,000
passengers, while US Airways had the highest, 1.86.

---ATA had the highest rate of denied boardings, 2.75 per 10,000 passengers;
JetBlue had the lowest at 0.

---AirTran had the best baggage handling rate, mishandling 3.43 bags per 1,000
passengers; and Atlantic Southeast had the worst, [mishandling 17.41 bags per
1,000 passengers.

Customers' biggest gripe is likely to be lost baggage.

Complaints increased 17 percent last year over 2004 and the rate of mishandled
baggage jumped from 4.83 per 1,000 passengers to 6.06 in 2005.

Intense competition from low-fare airlines and high jet-fuel prices have forced
many established carriers to cut back or charge passengers for amenities.

Many airlines no longer serve meals on flights. Some charge for pillows. Size
and weight limits for baggage have been lowered and are more strictly enforced.

"Airlines know their consumers," Headley said. "I'm not sure they know how far
they can push them."

David Castelveter, spokesman for the Air Transport Association that represents
most U.S. carriers, said airlines know their service has suffered and they're
trying to improve it.

"They're trying their best," he said. "They're taking advantage of technology to
make the airport experience more pleasant."

Airlines have installed ticketing kiosks and machines that read boarding passes
at the gates, and they've added flight delay information to their Web sites,
Castelveter said.

But airlines don't have control over all the things that annoy passengers, the
industry spokesman added.

"They're dealing with weather delays, air traffic control delays and new
security measures," he said. "You've got airplanes misconnecting, passengers
misconnecting and baggage misconnecting. That all translates into unhappy
passengers."

The Airline Quality Rating study is based on Transportation Department
statistics for airlines that carry at least 1 percent of the passengers who flew
domestically last year. It's sponsored by the University of Nebraska-Omaha's avi

 ation institute and Wichita State.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Booz Allen Reaps Big Benefits From U.S.

BYLINE: By CATHERINE RAMPELL

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; ECONOMIX; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 823 words


Lining the roadways out to Dulles Airport in Virginia, filling the many boxy
office buildings near the Pentagon, and adding to the sprawl heading north from
the city far into the Maryland suburbs are countless private companies reliant
on taxpayer-financed government contracts that have helped transform Washington
into one of the richest areas in the country.

But few are as successful as Booz Allen Hamilton, the government contractor
whose employee, Edward J. Snowden, has acknowledged leaking national security
documents revealing details of the government's extensive surveillance programs.

Businesses in Washington, Virginia and Maryland have become increasingly
dependent on government money over the years, and as of 2011 federal spending
accounted for 39 percent of the region's economic output, according to a report
from Stephen S. Fuller, the director of the Center for Regional Analysis at
George Mason University. The biggest beneficiaries include the armies of
contract workers for the government's sprawling national security empire.

Of the 10 biggest local employers in the region (besides the federal government)
last year, four were major military, aerospace and cybersecurity contractors
(the Science Applications International Corporation, Northrop Grumman, Booz
Allen and Lockheed Martin), according to an annual list compiled by The
Washington Post.

Others in the top 10, like the University of Maryland at College Park, receive
taxpayer money for a variety of federal projects, and even those that do not are
still benefiting from the increasing spending power of local residents employed
through government money. The same goes for the smaller employers, like
restaurants, gyms, shops, and dry cleaners that serve the growing
professional-class work force in the area.

The contractors also tend to earn much more than their public payroll
counterparts, which helps drive up local household incomes. Today, of the 50
most populous metropolitan areas in the country, the Washington area has one of
the highest concentrations of high-income households. The Washington area also
dominates the list of counties with the highest median household incomes.

National security contractors are not the only local residents getting rich as a
result of government policy: in recent years, the stimulus package and other new
laws and regulations (like the Affordable Care Act) and proposed laws (like tax
reform) have sustained and improved the careers of lobbyists, lawyers and
consultants.

Government-related money is one reason the Washington economy was relatively
insulated from the recession and its difficult aftermath. In both 2011 and 2012,
in a ranking of the top 50 metropolitan areas, residents of the Washington area
expressed the most confidence in the American economy, according to Gallup.

That optimism probably reflects these residents' own job situations. The
unemployment rate in the Washington metro area encompassing Northern Virginia
and parts of Maryland and West Virginia was just 5 percent in April (not
seasonally adjusted), the most recent month for which data are available. Even
at its recent business cycle peak, in early 2010, it was just 7 percent. By
comparison, the country's jobless rate peaked at a seasonally adjusted rate of
10 percent, and is now 7.6 percent.

Of course, there is concern that the metropolitan area's glory days are over, as
Congress cut $85 billion from military and domestic programs on March 1 for the
fiscal year ending Sept. 30. The Center for Regional Analysis estimates that the
District of Columbia, Virginia and Maryland will collectively lose 330,819 jobs
as a result of the so-called sequestration, accounting for about 21 percent of
total job cuts nationwide.

Booz Allen -- which earned $1.3 billion, or 23 percent of its total revenue, in
the last fiscal year from intelligence work -- might be particularly worried
about the federal spigot's being tightened after this new security breach. Not
surprisingly, Booz Allen's stock price fell 2.56 percent on Monday.

In its recent annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in
May, the company said that the main risks to its business include changes to
''U.S. government spending and mission priorities'' (like the sequester) and ''
mishandling or the perception of mishandling of sensitive information, such as
our failure to maintain the confidentiality of the existence of our business
relationships with certain of our clients or a failure to maintain adequate
protection against security breaches,'' which ''could harm our relationship with
U.S. government agencies.''

The company also said that it had already reduced the number of its employees in
the previous fiscal year by about 500 people, bringing the total head count to
24,455 people, ''due to modestly lower demand in an uncertain federal budget
environment.''

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://economix.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/06/10/the-booz-allen-economy/

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Booz Allen Hamilton offices in McLean, Va. Edward J.
Snowden, an employee, has said he leaked security documents. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
MICHAEL REYNOLDS/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 March 22, 2004 Monday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Methodists reflect on pastor verdict

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 968 words

DATELINE: ELLENSBURG, Wash.; SPRINGFIELD, N.J.; WASHINGTON; PYOTE, Texas


The acquittal of a lesbian Methodist pastor charged with violating church
doctrine drew praise and scorn Sunday across a denomination that may see its
divisions over homosexuality laid bare at a conference next month.

Saturday's acquittal of the Rev. Karen Dammann was celebrated Sunday at the
church where she used to preach in Ellensburg, a small town in central
Washington.

"I'm very pleased," said Dodie Haight, a member of the congregation who sat
through Dammann's trial about 95 miles away in the Seattle suburb of Bothell. "I
don't think the jury had an easy task, but I think they gave it long,
thoughtful, prayerful consideration."

A 13-pastor jury acquitted Dammann, 47, of violating a church ban on ordaining
"self-avowed, practicing homosexuals." If nine jurors had voted to convict,
Dammann could have lost her ministry.

At one point during Sunday's service, during the sharing of joys and concerns,
choir member Charlie McKinney said Dammann had taught the congregation about the
power of truth.

"She did a courageous thing and a difficult thing," McKinney said. "She did this
as a way to pull bricks from the age-old wall of prejudice, fear and exclusion."

But there was concern about the fallout for the United Methodist Church, the
nation's third-largest denomination with 8.5-million U.S. members. The United
Methodist Church has repeatedly voted against loosening its policy on
homosexuality.

"I believe the vast majority of United Methodists are in grief and shock today.
I'm personally heartbroken," said Patricia Miller, executive director of the
Confessing Movement, which claims more than 600,000 members.

"I think the issue is, a part of the jurisdiction has broken covenant with the
rest of the church and has decided to go the way of the world, as opposed to
being faithful to and abiding by church law."

Dammann said she planned to stay out of the public eye for a few days, but hopes
to return to Ellensburg as pastor. She's been on family leave for more than two
years, caring for her son, who has a respiratory illness.

Muslim chaplain's mother

wants Army to apologize

SPRINGFIELD, N.J. - The mother of an Army chaplain once charged with mishandling
classified information at a prison camp for suspected terrorists wants the
military to apologize for wrongly accusing her son.

Fong Yee, mother of Capt. James Yee, said the Army's decision last week to
dismiss charges against her son offered little reason to celebrate because the
military dropped the matter without clearing his name.

"Realize you made a mistake and apologize," Yee told the Sunday Star-Ledger of
Newark. "What's so wrong with that? It's an honorable thing to do. That's just
basic human decency."

The Army dropped the charges Friday, six months after accusing Yee of
mishandling classified material, failing to obey an order, making a false
official statement, adultery and conduct unbecoming an officer for allegedly
downloading pornography on his government laptop computer.

In dismissing the charges, Maj. Gen. Geoffrey D. Miller, commander of the task
force that operates the Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, detention center for terror
suspects, cited "national security concerns that would arise from the release of
the evidence" if the case proceeded.

Yee said the military branded her son a spy during the 76 days he was in
custody.

"People will always remember this spy stuff," she said.

National security adviser

won't face 9/11 panel

WASHINGTON - Starting Tuesday, the most important Sept. 11 Commission hearings
yet will scrutinize counterterror efforts of two presidential administrations -
but a star witness will not be there.

National security adviser Condoleezza Rice refuses to testify under oath,
insisting that presidential advisers need not answer to legislative bodies.

Tuesday the panel will grill Secretary of State Powell, Defense Secretary Donald
Rumsfeld and the two who held those jobs in the Clinton administration:
Madeleine Albright and William Cohen.

Up Wednesday are former counterterror adviser Richard Clarke, CIA Director
George Tenet and former national security adviser Sandy Berger.

Four die in crash

of medical helicopter

PYOTE, Texas - A medical helicopter crashed early Sunday en route to a hospital
and killed four people, including the 3-month-old patient and his mother.

A nurse was also critically injured in the crash near Pyote, said CeCe Wilmes,
head of emergency services at Medical Center Hospital in Odessa, where the
helicopter was based. The crash site is about 40 miles southwest of Odessa.

Gusty winds, rain and lightning were in the area at the time, although it has
not been determined if weather was a factor in the accident.

Ana Lillia Urias had brought her baby across the border from Mexico to seek
medical help, Wilmes said. The baby was being taken from a hospital in Alpine in
southwest Texas to University Medical Center in Lubbock.

Urban public schools

post better test scores

WASHINGTON - Students in the largest urban public school systems showed
improvement in reading and math in the first year under the federal education
overhaul, according to a coalition of inner-city schools.

The study by the Council of the Great City Schools reviewed state test scores
from 61 urban school districts in 37 states. It compared 2002 and 2003 test
results.

The council's executive director, Michael Casserly said the gains in
fourth-grade reading were especially impressive.

"It's one of the first signs that the major cities are making substantial
headway at the elementary school level in teaching students to read," he said.

The report being released today found that 47 percent of the fourth-graders
scored at or above proficiency in reading - almost 5 percent more than in 2002.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: IN BRIEF

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press; A Texas Department of Public Safety trooper
and members of the National Transportation Safety Board sift through remains of
a MCH CareStar helicopter that crashed near Pyote, Texas, early Sunday.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 7, 2011 Sunday

PG&E workers say safety warnings ignored

BYLINE: By Steve Johnson sjohnson@mercurynews.com © Copyright 2011, Bay Area
News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 1241 words


PG&E repeatedly ignored safety concerns raised by its employees in the years
before the deadly San Bruno explosion, and the workers were sometimes punished
for speaking up, according to lawsuits against the utility and interviews with
the workers.

James Redeker, whose job was to look for fraud and other misconduct as the
company's manager of investigations, said he was laid off when he complained
about "potentially explosive gas leaks" and falsified records. Steve Segale, a
gas-crew welding foreman, believes he lost out on lucrative overtime because he
complained about the same problems.

And when Mike Wiseman, a union safety leader, raised red flags about dangerous
gas-line working conditions, he said the utility detained him in a hotel
overnight, accused him of being "unstable" and made him submit to a psychiatric
evaluation.

The workers interviewed by this newspaper describe a pervasive corporate culture
where employees were discouraged from reporting safety problems and feared
retaliation if they did. Their allegations raise serious questions about PG&E's
ability to make its culture more safety-oriented -- as a state-appointed expert
panel recently said it must -- after the Sept. 9 San Bruno blast, which killed
eight people.

PG&E declined to comment on the employees' charges -- some of which have never
been publicly revealed -- because they constitute personnel matters, according
to company spokesman David Eisenhauer. He insisted, however, that "we absolutely
do not tolerate retaliation of any kind. We absolutely encourage any employee to
raise concerns at any time."

But at PG&E, many workers are afraid to speak out, according to Segale, 51.

"They're terrified," he said. "They're going to be branded 'not a team player.'
"

Better safe than sorry

Though it's not unusual for a public utility to be accused of wrongdoing by
disgruntled employees, the companies had better thoroughly examine the
allegations and not just dismiss them out of hand, said Anthony Sabino, a law
professor at St. John's University in New York, who has followed the San Bruno
disaster.

"If the claim reveals a genuine problem, good lord, do something about it before
somebody gets hurt," he said. "You can't let these things cascade into
disaster."

Yet Segale contends PG&E dragged its heels before starting a major probe into
its mishandling of natural gas leaks.

According to records obtained by The Utility Reform Network, a consumer group
that is often critical of PG&E, the company in 2007 found "deficiencies" in the
way some gas leaks had been handled and that company records had been falsified.
The documents were vague about the nature of the deficiencies. But the problems
were serious enough to prompt the company to retrain many of its workers and
fire others, including some supervisors.

PG&E representatives told this newspaper that the utility discovered the problem
after Segale and two other employees complained about it during a 2007
shareholders meeting. A year later, at the next shareholders meeting, PG&E CEO
Peter Darbee praised the workers for communicating "their concerns," according
to a PG&E transcript of the meeting. "It's unfortunate," he added, "that those
employees had to raise it to senior management."

Nothing new?

Workers say they had warned the company long before that.

One of them was Segale. He said in an interview that he complained in 2005 to a
company ethics hot line and to PG&E's fraud investigator, Redeker, that his boss
in Marin County was failing to fix some leaks and downplaying the seriousness of
others in falsified reports. Segale said he reported the misconduct after his
supervisor sought to discipline him for insisting on fixing a serious leak his
boss had told him not to repair.

Eventually, his boss, who had hoped to earn bonuses by minimizing problems in
his district, was fired, Segale said. But PG&E didn't immediately look for
similar problems elsewhere, he added, and Segale said the company punished his
forthrightness by denying him lucrative overtime work that other employees had
no trouble getting.

Redeker also said he told PG&E higher-ups in 2005 that leaks weren't being
repaired and records were falsified. He claimed in a lawsuit that the records
deception had led PG&E, the California Public Utilities Commission and the
public "to believe that potentially explosive gas leaks had been properly
repaired or had stopped leaking on their own, when, in fact, the underground gas
lines still were leaking gas in public places."

Nonetheless, the suit claimed, a PG&E attorney "strongly recommended" Redeker
keep quiet about the matter and the company "declined his offer" to help find
similar leak problems in other districts. Instead, Redeker said, he was laid off
in April 2006 in "retaliation" for reporting company misconduct. Four months
after he sued PG&E for wrongful termination, in 2008, the case was quietly
settled with the terms kept secret. The case was settled so quickly, PG&E didn't
even bother to file legal papers denying guilt, which is unusual for such
litigation.

A third person who tried to tell PG&E it was mishandling leaks was Jim Findley,
a 62-year-old mechanic who helps maintain gas pressure in pipes. He was among
the workers Darbee praised for having come forward in 2007. But Findley had
issued a similar warning two years earlier. During a shareholders meeting in
2005, a news story quoted him complaining, "We're managing leaks, we're not
fixing them."

In an interview, Findley said he also tried for years to alert the company that
it badly needed to upgrade its gas pipes. But until 2007, he said, PG&E
"dismissed me as a squeaky wheel."

'Severely mistreated'

In a separate matter last year, union safety official Wiseman said he ran afoul
of PG&E after complaining about its gas-line employees working in dangerous
conditions.

A lawsuit he filed accusing PG&E of labor law and other violations claims two
PG&E supervisors detained him overnight in a Stockton hotel, threatened to fire
him and made him undergo a psychiatric exam. The suit said he was found
"mentally fit, except for his anxiety that was attributable to his having been
severely mistreated by PG&E."

PG&E legal papers have denied Wiseman's allegations. But his claims about the
psychiatric evaluation are reminiscent of Neil Aiken, a former PG&E manager who
complained of safety problems at the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant.

Aiken was fired after PG&E sent him to two psychiatrists in 1998 who declared
him a delusional security threat. Nonetheless, the U.S. Labor Department
concluded the psychiatric sessions were "more about how to remove Mr. Aiken from
his position than to make a fair, unbiased evaluation of Mr. Aiken's mental
state." It also faulted PG&E for "a culture where employees were reluctant to
voice safety complaints."

Yet another allegation that PG&E ignored warnings was leveled in June by Larry
Medina, PG&E's former records and information coordinator, who told authorities
he alerted PG&E in 1993 that its record keeping was deficient. PG&E's records
are still a mess, a potential safety issue the PUC is now investigating.

In the aftermath of the San Bruno accident, the PUC is considering creating
extra safeguards for workers who blow the whistle on utility misconduct. And, in
the future, Commissioner Mike Florio said he hopes the agency will be "more
proactive in seeking out information from these types of sources."

Contact Steve Johnson at 408-920-5043.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Segale, a gas-crew welding foreman, believes he lost out on
lucrative overtime because he voiced safety concerns to PG&E.
Steve Segale, a gas crew welding foreman & inspector gas operations, maintenance
and construction with PG&E, at his home in Fairfax, Calif. on Wednesday, August
3, 2011. Segale told the company in 2005 that his supervisor in Marin County was
pressuring employees not to report or even fix gas leaks so the supervisor would
get a bigger bonus. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)
Steve Segale, a gas crew welding foreman & inspector gas operations, maintenance
and construction with PG&E, at his home in Fairfax, Calif. on Wednesday, August
3, 2011. Segale told the company in 2005 that his supervisor in Marin County was
pressuring employees not to report or even fix gas leaks so the supervisor would
get a bigger bonus. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)
Steve Segale, a gas crew welding foreman & inspector gas operations, maintenance
and construction with PG&E, at his home in Fairfax, Calif. on Wednesday, August
3, 2011. Segale told the company in 2005 that his supervisor in Marin County was
pressuring employees not to report or even fix gas leaks so the supervisor would
get a bigger bonus. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                       May 19, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

WHAT OTHERS ARE SAYING

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 581 words


Quackenbush went too far

The Star (Ventura County), April 30

It is tempting to regard the controversy swirling around state Insurance
Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush as merely a game of partisan hardball. One of
only two high-ranking Republicans among the state's elected constitutional
officers Secretary of State Bob Jones is the other), Mr. Quackenbush makes a
large target for Democrats hoping to blunt GOP influence in the capital.

While some of the sniping, which culminated (April 27) with a grilling by the
Assembly Insurance Committee, is no doubt motivated by partisan concerns, it is
clear that Mr. Quackenbush brought his troubles upon himself with a series of
spectacularly bad decisions. ... Unless he can come up with a more plausible
explanation of his actions than he has so far offered, he ought to resign.

He has, for example, solicited and accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in
campaign contributions from the companies his department regulates. This
represents a clear conflict of interest, but it is a common form of
influence-peddling among elected officials, who eagerly and quite legally accept
money from individuals and corporations with a direct financial stake in pending
legislation. Even Mr. Quackenbush's diversion of some of that money to repay
loans his wife made to her own defunct political campaign appears legal, if
odious.

Mr. Quackenbush appears, however, to have taken a few steps over even this
blurry line of propriety. After his staff recommended that he seek $3 billion in
fines against insurers accused of mishandling claims stemming from the 1994
Northridge quake, he instead allowed the companies to buy their way out of
trouble by contributing about $12 million to a nonprofit foundation run by his
political cronies. . . .

Besides urging Mr. Quackenbush to remove himself from temptation, voters should
urge the Legislature to once again make insurance commissioner an appointed job,
not an elected one. This will give the governor more power, but it also will
insulate at least one Sacramento job from the money-grubbing demands of
campaigning.

Resign, Mr. Quackenbush

The Los Angeles Times, May 7

State Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush still insists that he had the
consumer's interests at heart. How could that be, when he cut a deal that let
insurance companies "donate" $12.8 million to private foundations he established
rather than pay fines of as much as $3 billion for mishandling claims from the
1994 Northridge earthquake? Much of the money went into what amounts to a
political public relations campaign featuring Quackenbush himself and, so far,
none has gone to earthquake victims.

Quackenbush already has lost all credibility as a watchdog over the insurance
industry in California.

It's time for Quackenbush to resign At least three investigations are underway,
including one into the commissioner's solicitation of political donations from
insurance companies. ... It may take months to determine if laws were broken. It
is obvious, however, that Quackenbush is not the independent watchdog the people
demanded when they voted in 1988 to make the commissioner's job elective rather
than appointive. . . .

Quackenbush has abused that public trust. With all his protestations (that he is
a target of a political vendetta), the words are empty. His actions demonstrate
why California's consumers can no longer believe that he works for them.

The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

New Clinton FBI inquiry stuns voters in America;
Email search reopened 10 days before election

BYLINE: Rhys Blakely

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 826 words


The FBI sent a shockwave through the US election campaign last night when it
announced that it was reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of
a private email server when she was secretary of state.

The announcement was made after the discovery of new emails that the FBI said
"appear to be pertinent to the investigation" and which may have contained state
secrets. It came 11 days before the election and as the polls, which give Mrs
Clinton a solid lead, were showing signs of increased support for Donald Trump,
the Republican candidate.

Mr Trump, who urgently needed an "October shock" to improve his chances of
victory, was met with thunderous cheers when he announced the news at a rally in
New Hampshire. "We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval
Office," he said of Mrs Clinton. He praised the FBI for "having the courage to
right the horrible mistake they made".

The emails are believed to relate to the seizure of electronic devices belonging
to Mrs Clinton's aide Huma Abedin, and her husband, Anthony Weiner. Mr Weiner is
a former congressman whose involvement in sexting scandals ruined both his
political career and his marriage.

Republicans claim that Mrs Clinton's private email system - rather than the
official, protected system - broke government regulations, endangered national
security and allowed her to shield correspondence from scrutiny.

The existence of new emails was disclosed last night in a letter to Congress by
James Comey, the FBI director, who had been criticised for deciding not to
prosecute Mrs Clinton after the bureau closed its initial investigation in July.
Mr Comey indicated that he had been alerted to the new emails on Thursday.

The original inquiry resulted in scathing criticism of Mrs Clinton by Mr Comey
but no criminal charges.

Mrs Clinton initially denied using her private server for classified material.
The FBI later revealed that her emails had included dozens of classified
documents. Her private email server was discovered during an investigation into
the terrorist attacks on the US diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012
when four Americans including the ambassador were killed.

After the existence of the server was revealed Mrs Clinton handed over about
30,000 emails to the US State Department but deleted 33,000 more, which she said
were purely personal. Her private server belonged to Bill Clinton, her husband,
and was kept at their home in upstate New York.

Mr Trump has frequently contended that the deleted emails contained
incriminating material and regularly defines Mrs Clinton as "crooked Hillary" to
the delight of his supporters. Mrs Clinton's mishandling of the issue has dogged
her presidential campaign.

Mr Comey said last night: "In Continued on page 2, col 3 Continued from page 1
connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learnt of the existence of emails
that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.

"I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to
allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain
classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our
investigation."

Mr Comey added that he did not know how long it would take to assess the new
emails, and that the FBI did not know whether the material was significant.

The announcement appeared to take the Clinton campaign by surprise, and no
initial comment was made.

At a rally in Iowa last night Mrs Clinton appeared to ignore the new inquiry.

Paul Ryan, the Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives, said: "Yet
again Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with
some of our nation's most important secrets and she betrayed that trust by
carelessly mishandling highly classified information."

Within hours the Republican National Committee issued a statement arguing that
the timing of the investigation "shows just how serious this discovery must be".
It added: "This stunning development raises questions about what records may not
have been turned over and why, and whether they show intent to violate the law."

Mrs Clinton's use of a private email system has plagued her presidential
campaign since it was revealed in the spring of last year. Hacked emails have
shown how senior advisers despaired at how other members of her inner circle had
indulged her appetite for secrecy.

Mr Trump appeared invigorated by the announcement. "Hillary Clinton's corruption
is on a scale that we have never seen before," he told his supporters in New
Hampshire. The FBI's decision not to recommend charges had been "a grave
miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understood", he said. "And
it is everybody's hope that it is about to be corrected."

Mr Trump was trailing by 5.2 percentage points yesterday, according to an
average of recent surveys by the Real Clear Politics website. Ten days earlier
he was more than 7 points behind. Florida holds key for Trump, pages 44-45

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

New Clinton FBI inquiry stuns voters in America;
Email search reopened 10 days before election

BYLINE: Rhys Blakely

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 826 words


The FBI sent a shockwave through the US election campaign last night when it
announced that it was reopening the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of
a private email server when she was secretary of state.

The announcement was made after the discovery of new emails that the FBI said
"appear to be pertinent to the investigation" and which may have contained state
secrets. It came ten days before the election and as the polls, which give Mrs
Clinton a solid lead, were showing signs of increased support for Donald Trump,
the Republican candidate.

Mr Trump, who urgently needed an "October shock" to improve his chances of
victory, was met with thunderous cheers when he announced the news at a rally in
New Hampshire. "We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval
Office," he said of Mrs Clinton. He praised the FBI for "having the courage to
right the horrible mistake they made".

The emails are believed to relate to the seizure of electronic devices belonging
to Mrs Clinton's aide Huma Abedin, and her husband, Anthony Weiner. Mr Weiner is
a former congressman whose involvement in sexting scandals ruined both his
political career and his marriage.

Republicans claim that Mrs Clinton's private email system - rather than the
official, protected system - broke government regulations, endangered national
security and allowed her to shield correspondence from scrutiny.

The existence of new emails was disclosed last night in a letter to Congress by
James Comey, the FBI director, who had been criticised for deciding not to
prosecute Mrs Clinton after the bureau closed its initial investigation in July.
Mr Comey indicated that he had been alerted to the new emails on Thursday.

The original inquiry resulted in scathing criticism of Mrs Clinton by Mr Comey
but no criminal charges.

Mrs Clinton initially denied using her private server for classified material.
The FBI later revealed that her emails had included dozens of classified
documents. Her private email server was discovered during an investigation into
the terrorist attacks on the US diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, in 2012
when four Americans including the ambassador were killed.

After the existence of the server was revealed Mrs Clinton handed over about
30,000 emails to the US State Department but deleted 33,000 more, which she said
were purely personal. Her private server belonged to Bill Clinton, her husband,
and was kept at their home in upstate New York.

Mr Trump has frequently contended that the deleted emails contained
incriminating material and regularly defines Mrs Clinton as "crooked Hillary" to
the delight of his supporters. Mrs Clinton's mishandling of the issue has dogged
her presidential campaign.

Mr Comey said last night: "In Continued on page 2, col 3 Continued from page 1
connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learnt of the existence of emails
that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.

"I agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to
allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain
classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our
investigation."

Mr Comey added that he did not know how long it would take to assess the new
emails, and that the FBI did not know whether the material was significant.

The announcement appeared to take the Clinton campaign by surprise, and no
initial comment was made.

At a rally in Iowa last night Mrs Clinton appeared to ignore the new inquiry.

Paul Ryan, the Republican Speaker of the House of Representatives, said: "Yet
again Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame. She was entrusted with
some of our nation's most important secrets and she betrayed that trust by
carelessly mishandling highly classified information."

Within hours the Republican National Committee issued a statement arguing that
the timing of the investigation "shows just how serious this discovery must be".
It added: "This stunning development raises questions about what records may not
have been turned over and why, and whether they show intent to violate the law."

Mrs Clinton's use of a private email system has plagued her presidential
campaign since it was revealed in the spring of last year. Hacked emails have
shown how senior advisers despaired at how other members of her inner circle had
indulged her appetite for secrecy.

Mr Trump appeared invigorated by the announcement. "Hillary Clinton's corruption
is on a scale that we have never seen before," he told his supporters in New
Hampshire. The FBI's decision not to recommend charges had been "a grave
miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understood", he said. "And
it is everybody's hope that it is about to be corrected."

Mr Trump was trailing by 5.2 percentage points yesterday, according to an
average of recent surveys by the Real Clear Politics website. Ten days earlier
he was more than 7 points behind. Florida holds key for Trump, pages 44-45

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       Pasadena Star-News (Pasadena, CA)

                             August 11, 2003 Monday

Report: Mexican police corrupt;
Group says probes into decade-long murders were flawed

BYLINE: By Mark Stevenson, Staff Writer

SECTION: MORE NEWS

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY


Mexican police have used falsified evidence and torture in investigating the
decade-long series of sexually-motivated killings of young women in the rough
border city of Ciudad Juarez, Amnesty International said in a report released
Monday.

The human rights group called on the government to take a greater role in the
investigations, reform its justice system and punish police who may have
participated in frame-ups or cover-ups in the killings.

Police in the northern state of Chihuahua have been slow to investigate the 137
slayings since 1993, mishandled evidence and have failed to catch the real
killers, it said.

"There is no confidence in the criminal justice system,' Irene Kahn,
secretary-general of London-based Amnesty International, told a Mexico City news
conference. "The federal government has failed to live up to its
responsibilities under Mexican and international law.'

The victims "are young, poor women with no power in society, whose deaths have
no political cost' for the authorities, she said.

Bodies have been misidentified, evidence has been contaminated through
mishandling, and autopsies have been inadequate in some of the cases, said the
report, which cited the group's own investigation, case records and the
testimony of former investigators and activists.

"In many cases, police arrest people, torture them, get confessions, and then
build a case around that instead of investigating,' Kahn said.

Prosecutors offer slightly different numbers on the slayings, saying there have
been 108 unexplained homicides since 1993, 93 of which appear to involve a
similar pattern of sexual abuse or mutilation.

Chihuahua state prosecutors have denied the torture allegations, and have
promised to investigate other accusations of mistreatment or mishandling of
evidence.

Norma Ledesma, whose 16-year- old daughter was found dead in Chihuahua City last
year, has no confidence in the state police.

"None of the culprits have been caught,' Ledesma said. "The people they have in
jail are innocent.'

So great is the mistrust of authorities that families of victims have joined
forces with relatives of the accused to criticize the investigations, something
Kahn said she had never seen before.

Some victim's families believe police are protecting or covering up for the real
killers, something Kahn raised as a possibility and said should be investigated.

The group also accuses police of having denigrated the victims and their
families. "From the first, prosecutors have focused on questioning families'
background, and have treated [the victims'] families with suspicion,' the report
said.

The report recommends that federal authorities supervise the investigation; at
present, most of the cases are still in the hands of Chihuahua state
prosecutors, who activists accuse of the worst bungling. Federal prosecutors
took over 14 of the cases earlier this year, based on evidence that federal
crimes like organ trafficking may have been involved.

The report also called on state, federal and local police to publicly recognize
the scope and seriousness of the problem, provide better treatment for victims'
families, provide more funding for the probe and punish any officers who failed
to investigate the crimes or mishandled the investigation.

Amnesty International also said that the border manufacturing- for-export plants
known as maquiladoras where some of the victims were employed should be required
to provide adequate security for employees.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 27, 2005, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Investigation finds cases in which Koran 'mishandled'

BYLINE: Dave Moniz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- The Pentagon said Thursday that it found five instances in which
the Koran was "mishandled" by U.S. troops and interrogators at Guantanamo Bay
but no evidence it was ever flushed down a toilet.

Brig. Gen. Jay Hood, head of a joint task force at the prison in Cuba for
detainees in the war on terror, wouldn't provide details on the incidents. But
he said the investigation hasn't found any serious violations.


"I want to assure you that we are committed to respecting the cultural dignity
of the Koran and the detainees' practice of faith," the general said.

Hood said the investigation uncovered no evidence to support one of the most
volatile allegations made by a detainee, namely, that a guard had flushed pages
of the Koran down a toilet.

The investigation, which is not finished, investigated 13 separate incidents,
Hood said. Among them were five episodes where guards or interrogators
mishandled the Koran and eight cases where they accidentally touched it or stood
over it, the general said.

Hood spoke to reporters at the Pentagon 12 days after launching an inquiry into
alleged abuse of the Koran that was raised in an article in Newsweek. The story
reported that interrogators flushed the Koran in order to rattle detainees.

The May 9 article was challenged as inaccurate by Pentagon officials and caused
a deadly uproar in the Muslim world. Newsweek retracted the report after being
unable to verify the incident.

Hood said investigators reviewed 31,000 documents and "found no credible
evidence" to support the allegation. Since early 2002, the United States has
housed some of the most dangerous fighters captured in the war on terrorism at
Guantanamo.

Among those interviewed for Hood's investigation was a detainee who had told the
FBI in 2002 that he had been beaten and had heard stories that a Koran had been
flushed down a toilet. During an interview with investigators this month, Hood
said, the detainee admitted he had not been beaten at the detention camp and had
heard only rumors that guards had flushed a Koran. The detainee told
investigators he was not aware of any case where guards or interrogators had
defiled or desecrated the Koran, Hood said.

Hood said four of the five cases of Koran mishandling occurred before January
2003, before written guidelines on how to treat the sacred Muslim text. Three of
the five cases, Hood said, appeared to be deliberate mishandling while two were
"very likely accidental," he said.

Two people face punishment, Hood said.

Most of the incidents, Hood said, occurred in the first year and a half that the
prison was open. The United States began sending people captured in Afghanistan
to the base in early 2002.






LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Washington

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      August 1, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

TLC: A CHRONOLOGY

BYLINE: DEBBIE WOLFE

SECTION: CITY TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1289 words



Summer 1968: Colonial Manor Nursing Home opens with 118 beds.

March 1970: Construction begins for an addition to double the home's  capacity
to 279 beds.

1970: Francis Reese, facility operator, is sued by the state secretary of  labor
for sex discrimination relating to the pay of female nurses' aides vs.  male
orderlies.

1972: Nursing home owners, saying the government has been slow to pay  Medicare
and Medicaid, file a voluntary petition for corporate reorganization  (Chapter
10 of the Bankruptcy Act) on May 1. The petition is denied.

1973: Nurses strike for higher wages.

1975: The Federal Housing Authority forecloses on the facility and puts it  up
for sale. State officials consider and then reject the idea of converting  the
home into a prison facility.

1976: Alan Colmar, administrator, pleads not guilty in U.S. District Court  in
Tampa to a charge of conspiracy to defraud the government; by September,  Colmar
is placed on two-year probation for Medicare fraud - he offered doctors  a
rebate for referring patients to a co-defendant.

1977: Home bought from HUD by five Canadian partners; by then it was known  as
Wedgewood Health Care.

July 1979: State regulators fine the facility for mishandling a July
air-conditioning failure.

November 1979: John Krakana, manager/owner, indicted in Canada for bank  fraud.

1980: State officials attempt to fine home for various deficiencies,  including
harassment of patients by an orderly.

March 1981: Home fined $ 4,000 for inadequate patient care, housekeeping and
medical records. This marks the fourth time in two years the home has been
fined.

June 9, 1981: John Krakana, manager/owner, begins a one-year prison term  for
bank fraud.

January 1982: Eloise Babcock, former director of nursing, is charged by the
state with mistreatment of patients after allegations by her children, who
worked as aides; by May, charges are withdrawn, but the state continues to
investigate.

May 1982: Home fined $ 5,000 for mishandling patients' money.

1982: License of Alan Colmar, administrator, is suspended for one year by  state
officials because of substandard conditions at the home.

January 1983: Home received the lowest of three possible state ratings when  an
inspection team found 26 deficiencies during a review in December 1982.

March 1983: Five nurses are fired for protesting conditions at the home.  The
home has been fined nearly $ 14,000 in four years for violations of  patients'
rights, health and safety.

July 29, 1983: Moratorium on admissions is imposed by the state Department  of
Health and Rehabilitative Services after the facility was cited for 82
deficiencies in housekeeping, fire protection, patient care, dietary and
pharmacy practices. Specific conditions included money missing from patients'
accounts, live roaches at patients' bedsides, patients sleeping in rotten and
urine-soaked mattresses and medication given without physicians' orders.

Sept. 6, 1983: Moratorium on admissions is lifted after conditions improve.

January 1987: Moratorium imposed for inadequate sanitation and patient  care.

February 1987: Conditions improve, but the home is on COD basis for food  and
medical supplies because of lack of credit.

March 10, 1987: Home cleared to admit patients, but given only a six-month
Medicaid contract instead of the usual one-year because of the severity of the
problems.

June 10, 1987: $ 20,000 alarm system installed after woman dies from
strangulation while strapped to her bed.

Spring 1987: Pest-control company, citing lack of payment, refuses to treat
facility.

June/July 1987: Pinellas-Pasco State Attorney's Office questions Stephen  Sika,
former administrator, and several nurses about possible Medicaid fraud  and
patient abuse from 1986.

Summer 1987: U.S. Department of Labor conducts an investigation regarding
payroll problems.

September 1987: HRS cites home for deficiencies; Medicaid office in St.
Petersburg asks Office of Licensure and Certification to step up surveillance.

Oct. 15, 1987: Florida Medicaid report, sent to U.S. Health Care Financing
Administration in Atlanta, says "there is a threat to patient health and
safety" at the home.

Oct. 17, 1987: State freezes admissions and recommends federal government
revoke the home's right to get Medicare and Medicaid money. Infractions
included dried feces on the walls, unflushed toilets, patients lying in
excrement and untreated torn skin and bed sores. Freeze lasts one year, during
which time patient population drops from 200 to less than 55.

November 1987: Federal government cuts off Medicare funds; Florida tries to
suspend Medicaid money; home appeals state action.

January 1988: Home requests an inspection to stave off admissions  moratorium;
the nursing home fails the inspection.

February 1988: Grant Anthony, the home's previous owner, is charged with  grand
theft and exploitation of the elderly. He is accused of pressuring a  patient
into selling her home in 1986 to pay for her nursing home care  expenses when in
fact, according to HRS, she was a Medicaid patient and  therefore did not owe
any money to the home. He contests.

April 28, 1988: Home requests a second inspection to stave off admissions
moratorium; fails five of 31 standards (must pass all 31 for certification).

May 20, 1988: HRS files a petition to take over the management of the home
through a court-appointed receiver; HRS took action after home asked for
advance on its Medicaid allowance saying it could not meet the next week's
payroll without state help.

May 1988: Marjorie Auman (Boyd), an experienced nursing home administrator,  is
appointed to the Wedgewood receivership by Pinellas-Pasco Circuit Judge  Frank
White in an effort to save the home from bankruptcy; among its varied  financial
problems is a $ 1-million debt.

June 7, 1988: Inspector finds patient bleeding from a wound that had been  open
since December 1987.

June 1988: Home asks for and receives $ 96,000 in taxpayers' money from HRS  to
make payroll; several weeks later, HRS demands the money be returned after  it
discovered owner Frank Anthony had $ 100,000 to use for expenses at the  home.

July 20, 1988: Marjorie Auman (Boyd) resigns as the receiver during a  hearing
called to consider her removal after it was made public she had been  offered
one-half ownership of a company being formed to take over ownership of  the
home.

Oct. 12, 1988: Home sold to partnership of Marjorie Boyd (Auman) and Robert
Edward "Ted" Martin of Newmarket, Ontario; name changed to TLC (Tender  Loving
Care) St. Petersburg.

November 1988: Yearlong admissions moratorium lifted.

January 1989: TLC begins accepting AIDS patients.

December 1989: Admissions moratorium imposed for improper nursing care,
inadequate infection control and improper supervision of the nursing staff.

May 1992: Gerard Beaudoin becomes administrator.

October 1992: Fined $ 2,750 for inadequacies.

January 1993: Fined $ 1,750 for inadequacies.

Spring 1993: Northeast wing opens to make room for 40 more patients.

April 1993: Unable to meet payroll, owners ask employees to delay cashing  their
paychecks for two days; about 30 employees quit.

May 28, 1993: Moratorium on admission imposed once again. Officials cite
problems with quality of life and resident assessment.

June 22, 1993: Community Alliance of Pinellas for AIDS accepts the  resignation
of Gerard Beaudoin, administrator of TLC.

July 1993: TLC fails reinspection. State recommends license be revoked.  Process
begun to revoke Medicare and Medicaid payments.

- Compiled by Debbie Wolfe, news researcher

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

TYPE: SERIES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              July 8, 2013 Monday

Video of raw meat at Port Orange Golden Corral goes viral, sparks state probe

BYLINE: Lyda Longa, Lyda Longa STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 854  words


A 22-year-old worker's video of raw meat and other food stored outside next to a
trash bin at a Golden Corral has gone viral, prompting a state investigation
Monday and the restaurant owner to say the food was thrown away and never served
to patrons.

Facts

Golden Corral statement

"A video was recently posted showing an incident of improper food handling at
our Port Orange, Florida location. None of these items were served to a single
customer. All were destroyed within the hour at the direction of management.
Brandon Huber, the employee who made the video, participated in the disposal of
the food.

The following day, the father of the employee, posted an offer to sell the video
for $5,000, which was not accepted.

The manager involved in the improper storage was terminated for failing to
follow approved food handling procedures."

Eric Holm, Metro Corral Partners

The video was taken by Brandon Huber, an employee at the Golden Corral on Taylor
Road in Port Orange, and shows him in his work uniform filming as he walks
toward an enclosed area for garbage outside the eatery.

Huber points to trays of raw hamburger meat, bacon, babyback ribs and other food
stacked in the June heat near a Dumpster. On the video, Huber says the
restaurant was going to be inspected and his employer put the food outside.

Eric Holm, the franchisee who owns the Golden Corral as well as 27 others in the
Orlando-Atlanta area, issued a short statement Monday that did not dispute the
video. Holm said the manager was fired and the food was thrown away and not
served to any patrons.

"None of these items were served to a single customer. All were destroyed within
the hour at the direction of management. Brandon Huber, the employee who made
the video, participated in the disposal of the food," wrote Holm with Metro
Corral Partners.

In the last line of the statement, Holm also wrote: "The manager involved in the
improper storage was terminated for failing to follow approved food handling
procedures."

A woman who answered the telephone at Holm's office in Orlando on Monday said he
would not be making any other statements on the issue.

The video has sparked an investigation by the state Department of Business and
Professional Regulation's division of Hotels and Restaurants in Tallahassee,
agency spokeswoman Tajiana Ancora-Brown said Monday.

Ancora-Brown said the agency learned of the video Monday morning via its Twitter
account from an individual who provided a copy of the video and the name and
address of the restaurant. The video was forwarded to the division of hotels and
restaurants, which inspects restaurants, she said.

"They are looking into it. It (the investigation) is in progress," she said.

Huber took the video on June 29.

Holm, the restaurant owner, called Port Orange police on July 1 and complained
that someone had posted the video on eBay and was asking $5,000 for it, a police
report shows. He told a detective he was concerned someone was trying to
blackmail his business.

When Investigator Jeff Wenzel viewed the video with Holm, he told the
restaurateur that no crime had occurred because there was no indication that
anyone was trying to elicit anything from Golden Corral. Rather, the video was
"posted to the public for whomever wished to have the information," the report
states.

At that, Holm asked if the investigator would contact the person who posted the
video and ask that it be removed from eBay, the report shows. Holm told the
investigator that if the video were removed from the popular marketplace
website, he would be satisfied.

The investigator learned the video was placed on eBay by Huber's father,
46-year-old William Huber, the report states. The elder Huber told the
investigator that his son works at the restaurant and was very concerned about
the eatery's "mishandling of food prior to serving it to customers." William
Huber said he attempted to broach the issue with management at Golden Corral,
but "they would not listen to him," the report states.

The father said he wanted to make the public aware of the situation and he felt
the only way to do that was to post the video on eBay. William Huber said he put
a dollar amount on the video in order to garner attention from the public,
according to the report. The father then removed the video from eBay, the report
states.

The investigator told William Huber that posting it on eBay probably was not the
best way to air his concerns about a possible mishandling of food at the
restaurant. The investigator suggested William Huber call state officials who
are responsible for inspecting restaurants, according to the report.

In addition, Port Orange Capt. David Meyer sent a copy of the police report to
the state Department of Business and Professional Regulation's Division of
Hotels and Restaurants. The agency's website shows the restaurant was last
inspected Jan. 7 and passed the inspection.

William and Brandon Huber could not be reached on Monday.

By late Monday afternoon, Brandon Huber's video had attracted almost 400,000
views on YouTube, and the raw meat pictures had been posted on the Huffington
Post and Time magazine's website.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Agency Will Not Recommend Criminal Charges Against Hillary Clinton; Presidential
Candidate's Handling Of Classified Emails Called 'Careless'

BYLINE: MATT ZAPOTOSKY and ROSALIND S. HELDERMAN

SECTION: MAIN; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1399  words



HIGHLIGHT: HILLARY CLINTON arrives at a campaign rally in Charlotte, N.C., on
Tuesday with President Barack Obama, who threw his full weight behind Clinton's
bid to succeed him. Visit courant.com/clintonemails for photos and video. FBI
DIRECTOR James Comey said Tuesday that although Hillary Clinton's handling of
classified email on a private server while secretary of state showed evidence of
potential violations, the FBI would not recommend that federal prosecutors
pursue criminal charges.NICHOLAS KAMM | AFP/Getty Images Cliff Owen | associated
press


WASHINGTON - FBI Director James Comey said Tuesday that his agency will not
recommend criminal charges against Hillary Clinton for her use of a private
email server as secretary of state but called Clinton and her staff "extremely
careless" in handling classified material.

The announcement was stunning both for the level of detail Comey provided about
an investigation that he ultimately believes should conclude without charges,
and for the fact that the FBI director publicized his guidance before federal
prosecutors had reached a final determination.

As he was about to proclaim that the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee
should not be charged, Comey said officials at the Justice Department "do not
know what I am about to say." But he said he felt the American people deserved
to know the details of an investigation that had dogged her campaign.

"Although there is evidence of potential violations of the statutes regarding
the handling of classified information, our judgment is that no reasonable
prosecutor would bring such a case," Comey said. He said although the ultimate
decision would be left to Justice Department prosecutors, the FBI was expressing
its view "that no charges are appropriate in this case."

The decision effectively means that Clinton will not have to fear criminal
liability as her campaign moves forward, though Comey leveled sharp criticism at
her past email practices and called into question many of her defenses.

The FBI director said those who acted as Clinton and her staffers did were
"often subject to security or administrative sanctions," though in comparing her
case with similar investigations in the past, the bureau did not find any of the
aggravating factors that typically lead to criminal charges.

"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her
colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified
information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," he said, speaking at
FBI headquarters.

Comey also broadly criticized the handling of classified information on
unclassified email systems at the State Department, saying investigators found
evidence that the "security culture" there was "generally lacking in the kind of
care for classified information" at other government agencies.

State Department spokesman John Kirby said, "We don't share that assessment."
But he added that the department is "always looking for ways to improve."

A spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in the eastern district of Virginia,
whose prosecutors are involved in the case, declined to comment. A Justice
Department spokeswoman said she was preparing a possible response.

Hillary for America campaign spokesman Brian Fallon said in a statement: "We are
pleased that the career officials handling this case have determined that no
further action by the Department is appropriate. As the Secretary has long said,
it was a mistake to use her personal email and she would not do it again. We are
glad that this matter is now resolved."

At a campaign event in North Carolina with President Barack Obama, Clinton did
not address the issue.

Comey said investigators sifted through 30,000 emails Clinton provided to the
State Department for public release and several thousand more determined to be
work-related that Clinton did not turn over. They were looking, he said, at
whether classified information was improperly stored or transmitted on a
personal system in such a way that it might have violated two federal statutes.
One, he said, makes it a felony to mishandle classified information in an
intentional or grossly negligent way, and the other makes it a misdemeanor to
knowingly remove classified information from appropriate systems or storage
facilities.

Investigators, Comey said, discovered significant carelessness, but they did not
find - as in other cases that went forward - intentional mishandling of
classified information, indications of disloyalty to the United States or
efforts to obstruct justice.

The announcement came only about 72 hours after FBI agents interviewed Clinton,
and only about a week after former President Bill Clinton met with U.S. Attorney
General Loretta Lynch aboard her plane. Both Lynch and Bill Clinton, through a
representative, asserted the conversation was unplanned and social, though it
sparked significant outrage.

On Friday, Lynch announced that she would accept recommendations from career
prosecutors and FBI agents leading the probe - including Comey - in a bid to
quell concerns about the independence of the probe. Comey's announcement,
though, immediately sparked criticism that the outcome of the high-profile probe
was a foregone conclusion, influenced heavily by politics.

Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump tweeted, "The system is
rigged," and asserted that former general and CIA Director David H. Petraeus,
who pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified
information, "got in trouble for far less." Petraeus was accused of turning over
highly classified information to a woman with whom he was having an affair, and
agents believe he lied to the FBI, though he was never charged with that crime.

House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said in a statement that Comey's announcement
"defies explanation" and that not prosecuting Clinton would set a "terrible
precedent."

Comey, who did not take questions, defended the bureau's work.

"Only facts matter, and the FBI found them here in an entirely apolitical and
professional way," Comey said.

Comey has a reputation as an independent thinker in the government.

Though he recommended no criminal charges, Comey systematically dismantled the
public explanations Clinton has offered to reassure the public about her email
system for the past 15 months.

When it was first revealed that Clinton used a personal email account during her
years in office, Clinton said that she had never sent or received classified
material through the account. She later amended those statements to say that her
emails contained no information that was clearly marked as classified. Her
supporters also insisted that a finding of sensitive material by the State
Department and other government agencies was retroactive, a judgment by
bureaucrats after the fact to "upgrade" material to a classified level.

Comey said that a careful analysis by officials from multiple agencies found
there was classified material, and that in 110 emails the information was
sensitive enough to be classified at the time it was sent or received. Eight
email chains included information that was properly classified as "top secret,"
the highest level of classification. He confirmed that seven of those
conversations involved a "special access program" and were sensitive enough that
a person in Clinton's job should have known they contained classified material.

"There is evidence to support a conclusion that any reasonable person in
Secretary Clinton's position, or in the position of those with whom she was
corresponding about these matters, should have known that an unclassified system
was no place for that conversation," Comey said. He said that while only a very
small number were properly marked as classified, "even if information is not
marked classified in an email, participants who know or should know that the
subject matter is classified are still obligated to protect it."

Clinton has also insisted that she submitted to the State Department all of her
work-related correspondence from her time as secretary. Comey said the FBI had
recovered thousands of work-related emails that had not been turned over, though
he added that investigators found no evidence of misconduct in their deletion.
He also for the first time revealed that Clinton had used multiple servers
during her time in office.

Clinton said publicly that there was no evidence her server or devices had been
hacked. Comey agreed there was no such evidence but concluded that the lack of a
clear intrusion should give no confidence that the system had not been breached.

He specifically noted Clinton's practice of sending and receiving emails while
traveling in foreign countries with sophisticated surveillance technology and
said it was "possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's
personal email account," given its lack of security.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Jacksonville attorney reprimanded by N.C. State Bar

BYLINE: Lindell Kay, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words


Sep. 16--A Jacksonville lawyer accused of mishandling client funds has been
reprimanded by the N.C. State Bar for costing a client more than $10,000 in a
botched land deal, according to information made public this week.

Bob Coxe was reprimanded late last month by the Bar's Grievance Committee for
professional misconduct for failing to hold a deed in safekeeping for
Jacksonville land developer Martin Aragona Sr.

"You drafted a real estate purchase contract on behalf of (Aragona), the buyer,
pursuant to which contract you undertook responsibility to hold the deed for the
property in trust," the Grievance Committee states in its reprimand. "However,
you failed to hold the deed at issue in a suitable place for safekeeping and
then failed to promptly deliver the deed when requested by (Aragona)."

Coxe told The Daily News on Tuesday that "the situation was unfortunate and the
Bar handled it properly."

The Grievance Committee determined a hearing before the Disciplinary Hearing
Commission was not required, and issued the reprimand, a written form of
discipline issued in cases in which an attorney has violated the Rules of
Professional Conduct caused harm to a client, according to information from the
Bar.

Coxe has to pay $100 to the Bar to cover administrative and investigative costs.

"The Grievance Committee trusts that you will heed this reprimand, that it will
be remembered by you, that it will be beneficial to you, and that you will never
again allow yourself to depart from adherence to the high ethical standards of
the legal profession," the reprimand states.

Aragona has sued Coxe in Onslow County Superior Civil Court seeking more than
$10,000 in damages from Coxe, alleging Coxe cost him the money by negligently
handling the 1999 deed transfer.

Coxe was to hold the deed in a land sale between Aragona and Linal and Christine
Strong. Once Aragona had paid the Strongs, Coxe was to turn the deed over to
him.

When Aragona completed the purchase, he asked Coxe for the deed, but according
to a June 2006 letter from Coxe to Aragona, Coxe was unable to find the "files"
Aragona wanted.

Aragona's lawsuit claims that when Coxe could not produce the deed, Christine
Strong was able to claim it in her bankruptcy proceedings. Aragona then had to
settle with her for an additional $12,000 plus attorney fees.

The lawsuit complaint does not specify which lot of land is involved; however,
the Onslow County Register of Deeds shows the land to be a plat in Aragona
Village off Gum Branch Road.

Coxe's attorney, Wilmington lawyer James Holland said his office was still
investigating Aragon's claims.

Coxe was previously accused by the State Bar of mishandling client funds in a
March preliminary injunction order.

As part of that investigation, Coxe was enjoined from accepting any funds from
or on behalf of clients, and ordered to turn over all records, including bank
statements, canceled checks, deposit slips, client ledgers, check stubs and
debit memos to assist in the State Bar's analysis.

Coxe has been licensed to practice law in North Carolina since 1978. As a
capital defender, he has been court-appointed to represent several high-profile
murder defendants over the years. Earlier this year, Coxe asked to be released
as defense counsel for George Hayden -- a former local police chief charged with
first-degree murder in the 1972 shooting death of Camp Lejeune Marine Sgt.
William Miller.

Jacksonville lawyer William J. Morgan has now been appointed to represent
Hayden.

Contact Lindell Kay at 910-219-8456. Read his blog at
http://onslowcrime.encblogs.com.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090916-JN-Jacksonville-attorney-reprimanded-by-N-C-State-Bar-0916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2009 The Daily News


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            January 28, 2013 Monday

Accidental distress: Tire factory worker wins big award from N.C. jury ...
accidentally

BYLINE: David Donovan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 909  words


When non-lawyers think of the word "accident," they usually think of something
you can drop on your foot, not the bungling of a harassment claim. But a former
tire factory manager who alleged she was harassed by her supervisor is out
almost half a million dollars after the North Carolina Court of Appeals ruled
that the emotional distress her employer inflicted on her was an accident,
legally speaking, and so she could only seek relief for her injuries by going
through the state's Industrial Commission.

Lashanda Shaw claimed that she was the only African-American manager in her part
of the Goodyear factory, and that she was routinely harassed by her male
supervisor. Despite Shaw's complaints to the appropriate personnel, her
supervisor remained in his position, where he continued to harass her. She
eventually filed a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission,
after which the company terminated her. Shaw then sued the company on numerous
grounds.

After pre-trial motions, the case went to a jury on two claims: wrongful
discharge and negligent infliction of emotional distress (NIED). A five-week
trial culminated in a somewhat unusual set of findings.

The jury found that Goodyear retaliated against Shaw by terminating her for
filing a complaint--but it also found that it would have terminated her even in
the absence of that complaint, so Shaw did not prevail on her wrongful discharge
claim.

However, the jury found that Shaw suffered severe emotional distress as a result
of Goodyear's "willful and wanton" negligence and awarded her $450,000 in
damages. Finally, the jury found that Goodyear was liable to Shaw for punitive
damages, but chose not to award them.

Court lacked jurisdiction

Goodyear argued in its motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict that the
court lacked jurisdiction over the NIED claim because the claim was barred by
the Workers' Compensation Act, which exists as the exclusive remedy for workers
injured as a result of an accident at their job. The appeals court agreed,
vacating Shaw's judgment.

Judge Donna Stroud, writing for the unanimous court, noted that the Workers'
Compensation Act provided the only remedy for workers suing their employer for
claims under the act, even when worker alleges that the employer was willfully
and wantonly negligent. Mental injuries, such as the ones that Shaw suffered,
are still injuries under the act, and an injury falls under the exclusivity
provision of the act if it resulted from an accident that arose out, and
happened in the course of, the worker's employment.

But under the Workers' Compensation Act, accidents include any "unlooked for and
untoward event which is not expected or designed by the injured employee. "
Accordingly, Goodyear's mishandling of Shaw's claims of harassment was an
accident because it fit that definition, the court said.

Stroud said that the case was unique because of its unusual procedural history.
Shaw's other claims, such as wrongful termination, involved intentional conduct
and thus were not covered by the Workers' Compensation Act and properly before a
jury. But the only claim that prevailed as trial was NIED, an obviously
negligence-based claim, and so the court was forced to vacate the jury's
verdict.

"Here, it is crucial to recall that based upon plaintiff's allegations, the
incident that caused plaintiff's emotional distress was not the harassment by
her supervisor, but the defendant's mishandling of her complaints regarding that
harassment," Stroud wrote.

'Nothing to do' with workers' comp

Although Shaw had not stated her claim this way, the court considered whether
her case could be saved by one exception to the act's exclusivity provision. In
the case of Woodson v. Rowland, the state Supreme Court held that if an employer
intentionally engages in misconduct it knows is substantially certain to cause
death or injury to an employee, then the employer could be sued in civil court
for any resulting death or injures, since that misconduct would be tantamount to
an intentional tort.

The requirements for a Woodson claim are stringent, however--so much so that the
court was unaware of a single case that had satisfied the requirements since
Woodson itself. In this case, the jury merely found willful and wanton
negligence on Goodyear's part, which was not enough to clear this high bar.

Harold L. Kennedy III and Harvey L. Kennedy of Kennedy, Kennedy, Kennedy and
Kennedy in Winston-Salem represented Shaw. Julia C. Ambrose of Brooks Pierce
represented Goodyear.

Harold Kennedy said that his firm planned to appeal the case to the North
Carolina Supreme Court, saying that it had major ramifications for the law in
the state.

"Lashanda Shaw presented evidence at trial that she was the victim of egregious
harassment at [Goodyear] by several male managers over a long period of time,
and Goodyear knew about the harassment and failed to stop it. Our position is
that this case has absolutely nothing to do with workers' compensation," Kennedy
said. "We don't feel that this would be an accident under longstanding law that
has been enunciated by the North Carolina Supreme Court. "

The 25-page decision is Shaw v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. (Lawyers Weekly No.
13-07-0042). The full text of the opinion can be found online at
nclawyersweekly.com

<a href="http://www.nclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Due Process for My Cronies, But Not For You

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Competitive Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 The concept of "mens rea" - or requiring proof of a "guilty mind" - helps
protect due process in a world where people are subject to thousands of obscure
and vague laws and regulations.





 Politicians often have double standards about whether such proof should be
required for a conviction. Many support it for their political allies, but
oppose it for their ideological enemies. They also often oppose it for ordinary
people.



 For example, when the FBI declined to recommend former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton's indictment for violating the Espionage Act, the Center for
American Progress, a partisan think-tank Clinton was "instrumental" in founding,
celebrated it as supposedly applying "a legal concept called mens rea."



 As Jacob Sullum notes in Reason, "In recommending that the Justice Department
not bring charges against Clinton, FBI Director James Comey distinguished her
'extremely careless' handling of 'very sensitive, highly classified information'
from previous cases involving 'intentional and willful mishandling.'" Many
commentators criticized Comey's decision, arguing that the statute Clinton was
accused of violating, 18 U.S.C. § 793(f), requires only "gross negligence," not
intent, and that Clinton's extreme carelessness constituted "gross negligence."
Former federal prosecutor Andy McCarthy argued that replacing the words "gross
negligence" with "intent" rewrote that statute to serve political ends.



 Former Justice Department prosecutors and FBI agents have argued that the FBI's
investigation was a whitewash that gave Clinton preferential treatment and
prematurely destroyed evidence and immunized wrongdoers who might otherwise have
cooperated. As law professor Jonathan Turley noted in USA Today, the bizarre
"overlapping immunity deals" given to Clinton's aides and staff eliminated any
incentive for them to provide evidence of Clinton's wrongful intent, making it
"unsurprising that Comey did not find evidence of 'intentional misconduct.'"



 But Clinton's allies, such as Senate Democrats and the Center for American
Progress, vociferously oppose extending mens rea protections to ordinary
Americans and business owners.  As legal scholars like the Manhattan Institute's
James Copland have noted, "In a cruel irony, the Obama administration has
scuttled one of its own late-term policy priorities -- criminal-justice reform
-- because it opposes affording ordinary people the same defense Comey invoked
for Clinton."



 More from Reason's Jacob Sullum:



 Consider the retired racecar driver on a snowmobile outing in Colorado who got
lost in a blizzard and unwittingly crossed into a National Forest Wilderness
Area, the Native Alaskan trapper who sold 10 sea otters to a buyer he mistakenly
believed was also a Native Alaskan, and the 11-year-old Virginia girl who
rescued a baby woodpecker from her cat.



 The first two of these incidents resulted in misdemeanor and felony
convictions, respectively, while the third led to a fine (later rescinded) . . .
All three qualify as federal crimes, even though the perpetrators had no idea
they were breaking the law--a kind of injustice that would be addressed by
reforms that opponents falsely portray as a special favor to corporate polluters
and other felonious fat cats.



 The federal code contains something like 5,000 criminal statutes and describes
an estimated 30,000 regulatory violations that can be treated as crimes. . .
Innocent acts, honest mistakes, and simple accidents can lead to criminal
convictions . . .That's a serious problem . . . as demonstrated by the
bipartisan support for mens rea reform in the House of Representatives.



 Yet Senate Democrats dismiss the proposed changes, which would add culpability
requirements to statutes that do not address the issue, as "corporate
protection." They blame Republican insistence on mens rea reform for imperiling
a criminal justice reform bill that until recently seemed likely to pass this
year.



 President Obama has excused Clinton's mishandling of classified information by
citing her alleged lack of "intentionally" engaging in wrongoing that would "put
America" in "jeopardy."  Yet, his administration opposes an intent requirement
when doing so might make prosecuting a hapless small business owner more
difficult.



 Senate Democrats' cynical objections to mens rea reform were criticized in a
recent interview with Reason TV by former Massachusetts ACLU leader Harvey
Silverglate. "There's no way of overestimating the cynicism of these people.
They're saying, 'It would be a terrible thing, because the people we don't
like--corporate executives--they will be able to get off by arguing that there's
absolutely no criminal intent on their part. So you want absolute criminal
liability for people you don't like. However, when they come at you, suddenly
you say, 'Well, I didn't intend to break the law.'"



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Due Process for My Cronies, But Not For You

LENGTH: 843  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Competitive Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 The concept of "mens rea" - or requiring proof of a "guilty mind" - helps
protect due process in a world where people are subject to thousands of obscure
and vague laws and regulations.





 Politicians often have double standards about whether such proof should be
required for a conviction. Many support it for their political allies, but
oppose it for their ideological enemies. They also often oppose it for ordinary
people.



 For example, when the FBI declined to recommend former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton's indictment for violating the Espionage Act, the Center for
American Progress, a partisan think-tank Clinton was "instrumental" in founding,
celebrated it as supposedly applying "a legal concept called mens rea."



 As Jacob Sullum notes in Reason, "In recommending that the Justice Department
not bring charges against Clinton, FBI Director James Comey distinguished her
'extremely careless' handling of 'very sensitive, highly classified information'
from previous cases involving 'intentional and willful mishandling.'" Many
commentators criticized Comey's decision, arguing that the statute Clinton was
accused of violating, 18 U.S.C. § 793(f), requires only "gross negligence," not
intent, and that Clinton's extreme carelessness constituted "gross negligence."
Former federal prosecutor Andy McCarthy argued that replacing the words "gross
negligence" with "intent" rewrote that statute to serve political ends.



 Former Justice Department prosecutors and FBI agents have argued that the FBI's
investigation was a whitewash that gave Clinton preferential treatment and
prematurely destroyed evidence and immunized wrongdoers who might otherwise have
cooperated. As law professor Jonathan Turley noted in USA Today, the bizarre
"overlapping immunity deals" given to Clinton's aides and staff eliminated any
incentive for them to provide evidence of Clinton's wrongful intent, making it
"unsurprising that Comey did not find evidence of 'intentional misconduct.'"



 But Clinton's allies, such as Senate Democrats and the Center for American
Progress, vociferously oppose extending mens rea protections to ordinary
Americans and business owners.  As legal scholars like the Manhattan Institute's
James Copland have noted, "In a cruel irony, the Obama administration has
scuttled one of its own late-term policy priorities -- criminal-justice reform
-- because it opposes affording ordinary people the same defense Comey invoked
for Clinton."



 More from Reason's Jacob Sullum:



 Consider the retired racecar driver on a snowmobile outing in Colorado who got
lost in a blizzard and unwittingly crossed into a National Forest Wilderness
Area, the Native Alaskan trapper who sold 10 sea otters to a buyer he mistakenly
believed was also a Native Alaskan, and the 11-year-old Virginia girl who
rescued a baby woodpecker from her cat.



 The first two of these incidents resulted in misdemeanor and felony
convictions, respectively, while the third led to a fine (later rescinded) . . .
All three qualify as federal crimes, even though the perpetrators had no idea
they were breaking the law--a kind of injustice that would be addressed by
reforms that opponents falsely portray as a special favor to corporate polluters
and other felonious fat cats.



 The federal code contains something like 5,000 criminal statutes and describes
an estimated 30,000 regulatory violations that can be treated as crimes. . .
Innocent acts, honest mistakes, and simple accidents can lead to criminal
convictions . . .That's a serious problem . . . as demonstrated by the
bipartisan support for mens rea reform in the House of Representatives.



 Yet Senate Democrats dismiss the proposed changes, which would add culpability
requirements to statutes that do not address the issue, as "corporate
protection." They blame Republican insistence on mens rea reform for imperiling
a criminal justice reform bill that until recently seemed likely to pass this
year.



 President Obama has excused Clinton's mishandling of classified information by
citing her alleged lack of "intentionally" engaging in wrongoing that would "put
America" in "jeopardy."  Yet, his administration opposes an intent requirement
when doing so might make prosecuting a hapless small business owner more
difficult.



 Senate Democrats' cynical objections to mens rea reform were criticized in a
recent interview with Reason TV by former Massachusetts ACLU leader Harvey
Silverglate. "There's no way of overestimating the cynicism of these people.
They're saying, 'It would be a terrible thing, because the people we don't
like--corporate executives--they will be able to get off by arguing that there's
absolutely no criminal intent on their part. So you want absolute criminal
liability for people you don't like. However, when they come at you, suddenly
you say, 'Well, I didn't intend to break the law.'"



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 14, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

NUCLEAR SCIENTIST SET FREE AFTER PLEA IN SECRETS CASE; JUDGE ATTACKS U.S.
CONDUCT

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 1684 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, Sept. 13


The former Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee pleaded guilty today to a single
charge of mishandling nuclear secrets and left court a free man with an apology
from a federal judge, who accused administration officials of abusing their
power and misleading him into thinking that Dr. Lee posed a threat to national
security.

This emotional scene marked the virtual abandonment of the government's case
against Dr. Lee, who had spent nine months in prison awaiting a trial that will
now never take place.

Dr. Lee, 60, was embraced in the courtroom by a throng of family members and
supporters. But before that celebration, Judge James A. Parker of Federal
District Court stunned a suddenly hushed courtroom by implicitly singling out
Attorney General Janet Reno, Energy Secretary Bill Richardson and senior
officials in the Clinton White House for what he said was a questionable
indictment, for misleading him about Dr. Lee's supposedly deceptive behavior and
then for ignoring his urgings that the government ease the "demeaning,
unnecessarily punitive conditions" under which Dr. Lee was being held.
Transcript, Page A25.

It was a moment of enormous weight, since it is exceptional for a federal judge
to give such an excoriating tongue-lashing to high-level federal officials.

Dr. Lee, a slight, soft-spoken man, was gleeful after the hearing and did not
discuss the judge's remarks. "For the next few days I'm going fishing," he said.

Judge Parker, a Reagan appointee known for his measured manner and unusual
patience, said he felt so deeply troubled by the government's consistent pattern
of abusive actions that he expressed to Dr. Lee, a man who minutes before had
admitted to a felony, his dismay that the government had unleashed the full
force of its powers so arrogantly.

"I have no authority to speak on behalf of the executive branch, the president,
the vice president, the attorney general, or the secretary of the department of
energy," the judge said, but "as a member of the third branch of the United
States government, the judiciary, the United States courts, I sincerely
apologize to you, Dr. Lee, for the unfair manner you were held in custody by the
executive branch."

At another point, the judge added that he felt he had improperly denied bail to
Dr. Lee. "I tell you with great sadness that I feel I was led astray last
December by the executive branch of our government through its Department of
Justice, by its Federal Bureau of Investigation and by its United States
Attorney for the District of New Mexico, who held office at that time."

The United States attorney who brought the indictment was John Kelly, who has
since resigned and is running for Congress.

Judge Parker said the "top decisionmakers" handling the case"have not
embarrassed me alone. They have embarrassed our entire nation."

The judge said he had been perplexed because an F.B.I. agent had recanted
crucial testimony about Dr. Lee's behavior, and because prosecutors had fought
furiously to keep Dr. Lee incarcerated claiming that he could cause the loss of
"hundreds of millions of lives" -- and then simply dropped its case.

The F.B.I. agent admitted he had been wrong when he claimed Dr. Lee lied to a
colleague to gain access to his computer for the downloading.

A central element in the prosecution's case had been a claim that Dr. Lee
downloaded the nuclear secrets to enhance his prospects of getting a job at
foreign scientific institutes, but the agent admitted that the letters Dr. Lee
had written to those institutes had never been sent.

After a tearful, private reunion with his family in a conference room, where he
and his family members sobbed, exchanged high-fives and shared their first
unsupervised moments of warmth since Dr. Lee was indicted and then arrested on
Dec. 10, he stood under a broiling desert sun in front of the courthouse and
thanked his supporters.

Chung Lee, his son, expressed mixed emotions over seeing his father finally set
free. "It was thrilling, but at the same time I became very sad thinking about
the last year, with my dad shackled."

Under the plea deal, Dr. Lee agreed to tell prosecutors why he downloaded the
trove of nuclear secrets, exactly what he did with the information and whether
anyone else had seen it. He also conceded that the government had been justified
in investigating the downloading.

Prosecutors insisted afterward that this cooperation was what they had sought
all along. "Justice is the winner today," said George Stamboulidis, the lead
prosecutor.

Asked about Dr. Lee's terms of confinement, Mr. Stamboulidis said, "When you
steal our nuclear secrets, we're not going to let you communicate with anyone."

Dr. Lee was never charged with espionage, but had been investigated for at least
five years on suspicion that he leaked secrets of a sophisticated nuclear
warhead, the W-88, to China. He was fired from his job at the Los Alamos
National Laboratory in March 1999, and his name -- as well as the government's
accusations -- were leaked to news organizations.

The government soon abandoned the concerns about spying because of a lack of
evidence, but agents later searched Dr. Lee's home and found evidence that he
had improperly downloaded a library of nuclear weapons secrets to an unsecure
computer and then to 10 computer tapes.

Seven of those tapes were missing, and Dr. Lee said through his lawyers that
they had been destroyed.

Those missing tapes became the focus of the 59-count indictment accusing him of
mishandling classified information to benefit a foreign power. They also were
the government's justification for jailing Dr. Lee, keeping him in solitary
confinement, shackled during his brief moments of exercise time, and giving him
only one hour a week of time with his family, all with an agent at his side.

Judge Parker criticized the government for rejecting Dr. Lee's efforts to reach
an agreement in December, and cited a letter from a defense lawyer seeking to
head off an indictment by offering a similar level of cooperation agreed to
today.

The lawyer, Mark Holscher, wrote in a Dec. 10 letter offering "to accept Mr.
Kelly's request that we provide him with additional credible and verifiable
information which will prove that Dr. Lee is innocent," including an agreement
for Dr. Lee to take a lie-detector test on his assertions that he destroyed the
tapes.

That letter could have been the basis of an agreement, the judge suggested,
which would have made the bitterly contested and highly divisive prosecution
unnecessary.

Numerous Asian American and civil rights groups took up Dr. Lee's cause,
insisting that the scientist, a naturalized citizen born in Taiwan, had been
unfairly singled out for prosecution because of his Chinese ancestry. These
concerns were buttressed by the claims of some intelligence officials that,
since Chinese spies focus on Asian Americans in their recruitment efforts, it
was appropriate to place Asian Americans under special scrutiny.

Judge Parker expressed dismay today that the defense's efforts to determine why
the government had singled out Dr. Lee, and whether it used racial profiling,
would be dropped along with the case. Previously, the judge had ordered the
government to hand over by Friday thousands of pages of classified documents
about how it investigated Dr. Lee and others suspected of mishandling secrets,
so he could determine the validity of defense claims that Dr. Lee was a victim
of selective prosecution.

"What I believe remains unanswered," the judge said, "is the question: What was
the government's motive in insisting on your being jailed pretrial under
extraordinarily onerous conditions of confinement until today, when the
executive branch agrees that you may be set free essentially unrestricted? This
makes no sense to me."

Norman Bay, the United States attorney here, and himself a Chinese American,
rejected the judge's criticisms, saying he was "particularly proud of the
Department of Justice."

"This case is not about race," Mr. Bay added. "It is about the actions of a man
who downloaded a huge amount of national security data."

But, as several people noted, Judge Parker had not focused on race in his
withering remarks today, just the government's tactics and misleading actions.

Mr. Stamboulidis attempted to refute the judge's remarks by suggesting that he
simply did not understand the national security issues.

"He is not responsible for our national security," said Mr. Stamboulidis. "It is
not his charge."

Already stung by criticism following reports on Monday that prosecutors were
dropping virtually their case against Mr. Lee, Justice Department officials were
further embarrassed by the judge's remarks.

Attorney General Janet Reno and F.B.I. Director Louis J. Freeh were unapologetic
about the actions of prosecutors and agents.

Ms. Reno said in a statement that the guilty plea would allow the government to
determine, by interviewing Mr. Lee, what happened to the missing computer tapes.

"Of equal importance," Ms. Reno said, "the trial court's recent ruling regarding
classified evidence suggested that a trial of Dr. Lee might have required the
government to divulge nuclear secrets at trial. The plea agreement avoids that
harm to our national security."

Some experts at Los Alamos have disputed the importance of records that Mr. Lee
copied, but Mr. Freeh said that much of the information was highly sensitive.
"While some of the information was not classified," his statement read, "the
government was prepared to prove that much of it was highly classified nuclear
weapons information."

Other senior law enforcement officials said they were not surprised at the
judge's denunciation of their efforts to keep Mr. Lee locked up, acknowledging
that prosecutors had failed to demonstrate why he merited such treatment.

Some law enforcement officials had said they hoped imprisoning Mr. Lee would
pressure him into pleading guilty and possibly admitting more serious crimes.
Even so, they conceded, that strategy was no justification for confining him.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 20, 2000, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

A picture caption on Thursday about the release of the former Los Alamos
scientist Wen Ho Lee from prison misspelled the surname of one of his lawyers.
The lawyer is John Cline, not Kline.




GRAPHIC: Photos: Dr. Wen Ho Lee left the courthouse in Albuquerque yesterday
with his lawyers, John Kline, rear, and Mark Holscher, and his daughter Alberta.
(Associated Press)(pg. A1); Wen Ho Lee pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of
mishandling nuclear secrets and was set free with an apology from a federal
district judge. "For the next few days I'm going fishing," Dr. Lee said.
(Associated Press)(pg. A25)


                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

Claims target clerk's office

BYLINE: David Allen, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 993 words


Mar. 12--Keith Melton, by a small margin, missed out on becoming a state senator
this past election season. But a state property incident report to the SBI
reveals a wealth of allegations against the Rutherford County Clerk of Court's
Office while Melton was in command.

The allegations are based upon a law-mandated audit following Melton's
retirement, according to a report obtained by The Star.

"Whenever there's a change in command, we send an auditor in and audit," said
Dick Ellis, with the North Carolina Administrative Office of the Courts.

Based on that audit, questions have been raised about the office and the
allegations are in black and white.

" ... mishandling of evidence, destroying evidence involving former employees,
misuse of state computers, mishandling criminal files and bonds ... ," read the
document reported by current Rutherford County Clerk of Court Robynn Spence.

What did the AOC's preliminary audit reveal?

An envelope containing $7,000 was stored in the office's bookkeeping vault and
there was reportedly no documentation housed with the cash to establish its
origin. Five cases involving an open container charge were waived despite state
law requiring a court appearance.

The list goes on.

"I've heard nothing about any investigation," said Melton, a Democrat. He
declined further comment.

Melton served as Rutherford County's Clerk of Superior Court for more than 20
years, and spent nearly 30 total in the judicial system.

Republican Debbie Clary defeated Melton for the state's 46th senate seat.

Investigation?

Spence said she requested an SBI investigation based on a preliminary audit
report, which detailed 16 findings.

Ellis said the preliminary report is simply "working notes."

"Some points ... may just disappear and not be included in the final report to
her," Ellis said. "They're all preliminary findings."

Spence, a Republican, hopes to receive the final audit report within 30 days,
"which will be a complete, detailed, written-out report."

Noelle Talley, with the Department of Justice, confirmed the SBI did receive
Spence's incident report and that an agent met with Spence and Rutherford County
District Attorney Brad Greenway.

"I spoke with an SBI agent last week regarding some practices and procedures in
the clerk's office and the SBI had not found anything at that point leading to
further investigation or criminal charges," said Greenway, a Democrat. "I
certainly have not told them not to conduct an investigation if they think one
is warranted."

Spence claims an investigation is ongoing and "is open," but added "at this time
there needs to be more evidence that needs to be compiled before any charges
will be considered."

In this case, Spence said evidence gathering involves going through individual
files --a time-consuming venture.

"It's going to require hands-on, someone going through each file," Spence said.
"(Pulling out) anything that seems suspicious. Just making copies and setting it
aside for the SBI agent."

Of the findings in the preliminary audit report, Spence said a few stuck out.

"My biggest concern was (the alleged) mishandling of criminal files and the way
cash bonds were handled," she said.

Findings and recommendations from a North Carolina Administrative Office of the
Courts preliminary audit report:

1. Lack of segregation of duties

"Bank reconciliations are prepared by the head bookkeeper. No segregation of
duties exists between reconciling the checking account and accessing the general
ledger ... The former head bookkeeper also assigned a receipt book to herself.
No fraudulent disbursements were found in this receipt book, however the
assignment represents a weakness to internal control."

2. Inadequate pledged securities

3. Incompletion of magistrate log

4. Unsecured magistrate cash and receipt books

5. Judgment abstracting

"A sample of 25 cases requiring judgment abstraction was selected for
examination and 21 of the cases' judgments had not been abstracted."

6. VCAP and ACIS update access

7. Unauthorized retention of minor funds

"Eight cases without court orders involving proceeds in excess of $25,000
awarded to minors were receipted by the CSC (clerk of superior court) and
invested. G.S. 7A-111 prevents the clerk from having authority to receipt these
proceeds in excess of $25,000 without a court order."

8. Undocumented approvals for voided receipts

9. Undocumented dismissal of implied-consent charge

10. Incorrectly waived criminal charge

"We found five cases with the charge driving with an open container after
drinking that were waived despite requiring a court appearance. In accordance
with G.S.138-7, this charge includes a mandatory court appearance."

11. Pooling account reconciliations

12. Unreturned upset bids

13. Property bonds

14. Retained cash bonds

"We examined all cash bonds with outstanding balances over a year. We found 54
disposed cases where the defendant appeared in court. No refund had been made on
these cases to the original cash bond payer. We also found 17 disposed cases
where the defendants failed to appear in court and potentially forfeited the
bonds. No entries had been made in the general ledger to move the amounts out of
the cash bonds account ... "

15. Evidence documentation and security

16. Bookkeeping vault security

"We observed that unused checks and cashiers' cash are located in the
bookkeeping vault and are not always secured. All employees have access to the
vault. During the audit, we also located $7,000 in cash that was stored in an
envelope in the vault. There was no documentation housed with the cash to
establish its origin."

To see more of The Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.shelbystar.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Star, Shelby, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090312-SS-CLERK-ALLEGATIONS-20090312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2009 The Star


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                           February 17, 2004 Tuesday

LETTERS

BYLINE: El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 944 words


City parks need more grass, trees

Wake up, El Paso, the once-beautiful parks and landscapes that were planned by
our ancestors for parks are going away very fast.

Grass is being removed in some areas and trees are being replaced with dry
bushes.

Water is not the issue, politics is.

Take Album Park, for example. A politician just wanted to make a name for
himself so now part of the park will be lost when a recreation center is built.
Ponder Park also has lost green space.

If other desert cities can be like an oasis, why can't we?

Unfortunately, I fear this letter will fall upon deaf ears. There's no interest
in the situation.

No wonder everyone is leaving the city.

Gene Garcia

East El Paso

Times criticized

Recently, most Americans were saddened as they watched the cheapening of the
Super Bowl by a trashy halftime exploitation.

Regrettably, our El Paso Times has taken a similar downhill route in its Living
section. The photos are a constant flesh parade, while the articles glorify the
sickest sides of our society.

There are worthy portions of our local paper, but we are watching the cheap
drive out the good.

Richard H. Brown

West El Paso

Thanks, El Paso

I am the niece of Julieta Ponce, who was injured in the recent gas explosion
that claimed the lives of our family members. Teresa and Gil Ponce were my
cousins.

I wanted to express my endless gratitude to the overwhelming response of the
community of El Paso to the tragedy that befell our family.

The prayers and financial aid from many generous people are greatly appreciated.
Thank you all, the Ponce family will never forget it.

Georgina Davis

Austin

What about the dead?

Since the serious failures and/or mishandling of U.S. intelligence regarding
countries such as Iraq have been exposed to the public, most politicians seem to
be more interested in finding out whether U.S. intelligence credibility has been
damaged.

But what about the many innocent people who were killed in Iraq? What about the
children who have been left orphaned? What about the families that have been
destroyed?

And are these officials thinking about the U.S. soldiers who are still being
killed in Iraq?

I wonder if Bush and his cohorts ever get their mind off of oil to think about
all the innocent people who have been killed because of this occupation. All the
damage caused by this war will never be restored.

I still have some faith in the judicial system of this country and hope those
responsible for mishandling U.S. intelligence in order to go to war with Iraq
will be brought to justice.

Sergio Martinez

West-Central El Paso

Bashing is unfair

Democrats' rhetoric is out of control and outrageous.

President Bush, a truthful and honorable man, has been accused of every
perceived evil imaginable.

One reader complained about Bush's ties to Enron, and how Enron executives
haven't been prosecuted (a lie), but neglected to mention how Enron grew to
prominence during the Clinton years (with Clinton's help), while giving millions
to Democrats.

One pundit stated Bush is the most partisan president ever, but failed to note
that Bush has repeatedly reached out to Democrats only to be back-stabbed and
ridiculed.

Another writer said the prescription-drug bill was designed by Bush to let
businesses avoid paying for health care. She didn't say how a benefit for
retired, elderly citizens is going to help businesses much, but what about the
Democrats' dream of universal health care?

That would remove the burden of health-care benefits from all businesses and put
it on the back of us all.

Hypocritical? You bet.

Time and again, some Democrats prove they can't have an intelligent discussion
of the issues without resorting to demonization and character assassination.

Larry DuMond

Northeast El Paso

Demos, wake up

I can't believe the liberal drivel that comes from the doom and gloom TV station
(CNN) about our president.

Every war was started under a Democratic president except the Gulf War.

There was not as much criticism about Clinton ordering U.S. military involvement
in Bosnia (killing 700 innocent people).

There was little criticism when Clinton wouldn't send more troops to help save
our solders in Somalia.

Also, Clinton could have had Osama bin Laden on a silver platter, but he was too
busy with Monica.

People should stop blaming President Bush for everything. The Democrats were in
office 40 years, all they talked about was, Medicare, Social Security and
education -- and that's all they did was talk.

The president can't create jobs, businesses do that. Sept. 11 resulted in the
loss of thousands of jobs. Also, there's NAFTA, and that hasn't helped either.

In my opinion, the Democrats dropped the standards of education; many children
cannot read or write. Yet Democrats blame that on President Bush, too.

Right or wrong, Texas' Democrats couldn't even stand up for what they believe in
the Texas redistricting -- they ran away like children throwing a tantrum.

When are Democrats going to wake up?

Kay B. Baumann

Northeast El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters to 200 words and allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address and daytime phone number, which will not be
published but are needed for verification only. Letters to the editor, opinion
and editorial columns and articles submitted to the Times may be published or
distributed in print, electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espanol.

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20, El Paso, TX
79999

Fax letters: 546-6343

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday

The Reko Diq saga

BYLINE:  Syed Fazl-e-Haider

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 22

LENGTH: 949  words


THE Supreme Court recently declared void and illegal a mining deal for the Reko
Diq copper project signed 20 years ago between the Balochistan government and
international mining companies.

The apex court in its ruling said that the agreement reached on July 23, 1993
was in conflict with the laws of the country.

In 2011, Tethyan Copper Company (TCC), a joint venture between Antofagasta of
Chile and Canada's Barrick Gold Corporation, approached the International Centre
for Settlement of Investment Disputes' Tribunal in Washington D.C. and claimed
damages after the Balochistan government refused to give the go-ahead for
extracting copper and gold from the project site. The TCC alleged that the
provincial government had violated the company's rights under the 1993 Chagai
Hills Exploration Joint Venture Agreement (CHEJVA).

The court's decision has weakened the TCC's case in the international tribunal
as CHEJVA has been declared void, which means that TCC has no rights to claim
under the 1993 agreement in the international court.

The Balochistan government had first signed the contract for the exploration
area with international mining company BHP Billiton in 1993 and established a
joint venture with the respective interests of the province at 25 per cent and
BHP at 75 per cent by virtue of a deed of waiver and consent signed in June
2000. The Australian Mincor Resources bought out BHP stakes in 2000.

The TCC, a subsidiary of Mincor Resources, has an alliance with BHP Billiton. In
April 2006, it assumed all rights and obligations of BHP under the CHEJVA by
means of a novation agreement. Hence Reko Diq was now jointly owned by
Antofagasta with 37.5 per cent, Barrick Gold with 37.5 per cent, and Balochistan
with 25 per cent stake.

The two foreign firms purchased these interests from the Australian TCC which
holds 75 per cent interest in the exploration licence encompassing the Reko Diq
region.

The latter is said to hold the world's fifth largest deposits of gold and
copper.

Initially, the deal was done with BHP, but the problem started when BHP sold its
interests to TCC and the latter sold it to Barrick Gold and Antofagasta.

It must be asked why the Pakistani authorities did not refuse the transfer of
the Reko Diq project from the internationally reputed BHP Billiton to TCC. It
was due to the incompetence and inefficiency of the then government in 2000 that
it could not exploit the opportunity to seek fresh offers for exploitation of
Reko Diq's reserves after BHP had failed to make significant progress on the
project.

Balochistan's mishandling has thrown the project into a prolonged and
complicated litigation process in the international tribunal. This has further
delayed the development of the gold mine.

The TCC spent $400 million on exploration and technical studies since 2006, the
year that Barrick bought a stake in the project for a reported $130m. TCC -
which was willing to invest $3.3 billion - offered the Balochistan government a
25 per cent equity stake in the company in addition to a royalty fee on its
revenues. In 2011, the Balochistan government rejected TCC's mining lease
application because it was said to be incomplete and the company violated the
agreement.

After failing to secure meetings with the Balochistan government, the company
took the matter to the international tribunal to seek compensation for the money
invested in the project.

Balochistan has to pay a heavy price for mishandling the Reko Diq project. The
cash-strapped province has been deprived of the economic bonanza associated with
the development of a world-class copper and gold mine in Chagai district. The
province was deprived of the much-needed multi-billion-dollar foreign investment
at a time when foreign investors have lost interest in the insurgency-hit
province.

The province was even unable to bear the cost of the legal battle in the
international tribunal against the foreign mining firms. The federal government
refused to pay Balochistan the Rs450m fee for legal experts to plead the
international case filed by the TCC. It was the government's inefficiency that
made it a disputed project in which no third party will be able to invest till
the tribunal completes its proceedings.

The Balochistan government could have negotiated with TCC for a better deal
addressing the province's genuine reservations about the project rather than
closing all doors of communication with the company and even refusing to meet
its executives. The stand-off between a foreign mining company and provincial
government sends a negative signal to prospective foreign firms eying to invest
in the country.

Can the next Balochistan government run the project on its own? Can it afford
the financial and operating costs of mine development? Reko Diq can be
indigenously developed without discouraging foreign investors by dividing the
400-square-kilometre area into various zones, leasing out land to foreign firms
and also keeping major portions for indigenous development. The funds from
leasing out land to foreign firms would enable the country to bear the
investment, financial and operating costs for developing the project
indigenously.

Also, it must be asked that if Balochistan is serious about developing Chagai's
copper deposits indigenously, why has it agreed to the five-year extension in
the lease period of Saindak copper and gold project acquired by the state-owned
Metallurgical Corporation of China in 2002 on lease, which expired in October
last year?

Why has it not decided to take over the Saindak mine from the Chinese, who have
reportedly been involved in excessive mining that has reduced the lifespan of
the mine and brought no economic benefit to the area?

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

            June 08, 1999, Tuesday, 0 South Pineg Floridian Edition

No box damage, no reimbursement

BYLINE: NANCY PARADIS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; ACTION; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 908 words



On Nov. 24, I sent a package containing a lamp valued at $ 239 through the U.S.
Postal Service. The package was insured. When the box was opened by the
recipient, the lamp was found to be broken.

Since the package was insured, I submitted a claim. It was denied. The reason
given was that the Postal Service does not accept liability for damages that are
not confirmed by postal personnel and that the mailing carton did not show any
evidence that the parcel was damaged or had been mishandled.

I sent a letter to the Postal Service in St. Louis to appeal this denial. I have
been in the retail gift business for 10 years and have been involved with
shipping and receiving goods for more than 30 years. Just because a package
shows no evidence of damage itself doesn't mean that it wasn't thrown or
mishandled in some way. The only way for postal personnel to confirm that the
damage didn't occur during transportation would be to have someone at the
business or home of every person who receives a package in order to watch it
being opened.

The lamp was in good condition when it was shipped. It was properly packed,
using the best packing supplies available. The recipient is a responsible man
who would not make a false claim. In fact, he did not even take it out of the
box when he realized that it was broken but called me for instructions. I called
the post office here and told him to take the box back to the post office in
Ohio. It sat there for 2 1/2 months before it was forwarded to St. Louis, and
even that took a number of phone calls.

The sole purpose for getting insurance is to receive compensation for articles
that are lost, stolen or broken. I can see no justification for denying this
claim. The lamp was damaged during shipment, not before or after. Richard Lewis

Response: Kathleen McGreevy, supervisor of claims appeals for the U.S. Postal
Service in St. Louis, said all insurance policies have exclusions and
limitations. Postal insurance is not unique in that respect.

Her office is required to process claims in accordance with the insurance
provisions published in the Domestic Mail Manual and Postal Service
Headquarters' directives. Under postal insurance provisions, payment is
prohibited when there is no evidence of postal mishandling to the exterior of
the mailing container.

The Richmond Heights, Ohio, post office has confirmed that there is no evidence
of postal mishandling to the exterior of the mailing container, McGreevy said.
Based on this information, she said the claim must be disallowed.

This decision may be appealed. You have 90 days to do so. Write to Consumer
Advocate Office, U.S. Postal Service Headquarters, 475 L'Enfant Plaza SW, Room
5821, Washington, DC 20260-2202.

Another winner

I received a "prize notification" in the mail, and I really think that this is
going too far! Many folks would definitely think this was authentic with this
picture and this card. It should be stopped. Sally Walker

Response: We had never seen this form of notification before, but, if you got
one, so have a lot of others. What immediately captured our attention was the
beautiful card with "Congratulations from both of us" written across the
flowered front. The message inside, addressed to "Dear Sally," gives you the
great news that you're guaranteed to win a prize and so congratulations are in
order, then there's the picture of the smiling people holding flowers, balloons
and a huge sign naming you as the winner of a $ 14-million prize. Wow!

But wait. Like you, we just knew this was too good to be true, so we took a
close look at the accompanying letter. It states that you're definitely going to
win a cash prize if the company hears from you by a certain date.

It's still looking good.

A few paragraphs farther along, however, we learn that most folks will win only
$ 1.

Suddenly that's not so exciting, even when that sentence is followed by one
saying you could win $ 100 or more, up to $ 100,000.

Hmmm. We're still hunting for the catch.

Ah, there it is, in the P.S. It's that little word if we've warned folks about
again and again when dealing with sweepstakes. It turns out you're the big
winner only if you have and return the winning number.

The letter doesn't lie, of course. You will get at least $ 1 for your trouble,
but subtract the 33-cent stamp and ask yourself: Was the 67 cents really worth
it? Judging by your note to us, your answer would be no.

Thank you for forwarding this piece of mail. We hope it keeps a few others from
believing that they are finally a grand prize winner.

Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a question, or your
own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have failed, write Times Action,
P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731, or call your Action number, 893-8171,
or, outside of Pinellas, (800) 333-7505, ext. 8171, to leave a recorded request.

Requests will be accepted only by mail or voice mail; calls cannot be returned.
We will not be responsible for personal documents, so please send only
photocopies. If your complaint concerns merchandise ordered by mail, we need
copies of both sides of your canceled check.

We may require additional information or prefer to reply by mail; therefore,
readers must provide a full mailing address, including ZIP code. Names of letter
writers will not be omitted except in unusual circumstances. Letters may be
edited for length and clarity.


LOAD-DATE: June 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    December 4, 1996 Wednesday Final Edition

Coaches in the line of fire: NFL coaches have little security and nobody knows
that more, than the coaches themselves. Two have been fired this season and more
pink slips could be on the way.

SOURCE: The Dallas Morning News

BYLINE: Rick Gosselin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: DALLAS


College football coaches discovered how little job security they have recenlty
when five of them were fired. NFL coaches have even less security.

Two of the 30 NFL coaches already have been fired, and there's still a month
left in the season. There are more to come -- maybe many more. In fact, it's
easier to list the coaches who won't be fired this off-season than those that
might be out for one reason or another.

There are a dozen coaches who are bullet-proof. Start with Marv Levy and Jimmy
Johnson. With four AFC championships to his credit, Levy can coach in Buffalo as
long as he wants. With two Super Bowl rings, Johnson has similar security in
Miami.

Division leaders Bill Cowher (Pittsburgh), Mike Shanahan (Denver), Mike Holmgren
(Green Bay) and Norv Turner (Washington) also are rock solid, as are first-year
coaches Tony Dungy (Tampa Bay) and Vince Tobin (Arizona). Both have pumped life
into perennial losers this fall.

Master motivators Ray Rhodes (Philadelphia) and Dave Wannstedt (Chicago) also
are safe. They've had to compete most of this season with backup quarterbacks.
Jeff Fisher has kept the Houston Oilers competitive in a lame-duck situation,
and Dom Capers may have done the best coaching job of all at Carolina. His
Panthers have emerged as Super Bowl contenders in just their second season.

The other 18 coaches can be divided into three categories -- pack your bags,
contact a realtor, and stay near a phone:

PACK YOUR BAGS

Rich Brooks, St. Louis -- The mishandling of Jerome Bettis and 18 losses in two
seasons rocked his bunker.

Wayne Fontes, Detroit -- The Wayne Watch is now a death rattle.

Dennis Green, Minnesota -- Green appears to be keeping the seat warm for Lou
Holtz.

June Jones, Atlanta -- Likely the final days of the run-and-shoot in the NFL.

Rich Kotite, N.Y. Jets -- The Jets fired Pete Carroll after one season at 6-10.
Kotite is 4-24 in two.

Bill Parcells, New England -- Boston isn't big enough for the guy that owns the
Patriots and the guy that coaches them.

Dan Reeves, N.Y. Giants -- Reeves wants something the Giants will not give him
-- more power.

Mike White, Oakland -- The Raiders underachieve no matter who the coach is.

Rick Venturi, New Orleans -- This interim was a long shot that became even
longer after an 0-4 start.

CONTACT A REALTOR

Tom Coughlin, Jacksonville -- It's hard to believe the Jaguars and Panthers
began operations at the same time.

The Panthers are Super Bowl contenders, the Jaguars aren't even division
contenders in the AFC Central Division.

Dennis Erickson, Seattle -- The mishandling of Rick Mirer and a failure to mount
a playoff run can't be ignored. But his strong Pacific Northwest ties may save
him.

Ted Marchibroda, Baltimore -- Fans already are starting to stay away and
Marchibroda, one of the nicest guys in the game, could be the scapegoat.

Bobby Ross, San Diego -- You keep hearing he wants to get back to the colleges.

STAY NEAR A PHONE

Bruce Coslet, Cincinnati -- A 4-1 record should make this interim hire
permanent.

Lindy Infante, Indianapolis -- Hard to judge the job he's done this season
because of all the injuries the Colts have suffered.

Marty Schottenheimer, Kansas City -- Has a year left on his contract but an
escape clause if general manager Carl Peterson leaves, which is a possibility.
Schottenheimer has never had a losing season and would join Reeves and Parcells
as the hot candidates.

George Seifert, San Francisco -- President Carmen Policy, Seifert and offensive
coordinator Marc Trestman all ought to be nervous with Bill Walsh in the
building.

Barry Switzer, Dallas -- It would be a good idea to win the Super Bowl, just in
case.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Coaches on the move may include Wayne Fontes, Barry
Switzer and, Bill Parcells. Buffalo's Marv Levy is safe.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1996 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Is Hillary Clinton too big to indict?;
Many see a double standard in the FBI's recommendation not to prosecute Hillary
Clinton for her use of a personal email server. But some say there's good reason
for that.

BYLINE: Peter Grier Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 861 words


Is Hillary Clinton too big to fail? In other words, does her status as the
presumptive Democratic nominee for president protect her from criminal charges
related to her use of a personal server for State Department communications?

That's what top Republicans are saying in the wake of Tuesday's announcement by
Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey that the bureau won't
recommend prosecution of Mrs. Clinton for her handling of classified emails.
It's one reason why the GOP-controlled House will hold a hearing Thursday on the
FBI's decision.

That hearing could be a pivotal forum for Clinton's foes. They'd like to portray
the former secretary of State as the undeserving beneficiary of what presumptive
GOP nominee Donald Trump labels a "rigged system."

After all, voters already give Clinton low marks for trustworthiness. Anything
that reinforces that feeling could be good for the Trump campaign. Plus, it
could keep the spotlight off Mr. Trump's own controversies - at least, for a
while. For Trump supporters, extending the period of Clinton's troubles is now
job one.

"This is one of the reasons why people are so dissatisfied, so upset about
government. They think that people live by a different set of rules, and the
Clintons, they take the candle on this one," said House Speaker Paul Ryan during
an appearance Tuesday on Megyn Kelly's Fox News show.

Why Comey essentially said 'never mind'

Mr. Ryan and other Clinton critics say that the split nature of Director Comey's
press conference was disorienting.

At first, the FBI director listed what Clinton did wrong, noting among other
things that on her private server she'd sent and received messages that were
classified at the time. Her handling of secret material was "extremely
careless," Comey said.

It seemed as if he might be leading up to a recommendation that the Justice
Department prosecute Clinton, after all.

And then he said, in essence, "never mind." The agency would not urge the
Justice Department to prosecute Clinton, he said. "No reasonable prosecutor
would bring such a case," according to Comey.

Why not? President Obama's Justice Department has a history of pursuing
officials who leak secrets, points out journalist Glenn Greenwald, who wrote
some of the initial reports on classified information provided by ex-National
Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden. The Obama administration has brought
more cases under the 1917-era Espionage Act than all previous administrations
combined.

While the Snowden case hinged on massive leaks, many of these prosecutions
didn't. Former Central Intelligence Agency employee Jeffrey Alexander Sterling
and former NSA executive Thomas Andrews Drake were both convicted of various
charges related to small amounts of classified material.

"Had someone who was obscure and unimportant and powerless done what Hillary
Clinton did - recklessly and secretly install a shoddy home server and worked
with Top Secret information on it, then outright lied to the public about it
when they were caught - they would have been criminally charged long ago, with
little fuss or objection," writes Mr. Greenwald at The Intercept.

The importance of motives

Perhaps. Motivation is a factor here, however. Both Messrs. Sterling and Drake
leaked information to reporters. (As did Mr. Snowden, obviously.) Clinton did
not.

In Clinton's case, there is no evidence of clear and willful mishandling of
intelligence, or any inference of disloyalty to the United States, according to
the FBI's Comey. That's a big reason why she wasn't charged.

"In looking back at our investigations into the mishandling or removal of
classified information, we cannot find a case that would support bringing
criminal charges on these facts," said Comey at his Tuesday press conference.

But wasn't isn't the same as couldn't. Under federal law, it's illegal to handle
classified information with "gross negligence." And Comey himself said that
Clinton acted with "extreme carelessness." Aren't those phrases descriptions of
pretty much the same thing?

They might be. However, Comey also emphasized that an examination of past cases
played a large role in the FBI's decision on Clinton. What that means, according
to right-leaning Washington Post pundit Jennifer Rubin, is that the FBI did
indeed think Clinton had violated federal law - but they could find no instances
of anyone being prosecuted under the "gross negligence" standard. They weren't
about to set a new precedent and blow up US presidential politics in the
bargain.

"We actually do require a high level of proof for prosecuting high government
officials so as to avoid politicized harassment of public officials," writes Ms.
Rubin. "Call that a double standard of justice, but frankly it's one with which
investigators and prosecutors are very familiar."

Rubin says this result will not satisfy everyone but might still be judicious.
Comey's description of Clinton's actions regarding her email server was
scathing. Many of her defenses have been exposed as untruths. Voters can now
make up their own minds. It is not the fault of the FBI that Clinton's electoral
opponent is someone with even lower public approval ratings.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 3, 2010 Friday

Defunct Twin Cities gang unit long in disarray

BYLINE: By David Hanners dhanners@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime and Court Stories; Minnesota-Twin Cities; News

LENGTH: 1445 words


As far back as 2002, Minneapolis police officials worried that Metro Gang Strike
Force officers were mishandling evidence yet did nothing to address the
problems.

Depositions and documents in a newly settled lawsuit involving the anti-gang
unit show that department officials up to Police Chief Timothy Dolan were told
that unit members were, in the words of one officer, "committing perjury" and
that "violations of due process (are) going on every day" in the elite force.

Police Sgt. Kelly O'Rourke, who had served on the strike force, filed a
"whistleblower" civil lawsuit against the unit and city in August 2009. The city
recently settled with him.

In depositions for that suit, he testified he told a string of superiors,
including Dolan, about serious problems.

"This place is a mess. Their civil procedure is terrible. They have -- the cops
are going to be committing perjury as soon as they get on the stand and testify
to the chain of custody," he said of one conversation he had with a superior who
is now a precinct commander.

Those problems, left unchecked, led to the unit's downfall in scandal. Minnesota
Public Safety Commissioner Michael Campion disbanded the Metro Gang Strike Force
last year, citing improprieties that included abuses of suspects' rights and
improper seizure of evidence.

The wrongdoing was documented in reports by the Legislative Auditor's Office and
a special panel appointed by Campion. One of the two authors of the review
panel's report, retired federal prosecutor Andrew Luger, called some officers'
conduct "criminal."

Despite that claim, it is doubtful any former member of the unit will be held to
account. In September, Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman said a special
criminal inquiry concluded there wasn't enough evidence to bring charges against
anyone.

Federal prosecutors investigated the unit but charged only one person, a former
Minneapolis police officer accused of violating a teen's civil rights by kicking
him. A jury acquitted the officer.

UNGUARDED 'MESS'

While criminal investigations have yielded little, civil suits have fared
better.

Several suits were filed by people who claimed strike force members illegally
seized their property, and O'Rourke filed his whistleblower claim. The officer
said his superiors harassed him and retaliated against him because he complained
about improprieties in the unit.

He also claimed the department tried to cover up the wrongdoing and withheld
knowledge of the mishandling of evidence by other members of the force. The city
denied the claims.

In a deposition he gave in August, O'Rourke testified that soon after he joined
the gang unit in 2005, he became alarmed by the misconduct and complained to his
superiors, particularly Lt. James Heimerl, who commanded the Minneapolis
contingent on the strike force.

He said his main concern was the handling of evidence at the unit's headquarters
in New Brighton. O'Rourke said he warned Heimerl that the unit's evidence room
-- a garage -- was an unguarded "mess" and could easily lead to an officer
perjuring himself on the witness stand.

An attorney for the city asked O'Rourke why he was worried about members
committing perjury.

"Well, it was very simple," he replied. "If you have 20 people walking by a
piece of evidence on a daily basis, times however long it takes for that case to
get into prosecution, when you step up on the stand and you testify that your
chain of custody was never messed with or was not manipulated in any manner,
it's a complete lie."

He said he complained to Heimerl about the problems weekly for a year, but
nothing was resolved.

"Having conversations with him was really interesting," O'Rourke testified of
his lieutenant. "You'd walk into his office, you would lay out all this stuff
that was as a matter of fact, you know, procedure, you know, this is an issue.
And then he'd start talking about his Wild tickets or, you know, his
granddaughter or his sore hip, you know. It was, by far, the most frustrating
thing I've ever dealt with in my career."

'A DISASTER'

Heimerl acknowledged in a July deposition that serious problems existed in the
handling of evidence. He said he noticed them almost from his first day in the
strike force in December 2006. He said he complained to Dolan.

"I thought the place was a disaster when I first walked in, and I remember
asking (Minneapolis police) Lt. Andy Smith as he showed me around, and I might
have used a couple of obscene words in describing all of the stuff that was
sitting out like it was hard to believe," he testified.

"There was no place to put it when it was taken in, and there was no reasonable
way to dispose of it once it was taken in," he said of the unit's evidence. "So
it just grew and grew and grew. And there were things there from the opening
years back around 2000 that were still sitting there."

He said he complained to Dolan and the strike force's board, made up of police
officials from member agencies. Heimerl also said he complained to Ron Ryan Sr.,
who headed the strike force and its predecessor for 11 years.

Heimerl said Ryan wasn't happy with the evidence issues but did nothing.

Heimerl said Dolan offered to help strike force leaders straighten out the
evidence problems in 2009, but the offers were rejected.

Ryan retired from the Ramsey County sheriff's office in 2008 and declined
comment Friday, saying his attorney had advised him "to stay out of the whole
deal."

EVIDENCE ISSUES

It appears from at least one internal Minneapolis police document that
department officials were concerned about how the gang unit operated as far back
as 2002 -- especially about the way it handled evidence seized from suspects.

Proper handling of evidence makes or breaks a criminal case. First, officers
must make sure there is probable cause and a legal basis to seize the evidence.
Once they seize it, they must inventory and catalog it properly, and make sure
it is secure.

When prosecutors present the evidence in court, they must demonstrate the "chain
of custody," the proof that the item has not been tampered with or left
unguarded. Once a case is done, the evidence must be destroyed, auctioned or
returned to the owner.

The reports issued last year faulted the Metro Gang Strike Force for abuses of
all those procedures. But Minneapolis police had concerns about evidence issues,
according to a March 2002 "audit/assessment report" by the department's
quality-assurance unit.

The report said strike force officers had problems with the proper handling of
evidence and record keeping, and that there were problems with supervision.

In a warning that would prove prescient given the lawsuits that followed, the
audit said if the unit didn't make "a reasonable attempt to notify owners of
property eligible for release prior to its destruction, it could be possible for
property owners to make a financial claim against the MGSF for reimbursement."

That's what happened. In one case, the strike force's insurance company paid a
man $70,000 to settle the lawsuit he filed after officers took $4,500 from him
but never accused him of a crime.

The report made 13 specific recommendations, including that the unit "make a
reasonable attempt" to notify property owners that they could get their seized
property back before it was destroyed. It also said the unit lacked a computer
system to keep track of evidence and other case information.

There is no indication anyone took heed of the recommendations or that the
report was given to Ryan or to the board that oversaw the unit.

'TONE DEAF'

O'Rourke's case was set to go to trial this month, but the parties settled
before Thanksgiving. The city of Minneapolis agreed to pay the officer $80,000,
said the officer's lawyer, Patrick Burns.

"The city knew about these problems and did nothing to correct them," said
Burns. "As a result, they have destroyed the careers of those officers who were
sent there to do a job, and nobody has been held to account for all of this."

Through a spokesman, Dolan said he couldn't discuss the matter because the
settlement had not yet been signed by both sides and ratified by the city
council.

Burns said many of the strike force's problems could have been avoided had
leaders listened to O'Rourke and others.

"It was the leadership, from Heimerl to Ryan to the board members to people like
Dolan whose job it was to say, at a minimum, 'We have a political problem here
brewing. When this comes forward, there's going to be a high price to pay,' " he
said.

"At a minimum, they should've understood this, and yet they were tone deaf,"
Burns continued. "They were tone deaf to protecting the civil liberties of the
accused."

David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      April 28, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

QUACKENBUSH CITES ERRORS;
STILL, THE INSURANCE OFFICIAL DEFENDS THE FOUNDATIONS HE CREATED WITH MONEY FROM
COMPANIES ACCUSED OF MISHANDLING QUAKE CLAIMS

BYLINE: Amy Chance and Dan Smith

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1497 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


SACRAMENTO - A "mortified" state Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush
acknowledged to a legislative committee Thursday that "mistakes were made" by
private foundations he created with money from insurance companies accused of
mishandling earthquake claims.

But the commissioner nevertheless defended what he said was conceived as an
"effective, innovative" attempt to return money to earthquake victims as
directly and quickly as possible.

"Please know that these foundations were established with the best of intentions
created to do nothing more than do good for consumers," Quackenbush said in his
opening remarks to the Assembly Insurance Committee. "Please also know that we
are clear as to the need to improve the manner in which these foundations are
run and come up with new ways to make them more accountable to the public for
whom they serve."

Quackenbush said he was not angry or resentful at appearing before the committee
"mortified might be the word" and said that because mistakes were made in the
way the foundations were created "ultimately mistakes were made in my estimation
in judgment, timing and prioritization."

"I believe that the earthquake research projects should have been prioritized,"
he said. "They obviously were not. For that, I take responsibility. I consented
to a process that didn't get the job done in this regard. But I believe the
process can be corrected."

Committee members were less than satisfied with the answers they got from him
and a half-dozen Department of Insurance officials to whom he deferred a host of
questions.

Assemblyman Jack Scott, D-Pasadena, the committee chairman, termed their answers
"guarded" and said he intends to hold more hearings and call more witnesses,
issuing subpoenas if necessary.

Quackenbush was questioned about why he created the California Research and
Assistance Fund last year and how he is spending the $11.6 million it collected.

Critics say no money from the fund has been spent on earthquake victims and that
at least $5 million in spending benefited the Republican commissioner
politically, from public service TV ads featuring him to donations to funds that
had ties to him but no connection to earthquakes.

Lawmakers quoted an opinion from the nonpartisan Legislature Counsel stating
that Quackenbush lacked legal authority to direct insurers to contribute to
foundations he created rather than pay fines to the state.

Quackenbush dropped his department's pursuit of hundreds of millions of dollars
in fines against half a dozen insurers for mishandled Northridge earthquake
claims in exchange for donations to the California Research and Assistance Fund,
ostensibly for consumer aid and seismic research.

Quackenbush said his attorneys believe he does have authority to direct
settlements into his foundations, which he called an effective, innovative way
to help earthquake victims.

Scott disagreed.

"I feel consumers have not been as completely served as depicted here today. The
creation of the foundation has not as yet gotten a dime to consumers," Scott
said.

Quackenbush acknowledged that no foundation spending has gone to consumers.

The committee's 3 1/2-hour hearing was the first of what is expected to be at
least four legislative hearings in coming weeks into Quackenbush's regulation of
the insurance industry, particularly his handling of Northridge-related
complaints.

The Assembly and Senate insurance committees have authority to review all
activities in Quackenbush's department and may propose new laws to correct
problems they identify.

The Legislature has the power to impeach Quackenbush, but Scott said that was
not the purpose of his hearings, the first of which focused on Quackenbush's
creation and use of the fund.

Lawmakers pressed Quackenbush to explain how a $2.38 billion threatened fine
against State Farm Insurance for mishandling Northridge claims was reduced over
six weeks of talks last spring to a $2 million State Farm contribution to the
fund.

Quackenbush said his department used the $2.38 billion figure for "shock value"
but never thought it could win a fine that big.

David Langenbacher, who represented Quackenbush in negotiations with State Farm,
said $2.38 billion was an estimate of the maximum fine State Farm faced if every
consumer claim were upheld.

His goal was never to obtain fines, which would go to the state, but to persuade
State Farm to reopen and review the claim files of victims of the 1994
earthquake, Langenbacher said.

State Farm, which paid $4 billion in claims on the Northridge quake, did reopen
the files of 120,000 policyholders and paid $3 million more to customers whose
claims were mishandled, he said.

Asked repeatedly for details of negotiations with State Farm, Quackenbush's
chief counsel, Brian Soublet, refused to release any documents detailing the
department's allegations against State Farm or the insurance company's response.
Soublet said the documents had to be kept secret to prevent any compromise of
the department's settlement process.

"When you start out with $2.3 billion and end up with $2 million, you either
start out with a position you can't justify or you didn't do your job very
well," said Assemblyman Thomas Calderon, D-Montebello.

State Farm officials weren't called to testify. In recent weeks, they have
repeatedly disputed Quackenbush's contention that their $2 million contribution
to the fund was a settlement in lieu of fines, insisting that it was a
contribution for earthquake research.

Quackenbush also refused to give the committee copies of "market conduct" files
tracking patterns of consumer complaints against insurers. Quackenbush said
those studies prompted his action against State Farm and five other insurers for
low-balling, delaying or improperly denying payment on Northridge-related
claims.

Some of the most critical questioning aimed at Quackenbush came from Assemblyman
Tom McClintock, R-Granada Hills, who said he was troubled by State Farm
officials' account of one negotiating session at the department.

Company officials have said former Deputy Commissioner William Palmer presented
them with one sample news release announcing a $2.3 billion fine and detailing
alleged transgressions and another more favorable release outlining their
contribution to the research and assistance fund.

McClintock said he is concerned "that the government has authority and the power
to go to any citizen, be it a corporate citizen or an individual citizen, and
say, Contribute to this very worth cause or I will make your life a living
hell.' That is the allegation that I find the most troubling."

Department officials told committee members they could not recall that the press
releases were presented.

One participant in the meeting, however, confirmed the presence of the press
releases to the Sacramento Bee. "They were blown up and hanging on the wall,"
the source said.

McClintock said later that the insurance companies either "violated the law and
they should have been fined, or they were innocent of violating the law. (But)
they were excused from that examination by this settlement."

Associated Press contributed to this story.

INVESTIGATION

Here is a look at who is investigating Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush
and what they are looking at:

Assembly Insurance Committee

Whether Quackenbush had legal authority to let insurance companies accused of
mishandling claims of Northridge earthquake victims make donations to a
foundation he created in lieu of bigger fines to the state.

How that foundation, the California Research and Assistance Fund, spent the
$11.6 million it received from insurers.

Senate Insurance Committee

May focus more on earthquake victims who contend they received unreasonably low
settlement offers or had their claims delayed or mishandled in other ways.

Attorney General Bill Lockyer

Lockyer's investigators have subpoenaed records of three foundations created by
Quackenbush. Sources close to his investigation say it will take several months
and that other subpoenas will be issued soon.

Fair Political Practices Commission

Two complaints were filed by political reform activist Tony Miller. One accuses
Quackenbush of improperly accepting $345,000 in campaign contributions from
insurers with business before his office. The other alleges Quackenbush failed
to comply with a law requiring elected officials who request donations for
nonprofit corporations to report each request to the FPPC within 15 days.

Legislative counsel

In response to a request from state Sen. Jackie Speier, D-Daly City, chairwoman
of the Senate Insurance Committee, Legislative Counsel Bion Gregory issued a
nonbinding opinion stating that Quackenbush exceeded his authority by allowing
insurance companies to escape fines by donating to the California Research and
Assistance Fund.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scripps-McClatchy News Service
Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush appears before the Assembly Insurance
Committee on Thursday. (AP)

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    August 26, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

Reno Weighs Recommendation to Prosecute Former CIA Chief

David A. Vise; Vernon Loeb , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 634 words


Attorney General Janet Reno is weighing a recommendation to prosecute former CIA
director John M. Deutch for home-computer security violations but has made no
final decision on whether to bring criminal charges, sources familiar with the
case said yesterday.

Paul E. Coffey, a former prosecutor brought out of retirement by Reno to review
the Deutch case, has informed Justice Department officials that he believes
charges should be brought against Deutch for drafting top-secret intelligence
documents on unsecure home computers linked to the Internet, the sources said.

In its initial review of the case, Justice Department officials decided against
prosecuting Deutch for exposing highly classified information on unsecure home
computers to possible cyberattacks by hackers or foreign intelligence services
throughout his tenure as CIA director from May 1995 through December 1996.

But Reno announced in February that she had asked Coffey to review the case
again after a highly critical CIA inspector general's report on Deutch's
security violations was leaked to the media and caused controversy on Capitol
Hill.

At the time, senior advisers to Reno expressed concern about the appearance of a
double standard when the Deutch case was compared with that of Wen Ho Lee, a
former physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory who was indicted in December
on 59 felony counts for downloading nuclear secrets to unsecured computers and
portable tapes.

Deutch, who has admitted the breach and apologized for violating CIA security,
left the CIA in late 1996 and went back to his job as a professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Lee has been in solitary confinement
since December, although a federal judge in New Mexico ruled Thursday that he
can be released on $ 1 million bail next week after restrictive conditions for
his release are worked out.

In August 1999, four months after the Justice Department declined prosecution,
CIA Director George J. Tenet stripped Deutch of his CIA security clearances. He
acted after receiving the findings of his own inspector general, which concluded
that Tenet and other agency officials had bungled, but not obstructed, an
internal investigation into Deutch's security violations.

If Reno accepts Coffey's recommendation and seeks criminal charges against
Deutch, her action would represent the first time in history that a
cabinet-level official has been charged with violations of the espionage act or
a related statute for mishandling classified information.

Provisions of the espionage act make the willful mishandling of classified
defense information a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison; taking
classified information home without authorization is a misdemeanor punishable by
up to one year in prison.

Deutch's lawyer, Terrence O'Donnell of Williams & Connolly, could not be reached
for comment last night.

Prosecuting Deutch would be "unprecedented," said John L. Martin, who retired in
1997 as head of the Justice Department's Internal Security Section after a
26-year career in which he supervised prosecution of 76 espionage cases.

Martin, who now runs the Washington office of the OSO Group, an international
investigative firm, said the Justice Department's usual practice has been to
seek administrative sanctions, including the removal of all security clearances,
but not criminal charges against government officials who mishandle classified
information.

Since Deutch's clearances have now been lifted, barring his service as a
government official or contractor on classified matters, Martin said, "that
should be deterrent enough and satisfy the need for further action. I do not see
this as a criminal matter, from what I've read about it and what I've reviewed
over the years."


LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              July 17, 2009 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Board acts against physicians;
Doctors and a physician assistant are disciplined for mishandling narcotic
prescriptions.

BYLINE: MAURA LERNER, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 488 words


Two Minnesota doctors and a physician assistant were disciplined this month for
inappropriately prescribing narcotics to patients, and a third doctor was
reprimanded for forging prescriptions for himself, the Minnesota Board of
Medical Practice said Thursday.

The board issued reprimands to all four practitioners, and announced that a
fifth had given up his medical license after allegedly touching a patient in a
sexual manner.

Among the disciplinary actions:

- Dr. Kristine Hentges, 43, of Shakopee, was accused of inappropriately
prescribing a controlled substance that contributed to the death of a patient in
October 2006. A board investigation found that, in multiple cases, she "failed
to meet the minimum acceptable standards of medical care," according to the
board's report.

It also found that she prescribed "excessive quantities" of narcotics on
multiple occasions, and failed to properly assess her patients or heed warnings
that they were abusing drugs. Hentges accepted the reprimand as part of an
agreement to end the investigation. She also was prohibited from prescribing
controlled substances until she completes a series of courses, and was fined
$4,994.

- Dr. Julie Krenik, 37, of Hutchinson, was disciplined after a board
investigation found that she, too, failed to meet "acceptable minimum standards"
of care, and prescribed excessive quantities of narcotics. According to a
settlement agreement, she admitted mishandling narcotics prescriptions and
failing to recognize signs of drug abuse in patients. In addition to the
reprimand, she was ordered to take classes in chemical dependency, pain
management and other practices, and pay $4,279 in fines.

- Dr. Thomas Lorenz, 57, of Brainerd, who has a history of chemical dependency,
admitted signing another doctor's name to several narcotic prescriptions, and
diverting narcotics to his own use, according to a board investigation. Lorenz
entered chemical-dependency treatment in December, the report said. As part of
the settlement agreement, he may continue practicing under a state program that
monitors impaired physicians, and must pay $1,914 in fines.

- Mark Shoemaker, 58, a physician assistant in Ramsey, was reprimanded after a
board investigation found that he failed to properly prescribe narcotics or
evaluate patients medically. He was ordered to take courses in chronic pain,
chemical dependency and other medical issues, and may continue to practice in a
group setting, according to a settlement agreement.

- Dr. Dennis Jacobson, 67, of Glencoe, voluntarily gave up his medical license
after he was accused in January of touching a female patient in a sexual manner,
using no gown, drape or gloves during a physical exam. The board said he
resigned from his clinic in May as a result of a "substantiated case of
inappropriate conduct with a patient."

The individual reports can be found online at www.tinyurl.com/lbhzu8.

Maura Lerner - 612-673-7384

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Voters should pay attention to proposed county election changes

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 713 words


THE RETIREMENT of county Auditor-Controller Richard Arrow has created an
opportunity to take a new look at how the county does business.

Marin's system of elected department heads dates to a template established when
California became a state.

County Administrator Matthew Hymel makes a good argument for change and has
offered two scenarios.

Voters would have to approve giving county supervisors the option of eliminating
two elected posts - auditor-controller and treasurer-tax collector. They would
be replaced by an appointed county financial officer, who would oversee the
functions of collecting, investing and keeping track of spending county tax
dollars.

Hymel favors putting such a measure on the November ballot.

He said a second approach would be to combine the auditor-controller and
treasurer-tax collector duties into a single elected department head. That would
not require voter approval.

Hymel appears to favor making the combined job an appointed position that would
answer to him or the Board of Supervisors. Other California counties have made
similar moves.

Marin's management structure has had its problems in recent years.

Costly problems created by mishandling of the deployment of the county's new
financial software exposed some holes in the county's chain of command. Neither
Hymel nor the Board of Supervisors is the boss of the elected
auditor-controller, who headed the controversial conversion to the new software
system. Would it have gone more smoothly and saved taxpayers millions if there
had there been a different management structure? We're not sure. Supervisors'
role in addressing the debacle has been primarily limited to approving the
hiring of costly consultants to fix a string of problems.

Hymel argues that making the job an appointed position would take away the
politics and replace it with professionalism. The county could conduct a
nationwide search to find an expert in the intricacies of public finance.

A local election certainly doesn't guarantee that level of professional skill.

But plenty of questions about Hymel's proposal remain unanswered.

Certainly, given tougher economic times and advances in modern management, there
are opportunities for cost-saving consolidation.

Last week Hymel outlined his proposal to the IJ editorial board.

While it might save the county money and run the county more like a business,
the change could come with a cost.

That price would be the loss of voter control and public accountability. A
department head who is elected by voters, not appointed by supervisors or the
county administrator, should be more open and independent.

Marin has a history of electing some independent auditor-controllers who would
speak out and question expenses and financial decisions. The county needs more
of that - not less. The county's annual budget, after all, is close to $500
million. There's a lot at stake.

We would have preferred to see the current auditor-controller publicly object to
the county's quiet transition away from public disclosure of its payroll. Those
important policy decisions were handled in-house and the IJ had to go to court
to get the information that had been denied to Marin taxpayers.

Being elected rather than appointed means a department head can raise pointed
questions about county decisions without worrying about losing his or her job.
The flipside is an elected official could get in the way of good-government
measures, because of politics or mishandling his or her duties.

Hymel, in trying to address concerns about possible loss of voter control, is
suggesting the county could structure the job so the finance chief could be
removed only by a four-fifth votes of the county Board of Supervisors and only
after a full public hearing. That's a helpful provision.

Having a change in county governance on the November ballot will put the
decision in front of what promises to be a large majority of Marin voters.
Asking them to make a decision on a complicated issue that has not benefited
from an extensive public airing of the possible costs and benefits is troubling.
That would need to be remedied.

Supervisors face a deadline of Aug. 4 to put a measure on the ballot.

We encourage Marin citizens to pay attention to the debate. It's going to be
fast, maybe furious and very important.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      October 29, 1996 Tuesday 2D EDITION

METRO DIGEST

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 771 words

CASTLE ROCK Kiln victim identified A worker who became trapped and died inside a
kiln at Denver Brick Co. has been identified as Dennis W. Lont, 45, of Castle
Rock.

Lont was found shortly before noon Sunday after a co-worker noticed a warning
light on the kiln was flashing. Fellow workers searched for 15 minutes, then
opened the kiln from the control panel and found him inside, said patrolman
Eugene McComas.

The death remains under investigation.

"Somehow he got into that room and couldn't get back out again," said Police
Chief Tony Lane, adding that foul play isn't suspected. Investigators hope that
an autopsy will shed more light on what happened. DENVER Cord blood bank opens
The University of Colorado cord blood bank has opened at University Hospital. It
is one of a few such banks nationwide and the only one in the Rocky Mountain
region.

Cord blood offers a possible alternative to bone marrow transplants for diseases
such as leukemia.

Mothers of newborn babies will be asked to donate the blood from the baby's
umbilical cord and placenta, which are usually thrown away. Cord blood contains
stem cells, which can be used in place of bone marrow stem cells for people
undergoing bone marrow transplants.

Doctors hope to bank up to 5,000 cord blood units, particularly from people of
African-American and Hispanic ancestry, since those populations have low rates
of marrow donor matches. Morrison lawyer disbarred A Morrison lawyer who
repeatedly made false accusations against judicial officers and others in a
probate case has been disbarred, the state Supreme Court said yesterday.

The high court said Gary Alan Bottinelli, who has practiced law since 1972 and
who was suspended previously for similar misconduct, was serving as a lawyer in
a probate case in El Paso County involving a 74-year-old woman. The client was
under treatment for depression and dementia, records showed.

During one of the proceedings Bottinelli filed numerous motions claiming a
conspiracy among court officials, including two judges and various Colorado
Springs lawyers, against his clients.

Later, a judge found Bottinelli and his clients had resisted the closing of the
estate case and assessed him $ 7,122 in costs. The judge also assessed costs to
his clients.

The high court noted he had not paid any of the judgments.

In addition to disbarment, the court ordered Bottinelli to pay $ 8,881 in costs.

The court also ordered a three-year suspension of Robert M. Hohertz of Colorado
Springs for mishandling several child custody cases and for mishandling several
divorce cases.

Hohertz had been suspended in 1995 and received five letters of admonition from
the court's grievance committee between 1990 and 1996. GLENDALE Community update
offered Mayor Joe Rice is hosting a community reception this evening to update
residents on issues related to education, taxes, crime and community
development.

The reception will be 6-8 p.m. at the Bull & Bush Restaurant, 4700 Cherry Creek
Drive South. Refreshments and a cash bar will be available. Call 759-4843 for
more information. WESTMINSTER Shooting witnesses sought A Denver man was shot
and wounded outside El Fugitivo nightclub, 7301 N. Federal Blvd., early
yesterday, police said.

Jose Ramos Castillo, 25, was reported in fair condition yesterday at St. Anthony
Hospital Central with a gunshot wound to his right shoulder. Police said
Castillo left the dance hall shortly after midnight and was walking to his car
when four to six men between the ages of 18 and 20 confronted him.

One man pulled a handgun, and when Castillo pushed the weapon away it fired. The
suspects fled southbound on Federal Boulevard in a small blue foreign car.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Mike Lynch at 430-2400
ext. 2815.

The city recently settled a discrimination lawsuit filed by El Fugitivo's owners
against a new ordinance banning those under 21 from the club. City officials
said they were trying to avoid underage drinking. METRO AREA Coats for the
coatless The annual Coats 4 Colorado campaign is now collecting coats to
distribute to organizations helping the homeless and others in need.

North metro residents can take coats to Northglenn Mall from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Friday and Saturday. Volunteers will collect coats near the information booth in
the mall at 10590 Melody Drive, just west of the 104th Avenue exit off
Interstate 25.

Dependable Cleaners also will accept coats through Nov. 30 at any of its 23
metro-area locations.

The drive is sponsored by Dependable Cleaners, KCNC-TV News 4, KIMN 100 FM and
the Rocky Mountain News.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

Canada feels jilted ... blames Obama;
U.S. ambassador to Canada weighs in, saying: "The relationship between the
United States and Canada has never been stronger"

BYLINE: CAMPBELL CLARK

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; CROSS-BORDER RELATIONS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 797 words


cclark@globeandmail.com

Blame Obama. Two heavyweights of Canada's foreign-policy elite have created a
stink doing just that. It might mark a milestone in changing Canadian attitudes
to the United States. And it's now drawn Barack Obama's envoy to Canada into the
fray.

The fuss roiling the world of cross-border wonks and officials is over How Obama
Lost Canada, an article in the online edition of the weighty American journal
Foreign Affairs by former Canadian ambassador to the U.S. Derek Burney and
respected Carleton University professor Fen Hampson.

It argues that the President has jilted Canada by mishandling decisions on the
Keystone pipeline, Buy American, a long-delayed Detroit bridge, and even
snubbing Ottawa's UN Security Council campaigns. Notably, the authors warn that
Canada can turn elsewhere for trade, like Asia - and the U.S. might not always
have such an "obliging partner" to the north. Now, Mr. Obama's envoy, U.S.
ambassador to Canada David Jacobson, has stepped in to answer the accusations
that Mr. Obama has botched the job.

"I was surprised by the suggestion from Derek Burney and Fen Hampson that the
relationship is failing, given the incredible progress we've made in the last
year, and in the past two weeks in particular," Mr. Jacobson said in an e-mail.
Canada and the U.S. just signed an agreement for a new Detroit bridge, he said,
and also confirmed the timetable for border-accord goals. "The President and the
Prime Minister met personally to announce Canada's invitation into the
Trans-Pacific Partnership," he said. "The relationship between the United States
and Canada has never been stronger."

It's a debate that has cross-border officials and wonks talking.

Maryscott "Scotty" Greenwood, chief of staff to former U.S. Ambassador to Canada
Gordon Giffin and now adviser to the Canadian-American Business Council, said
the case by Mr. Burney and Mr. Hampson doesn't add up to a jilting. "They're
looking for monsters under the bed," she said.

A major example was the rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline extension to bring
Alberta bitumen to Texas, a decision that Mr. Burney and Mr. Hampson argue was
of obvious benefit to both countries (On this point, Mr. Burney has taken flak
because he's a director of the pipeline developer TransCanada Corp., and the
journal Foreign Affairs initially omitted that info).

But Ms. Greenwood argues that Mr. Obama's keystone decision was a temporary
delay caused by a domestic debate in the U.S., fuelled by pipeline spills,
environmental lobby politics and a controversial route. "The political debate
has very little to do with Canada." The border accord and regulatory
co-operation, she said, are examples of progress.

Ms. Greenwood's a Democrat, but Republican presidential challenger Mitt Romney
has already accused Mr. Obama of botching the Keystone decision. George W.
Bush's former Ambassador to Canada, David Wilkins, said the Obama
administration's handling of issues like Buy American and Keystone have been
less favourable to Canada. "I don't know if neglect is the right word, but
certainly not treated as well," he said.

The article has certainly struck a chord. Larry Herman, a prominent Canadian
trade lawer with Cassels Brock in Toronto, e-mailed Mr. Burney to say he agreed.
He said the most telling sign of U.S. inattention is the Detroit bridge Mr.
Jacobson cited as an example of co-operation - Mr. Obama didn't push for it, so
Ottawa had to finance it. Perhaps, he said, not all of the article's examples
are perfect, "but they've said what had to be said."

But Canada's felt jilted before, in disputes over softwood lumber, and the
border buildup that started under Mr. Bush. U.S. inattention has been a
perennial Canadian complaint. Perhaps what's really different is the suggestion
Canada will have other places to do business, like in Asia.

Mr. Burney and Mr. Hampson are being provocateurs, ringing bells in the U.S.
foreign-policy world and among Canada's chattering class, that the U.S. isn't
everything to us any more. Ten years ago, a Canadian who wrote a diagnosis of
U.S.-Canada problems would have insisted that it was crucial for Ottawa to fix
them because Canada was so dependent on the U.S. Now, they're putting the onus
on Mr. Obama, saying he's mishandling a relationship that's important to him.

Just as Prime Minister Stephen Harper responded to the Keystone delay by placing
a higher priority on selling oil to Asia, Mr. Burney and Mr. Hampson are warning
that Canada is gradually becoming less reliant on U.S. trade, and less dependent
on the U.S. But don't let that be a comfort: the pair's next work, published
Tuesday, argued that Canada is ill-equipped to deal with the emerging markets,
notably in Asia, that represent its trade future.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 3, 1989, TUESDAY, ST. CHARLES Edition

SAFEGUARDS URGED FOR SENIOR CITIZEN FUND

BYLINE: Lisha Gayle Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 734 words


A state official is calling for better safeguards to prevent theft or
mishandling of a $7,700 fund at the Odell Senior Citizen Center in St.  Charles.
The official is Paul Bolerjack, deputy director of the Missouri Division of
Aging. He called for the safeguards in an interview Monday, about a week after
an auditor from his office inspected financial records at the Odell Center, 1455
Fairgrounds Road, St. Charles.  ''There's nothing we saw that would lead us to
believe that there was any misuse of the money,'' Bolerjack said.  But the
inspection at O'Dell exposed ''a weakness'' that also could exist at similar
centers around the state.  The Odell center provides meals and programs for
people who are age 60 and older. The center is run by the Mid-East Area Agency
on Aging, a non-profit corporation based in Brentwood.  The $7,700 fund is money
raised by the center's Site Council, nine people who serve as advisers to
Mid-East. The money is used for center supplies and activities.  Bolerjack sent
auditor Patty Costello to St. Charles last week to see whether the center had
controls to prevent theft or mishandling of the $7,700.  Bolerjack sent Costell
after he learned that Mid-East had no controls over the fund overseen by the
Site Council at the Odell center.  Costello found ''an operating understanding''
on how the money is used, but that offers too little protection, Bolerjack said.
Rules must be set down in writing on how to document purchases and payments, he
said. Kathy Newsom, director of the Odell center, said Bolerjack's suggestion
''sounds all right to me . . . you do need some rules.'' She said that under the
current understanding, any check written on the fund requires the signatures of
the council's pres ident, the treasurer and a member at large. Any purchase of
more than $100 must be approved by a vote of the Site Council, Newsom added.
The $100 rule caused controversy recently when the council's purchasing manager
failed to get approval for a $200 can opener for the center's kitchen.  The
purchaser didn't realize the limit and has promised to consult the council on
future purchases of more than $100, council officials said.  St. Charles may not
be the only center lacking protection for such a fund, Bolerjack said.
Therefore, he has proposed a new rule that would bring funds of such site
councils under the control of their area agencies on aging.  At the Odell
Center, the Site Council is a ''sub-organization of Mid-East,'' so the council's
money should be overseen by Mid-East, Bolerjack said. That way, the fund would
be subject to all of the rules that Mid-East must follow, he said.  ''The
division (of aging has given no direction to area agencies on this in the
past,'' Bolerjack said. ''It's something where we need to give more direction.''

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday

San Mateo County: Judge tosses suit accusing coroner of mishandling man's brain

BYLINE: By Joshua Melvin jmelvin@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 397 words


REDWOOD CITY -- A judge has dismissed a New York couple's lawsuit -- which they
refiled three times -- alleging the San Mateo County coroner mishandled their
son's brain.

Bringing to a close an approximately 19-month legal struggle in San Mateo
Superior Court, Judge Joseph Bergeron ruled Wednesday that Jerald and Sandra
Wolkoff cannot proceed with their case. The couple alleged Coroner Robert
Foucrault broke the law when he allowed an ambulance company to take samples of
Steven Wolkoff's brainstem.

In a two-page ruling Bergeron wrote the Wolkoffs did "not identify any statute
that requires the coroner to seek consent before taking a body part." He didn't
allow the family another chance to refile, as they received in three prior court
decisions on their suit.

San Mateo County applauded the decision, while attorneys for the Wolkoffs said
the family is considering an appeal.

Steven Wolkoff died after a car wreck on Highway 1 in July 2008. His parents
alleged in a separate 2009 lawsuit that ambulance company American Medical
Response made errors that led to their son's death. In response, the company got
Wolkoff's brain tissue as part of its defense against the wrongful death case,
which has since been settled for an undisclosed sum, attorneys said previously.

The Wolkoffs say they didn't know the coroner had retained part of their son's
brain, and never gave their permission for it to be turned over to the ambulance
company.

"The Wolkoffs are pretty upset about the ruling," said their attorney Jayme
Burns of Oakland-based law firm Gwilliam, Ivary, Chiosso Cavalli & Brewer. "They
were devastated. Their (Jewish) faith requires the entire body be buried."

Due to ongoing litigation concerning the wrongful death case, the removed parts
of Wolkoff's brain still have not been interred with him, Burns said.

San Mateo County Counsel John Beiers said the coroner didn't do anything wrong
and the judge made the right call.

"The court had been very benevolent in giving the plaintiffs several chances to
amend," he said. "Finally the judge had to close the door on the case."

Foucrault was accused once before of mishandling the remains handled by his
office. Isolina Picon filed suit against the coroner in 2007 after learning his
staff had retained her son's heart. Picon's suit was later dismissed.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him atTwitter.com/melvinreport .

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 18, 2012 Thursday

San Mateo County: Judge tosses suit accusing coroner of mishandling man's brain

BYLINE: By Joshua Melvin jmelvin@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 397 words


REDWOOD CITY -- A judge has dismissed a New York couple's lawsuit -- which they
refiled three times -- alleging the San Mateo County coroner mishandled their
son's brain.

Bringing to a close an approximately 19-month legal struggle in San Mateo
Superior Court, Judge Joseph Bergeron ruled Wednesday that Jerald and Sandra
Wolkoff cannot proceed with their case. The couple alleged Coroner Robert
Foucrault broke the law when he allowed an ambulance company to take samples of
Steven Wolkoff's brainstem.

In a two-page ruling Bergeron wrote the Wolkoffs did "not identify any statute
that requires the coroner to seek consent before taking a body part." He didn't
allow the family another chance to refile, as they received in three prior court
decisions on their suit.

San Mateo County applauded the decision, while attorneys for the Wolkoffs said
the family is considering an appeal.

Steven Wolkoff died after a car wreck on Highway 1 in July 2008. His parents
alleged in a separate 2009 lawsuit that ambulance company American Medical
Response made errors that led to their son's death. In response, the company got
Wolkoff's brain tissue as part of its defense against the wrongful death case,
which has since been settled for an undisclosed sum, attorneys said previously.

The Wolkoffs say they didn't know the coroner had retained part of their son's
brain, and never gave their permission for it to be turned over to the ambulance
company.

"The Wolkoffs are pretty upset about the ruling," said their attorney Jayme
Burns of Oakland-based law firm Gwilliam, Ivary, Chiosso Cavalli & Brewer. "They
were devastated. Their (Jewish) faith requires the entire body be buried."

Due to ongoing litigation concerning the wrongful death case, the removed parts
of Wolkoff's brain still have not been interred with him, Burns said.

San Mateo County Counsel John Beiers said the coroner didn't do anything wrong
and the judge made the right call.

"The court had been very benevolent in giving the plaintiffs several chances to
amend," he said. "Finally the judge had to close the door on the case."

Foucrault was accused once before of mishandling the remains handled by his
office. Isolina Picon filed suit against the coroner in 2007 after learning his
staff had retained her son's heart. Picon's suit was later dismissed.

Contact Joshua Melvin at 650-348-4335. Follow him atTwitter.com/melvinreport .

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                   February 21, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

QUACKENBUSH'S TRIPS QUESTIONED;
FORMER STATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONER REPORTEDLY HELPED INSURANCE COMPANIES AFTER
ACCEPTING PAYMENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES Former state insurance commissioner Chuck Quackenbush, who resigned
under threat of impeachment, took actions to benefit insurance companies after
he accepted all-expenses paid trips to Amsterdam, London and Beijing, it was
reported Tuesday.

Quackenbush took the trips with San Francisco insurance industry attorney James
Woods months before he resigned last July amid charges of mishandling 1994
Northridge earthquake claims, the Los Angeles Times reported.

Woods and Quackenbush have been friends and associates since 1994 when Woods
helped Quackenbush raise money for his first campaign for insurance
commissioner. Woods then headed Quackenbush's transition into office.

Woods' clients picked up the tab for Quackenbush's air fare, luxury hotels and
entertainment. The commissioner and his entourage were treated "first-class
luxury all the way around," said William Portanova, an attorney for George
Grays, Quackenbush's former deputy commissioner who went on one trip.

Grays, accused of taking $170,900 from a Northridge quake community relief fund,
pleaded guilty last year to mail fraud and money laundering charges.

Under California law, the insurance commissioner is allowed to accept gifts from
the industry he or she regulates as long as it is reported.

But officials at the Fair Political Practices Commission say it is unclear
whether Quackenbush disclosed all gifts. Public records show he did not report
trips to Beijing, London and Amsterdam, only hotel costs in the latter two
cities.

Woods, a managing partner at LeBoeuf, Lamb, Greene & MacRae, defended the trips,
saying each was directly related to the insurance regulatory business and
Quackenbush's duties. "I think we handled things appropriately, or at least from
my standpoint they were," he told the L.A. Times.

Quackenbush resigned after he was found to have reached secret agreements with
insurance companies that required them to contribute to foundations he created
to benefit needy communities. Those donations, solicited instead of heavy state
fines for the companies' mishandling of Northridge earthquake claims, were used
for political expenditures that benefited Quackenbush.

The foundations are being investigated by the FBI, the U.S. attorney in
Sacramento, and the California attorney general. Quackenbush's former deputy,
Grays, is a government witness.

Throughout Quackenbush's tenure, LeBoeuf was one of the law firms that
represented companies before the state Department of Insurance. At the same
time, Quackenbush hired LeBoeuf as an adviser for state business. LeBoeuf served
as tax adviser for the then-fledgling California Earthquake Authority, which
insures homeowners against earthquake damage.

In February 2000, Dutch insurers Aegon USA Inc., ING America Insurance Holdings
Co., and Fortis Inc. paid for the Quackenbush's trip to Amsterdam as they waited
for him to sign off on a $4.2-million payment to set up a humanitarian fund. The
trip included air fare, meals, accommodations at the Grand Sofitel Demeure
Hotel, and a stop in London.

The trip took place after Quackenbush signed a December 1999 agreement to have
the companies donate to a Holocaust fund. But he left office without requiring
them to pay.

State Auditor Elaine Howle said she could find no reason why the money was
uncollected because there was more than enough time to demand and receive
payment.

Insurance Commissioner Harry Low, a retired judge appointed by Gov. Gray Davis,
has asked the state attorney general to work out a payment plan.

In November 1999, Quackenbush had gone with Woods to Beijing for an insurance
symposium, co-hosted by Wood's firm LeBoeuf. Woods' clients Liberty
International, a member of the Liberty Mutual Group, and Metropolitan Life
Insurance Co., picked up the tab for the five-night stay, the Times said.

At the time of the Beijing trip, Woods was a lawyer for Fidelity Title
Insurance, which was seeking approval to merge with Chicago Title Corp. that
would make it the nation's largest title insurance company.

Three days after Quackenbush returned from China, he ordered his staff to reach
settlement with title companies, including settling an insurance department
lawsuit against Fidelity that accused the company of earning interest off
consumer escrow funds. Woods said he never discussed the escrow issue during the
trip and the timing was purely coincidental. The two companies later
successfully merged.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

The Blade, Toledo, Ohio, Steve Pollick column

BYLINE: Steve Pollick, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 869 words


Nov. 08--The aging, creaking, frankly dangerous Ballville Dam on the Sandusky
River at Fremont should be removed for a host of sound reasons, but a determined
opposition is using half truths and flatly erroneous contentions to try to
sabotage the effort.

Last week a letter to the editor of The Blade demonstrated just this. The writer
cherry-picked an Ohio Department of Natural Resources' report to create the
impression that walleye, the ever-prized Lake Erie gamefish, never even bother
to swim as far upstream as the dam during spring spawning runs.

It is a flat misrepresentation, an act of adding 2 and 2 to get 22. The
statement did not tell you that it selectively was lifted from a report about
research involving tagged fish.

Indeed, no tagged fish ever were recovered at or in the tailwaters of the dam
during that short project. But that does not mean that walleye do not run all
the way to the foot of the dam.

Indeed, they incontrovertibly do, said Mike Wilkerson, fish management
supervisor for the ODNR's Wildlife District 2 at Findlay. So much for a
cherry-picked "fact."

The letter went on to flat out misstate that the Ohio Division of Wildlife, the
fish-management arm of the ODNR, never located fish "further upstream than Roger
Young Park in the City of Fremont." Nonsense. Sport fishermen, mind you, are not
allowed to fish above the park, toward the dam, during the March and April
spawning runs. If fish did not run above the park, why would the state ban
angling there during spawning season?

Wilkerson went on to note, though the letter-writer was not clear on the point,
that state biologists planted walleye above the dam in an experiment to
determine whether spawning-run fish could reproduce in the 22 miles of stream
stretching up to Tiffin.

The upriver research on walleye spawning was well publicized and openly
documented in the early stages of consideration of finding an alternative source
for Fremont drinking water [i.e., build an upground reservoir, like so many
other regional communities]. This plan was sought because nitrates in
farm-fertilizer runoff [an agronomic failing] pollutes the river at Fremont so
often that drinking-water warnings must be issued.

The Sandusky River spawning stock of Lake Erie walleye was decimated when the
city convinced an oh-so-willing U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to build one of
their patented, multimillion-dollar, flood-control projects to "save" its
downtown heart, which consisted at the times of mostly late 19th-century
business storefronts in varying states of disrepair. A number of them since have
been razed.

The floodwall and attendant dikes indeed protected the old downtown [while
Walmart and the Big Boxes drew commerce out north of town toward the Ohio
Turnpike]. But the flood-controls destroyed the principal walleye spawning
grounds, which lie in a great lowland oxbow that swept to the east of downtown.
Since then the famed Fremont spring walleye run, which used to draw more
fishermen and seasonal commerce than the now-vaunted Maumee River run, has
fallen to a mere shadow of itself.

But walleye could return in force, in time, if they had access to historic
spawning beds that have been denied to them for a century by the Ballville Dam.

The city already has set aside the $8.8 million needed to take down the dam. The
dam, which has not been repaired or otherwise shored up in more than 40 years,
has been placed in the "most dangerous" classification by the ODNR's Division of
Dam Safety. Which means that if it fails, someone may die.

The dam has not been used for its initial intended purpose, hydroelectric power,
for more than 60 years. Restoring it and its innards to hydropower status is a
pipe dream.

If the city does not remove the dam it has to surrender the $5 million that the
ODNR granted it to do it. And it still would have to raise millions for repair.
Fixing the dam and installing a fish bypass, a "ladder," would cost a whopping
$17.5 million.

Spending more on the dam, given that tear-down money is in hand and adds no more
expense, should be a sore subject for Fremonters, given the mishandling of the
new 100-acre reservoir project. It is built on a rocky sponge [lots of political
and legal finger-pointing going on there]. Mishandling the design process has
ballooned the reservoir's cost from $18 million to a current $30 to $32 million
[It now has to have a massive liner so it can hold water.]

Claims that keeping the dam would leave the city with a backup water supply
doesn't hold water, given that the pool behind the reservoir has all but silted
in with 100 years' worth of upstream farmland erosion. That back-up water still
would be laced with the farm-nitrates pollution that spurred the reservoir
alternative in the first place.

So, the dam has got to go. Anything else is vested nonsense. Concerns about harm
to bank-side real estate property values are a smokescreen. This lovely river
and its valued scenery are not going to go away. Only a slow-moving, muddied
pool and an old dam will disappear.

Contact Steve Pollick at: spollick@theblade.com or 419-724-6068.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111108-TO-The-Blade-Toledo-Ohio-Steve-Pollick-column-1108-20111108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 21, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Security Violations at Justice Dept. Cited; Officials in Foreign Police Training
Unit Mishandled Secret Data, Inspector Says

Vernon Loeb; David A. Vise, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 874 words


Justice Department officials responsible for training foreign police engaged in
"pervasive, recurrent and persistent" security violations in the mid-1990s,
including actions that could have led to the compromise of top-secret
information, according to a new report by the department's inspector general.

The report, which will be the focus of a House Judiciary Committee hearing
today, shows that Justice Department employees repeatedly mishandled classified
information in a manner that bears some similarity to alleged security
violations by former Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee and former CIA director
John M. Deutch.

"I question how this Justice Department can have the moral authority to
investigate others for mishandling classified information with a track record
like this," said Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa). "They get an F for the
example they've set. I certainly hope heads will roll."

The 414-page report levels some of the same allegations that were made in the
Lee and Deutch cases, including failure to report fully on travel to sensitive
countries, improper contact with foreign nationals, failure to protect
top-secret documents and e-mailing classified information on unsecure computers.
The information mishandled by the Justice Department officials, however, may
have been far less significant than the nuclear data Lee removed from Los Alamos
National Laboratory or the intelligence and defense secrets Deutch kept on
unsecure computers at his home.

The violations allegedly were committed by officials in the Justice Department's
Criminal Division who run a program to train police in emerging democracies,
including former Soviet republics.

The unit, called the International Criminal Investigative Training Assistance
Program, or ICITAP, deals with police officers who sometimes share information
about international crime and terrorism. Its employees handle classified
information about the internal workings of foreign police.

Normally, the inspector general's recommendation to punish officials in this
program would be reviewed by lawyers in the Criminal Division. But senior
Justice officials plan to announce at today's hearing that they will set up a
special, independent process to determine what penalties to impose.

Justice spokesman Myron Marlin said the department already has suspended the
security clearances of several senior managers and implemented new security
procedures. He also played down any similarities between the Justice
Department's internal problems and the case of Lee, who has pleaded guilty to a
felony charge of mishandling nuclear secrets.

"It is not appropriate to make comparisons from one case to another," Marlin
said. "But obviously, any security violation is of concern."

The officials accused of violations are Janice Stromsen, ICITAP's former
director; Joseph Trincellito, the former associate director; and Cary Hoover,
Stromsen's special assistant. A Justice official said the people involved have
been instructed not to comment on the matter, and attempts to reach them
yesterday were unsuccessful. All three have left ICITAP but are still employed
by the department, the report by acting Inspector General Glenn Fine says.

The report also cites violations by Robert K. Bratt, who was the Criminal
Division's chief administrative officer and oversaw ICITAP. He retired last
month and cannot now be administratively disciplined for failing to report
foreign travel, improperly arranging a visa for a Russian girlfriend or
repeatedly lying to government investigators, according to the report. Bratt's
top-secret security clearance and improper relationships with two women in
Russia, the report says, made him "vulnerable to blackmail or extortion." Bratt
has denounced the inspector general's report and investigation as "scurrilous
and unethical."

Stromsen is quoted in a rebuttal section of the report as acknowledging her
failure to enforce security regulations but taking exception to many of the
inspector general's conclusions. The report quotes Hoover as acknowledging that
he gave classified documents to uncleared staff members, and it says Trincellito
has sent a letter to department officials "apologizing for his inattention to
security and explaining his conduct."

The inspector general began his investigation in April 1997 when a
whistleblower, Martin Edwin Andersen, told security officials that Hoover had
given uncleared staff members access to classified information.

Security officials confirmed the allegation and searched the training program's
offices, finding more than 150 sensitive documents in unsecured areas. Three
months before the search, a Russian delegation had been given access to the
offices. "It was not known if any of the foreign nationals saw unsecured
classified documents," the report says.

The IG also found that classified documents "had been left unsecured on a
bookshelf" in ICITAP's offices in Haiti and could have been compromised by
Haitian nationals. And the report says that managers routinely lied to U.S.
embassies by stating that employees and contractors had secret security
clearances when, in fact, they did not.

Staff writer Susan Schmidt contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                               February 13, 2004

Soldier faces al Qaida spying charges

BYLINE: Dan Glaister in Los Angeles

SECTION: Guardian Home Pages, Pg. 3

LENGTH: 377 words


A US soldier destined for Iraq was arrested yesterday pending charges of aiding
al-Qaida.

An army spokesman said that the soldier, a National Guardsman based at Fort
Lewis in Seattle, Washington, had attempted to contact the terrorist group
before leaving for a year's posting in Iraq.

The soldier was alleged to have been "aiding the enemy by wrongfully attempting
to communicate and give intelligence to the al-Qaida terrorist network".

The spokesman said that a sting operation mounted by the FBI, the US army and
the US justice department found that the soldier entered an internet chatroom in
an attempt to communicate with al-Qaida. Army sources stressed he had never been
successful in contacting the terrorist group.

It is not known what information the soldier, army specialist Ryan G Anderson,
was allegedly attempting to pass on.

Anderson, 26, is a tank crew member from the National Guard's 81st Armour
Brigade, a 4,000-member unit ready to leave within months for a one-year
deployment in Iraq.

A Muslim, he studied at Washington State University and graduated in 2002 with a
degree in military history, with an emphasis on the Middle East. He converted to
Islam five years ago.

Captain James Yee, the Guantanamo Bay military chaplain who was detained last
September on charges of membership of an espionage ring, was command chaplain at
Fort Lewis before being stationed at Guantanamo.

Those initially grave charges against Captain Yee were later downgraded to the
less serious charge of mishandling classified information. He was also charged
with adultery and keeping pornography on a government computer.

The charges have incensed his supporters, who argue that they are an attempt by
military authorities to salvage a misguided arrest.

The chaos surrounding the charges has also fuelled suspicions that the army is
deliberately targeting Muslims within the forces.

A Syrian-born translator was arrested last year and potentially faced the death
penalty, but most of the charges against him were later dropped. Senior airman
Ahmad al-Halabi had been charged with espionage, disobeying an order, making
false official statements, mishandling classified documents and lying on a
credit application.


LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                 November 26, 2003 Wednesday MINNESOTA EDITION

GUANTANAMO CHAPLAIN RELEASED FROM BRIG
ONCE AN ESPIONAGE SUSPECT, MUSLIM CLERIC FACES FAR LESS SEVERE CHARGES

BYLINE: FRANK DAVIES, Washington Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 519 words


WASHINGTON -- A Muslim Army chaplain who was suspected of espionage at the
Guantanamo Bay prison camp was released Tuesday.

Capt. James "Youseff" Yee, 35, spent 76 days in confinement, some of that in
maximum security, but in the end, the charges against him were far less serious
-- including four lodged Tuesday of adultery, conduct unbecoming an officer,
failure to obey an order and making a false official statement. He was charged
Oct. 10 with mishandling classified material.

The adultery allegedly occurred with an unspecified woman at Guantanamo and in
Orlando, Fla., between July and September 2003, and pornography was found on his
government-issued computer at the base in eastern Cuba, Raul Duany, a spokesman
for the U.S. Southern Command, said.

Yee, who is married and has two children, was released from the Navy brig at
Charleston, S.C., one day after his lawyer wrote President Bush that the
chaplain's confinement wasn't warranted by the charges.

Maj. Gen. Geoffrey Miller, commander of the prison facility at Guantanamo,
decided Yee "presented no flight risk" and ordered him to report to Fort
Benning, Ga., said Southern Command spokesman Christopher Sherwood.

"Chaplain Yee and his family are gratified by his release," said Eugene Fidell,
his Washington-based lawyer.

Yee counseled many of the detainees captured during the war on terrorism and
held at Guantanamo. His Sept. 10 arrest in Jacksonville, Fla., after a flight
from Guantanamo, coupled with the arrests of two Arabic-language translators,
raised fears of a major security breach involving the interrogation of terrorist
suspects. It also touched off congressional hearings on how the military selects
Muslim chaplains.

Yee, a Chinese-American who converted to Islam after graduating from West Point,
faces an Article 32 investigation -- the military equivalent of a grand jury
proceeding -- on lesser charges that indicate he wasn't part of an espionage
ring or wider conspiracy.

"This began with the blackening of Chaplain Yee's name as a national security
threat, and at the end of the day the offenses are rather trivial," Fidell said.

The Uniform Code of Military Justice classifies adultery as a punishable
offense, U.S. Southern Command said.

Fidell also warned Bush that Yee's confinement had rankled the Muslim community,
Asian-Americans and military lawyers. And he noted that former CIA Director John
Deutch was only reprimanded for breaching security regulations by mishandling
classified information.

The case and that of the two translators touched off an investigation this fall
at Guantanamo. Southern Command sent a team of experts to tighten security among
the U.S. troops and civilians who interrogate, incarcerate and provide services
to the 660 detainees. Diagrams of the cells at the camp are appearing on Islamic
Web sites.

One of the translators, Senior Airman Ahmad Halabi, has been charged by the Air
Force with espionage. The other, Ahmad Mehalba, a civilian, has been charged
with lying to a federal officer.

This report includes information from the Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     APRIL 22, 2004 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Vatican urging leaders to do more self-policing;
"Fraternal correction" could help with sex abuse or other issues. Critics say it
won't work.

BYLINE: Jim Remsen INQUIRER FAITH LIFE EDITOR

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 895 words


Prompted largely by the Catholic sex-abuse scandal, the Vatican is calling on
ranking archbishops to monitor their regions actively for mishandling of abuse
cases or other matters.

The directive, contained in a pending updated manual of bishops' duties,
promotes the hierarchical custom of "fraternal correction." It urges prelates
known as metropolitan archbishops to confront bishops of smaller neighboring
dioceses about any "abuses and errors" and report the cases to Rome.

The action is being praised by some as assuring a welcome vigilance. It is
criticized by others as relying on a voluntary, in-house procedure that has
rarely brought sanctions in the past. Some say the move could undercut recent
efforts at independent scrutiny of the hierarchy.

Fraternal correction "is a system built on goodwill, and that has hardly ever
worked in church history," said the Rev. Ladislas Orsy, a prominent canon lawyer
who teaches at Georgetown University's law school.

The Vatican directive is to take effect worldwide in coming weeks, once it is
translated from Italian and distributed.

It comes at a pivotal time in the American church, as the U.S. Conference of
Catholic Bishops debates its lay review board's request to repeat the special
outside auditing of dioceses' sex-abuse policies that was conducted last year.
Some Vatican officials have voiced unease at having lay-run oversight of
bishops, and a faction of U.S. bishops has lobbied against having another round
of audits.

"Some of them may try to cite fraternal correction to stop the audits," Anne
Burke, an Illinois judge who heads the review board, said Tuesday of the
dissenting bishops. "That's why the lay board has to stay in place. We must stay
strong and committed to this."

The review board's stinging report on the abuse crisis, made public in February,
called for greater fraternal correction. But it also backed further audits and
endorsed a system proposed by Georgetown's Orsy under which teams of clergy and
laity would visit dioceses with broad powers to take testimony.

Msgr. John Strynkowski, an official of the bishops conference, has read the
Vatican document and said it urges a metropolitan archbishop to report a
bishop's "abuses and errors" to the envoy known as the papal nuncio.

Strynkowski said the archbishops could learn of problems through news reports,
conversations with bishops, and letters from parishioners. Serious problems such
as fiscal mismanagement, excessive drinking, or mishandling of sex-abuse cases
would be reported automatically, he said, while others might be "questions of
prudence" best handled through private talks with the bishop.

"Most bishops would be amenable to fraternal correction," said Bishop Thomas
Doran of Rockford, Ill., canonical-affairs chairman for the bishops conference.
"We profit from each other's mistakes and listen to each other's counsel."

Fraternal correction has often proved difficult because bishops have no
authority over one another. Though the Vatican wants archbishops to take the
lead because they are "first among equals" in territorial clusters of dioceses,
they cannot order a bishop in that cluster, known as a suffragan, to open files,
halt an action, or even meet with them.

The U.S. church has 33 clusters, or provinces, each headed by a metropolitan
archbishop. Cardinal Justin Rigali of Philadelphia is metropolitan for the eight
dioceses in Pennsylvania.

Rigali declined to comment on the Vatican directive, saying through his
spokeswomen that he would review it in coming months with the state's bishops.

Archbishop Daniel Pilarczyk of Cincinnati, a former president of the U.S.
bishops conference, said the directive gives metropolitans "responsibility more
than authority, and it's relatively vague responsibility."

If he hears a bishop "is messing up, say, spending without accountability, I may
call and say, 'Is it true? What's going on?' But I don't remember ever
intervening in 22 years" as a metropolitan.

"I have a hard enough time supervising what goes on in Cincinnati," he said,
"and I hardly know the good stuff, much less the bad, about my suffragans."

Pilarczyk said he favored further audits. The directive's expectations of
metropolitans "sound fine, but we all have to live in the real world," he said.

Another skeptic is the Rev. Thomas Doyle, who gained renown as an early,
thwarted whistleblower on sex abuse by priests when he worked for the papal
nuncio in the 1980s.

"Bishops protect each other, and the Vatican protects bishops above all," said
Doyle, now an Air Force chaplain. "That is obvious from what has happened in the
last few years."

The Rev. Thomas Reese, editor of the Jesuit magazine America, said he believes
the abuse scandal has given bishops "a great incentive" to blow the whistle:
"They realize this is a disaster and when one screws up, they're all blamed."

Still, he said, Rome has only one penalty for bishops, removal from office,
"which is the ecclesiastical equivalent of the nuclear bomb. The Vatican is
extremely reluctant to use it. Instead, it wants to put moral pressure on
bishops through the archbishops or the papal nuncio."

The new directive "will not bring any miracles," Reese said. "It's just some
tinkering with procedures."

Contact Faith Life editor Jim Remsen at 215-854-5621 or jremsen@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

University of Illinois plans outside probe of coach allegations -BYLN-
Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 155 words


University of Illinois plans outside probe of coach allegations

URBANA -- The University of Illinois now says it plans an independent
investigation of allegations that football coach Tim Beckman pressured an
injured player to play and that the player was misled about the extent of his
injuries.

Urbana-Champaign campus spokeswoman Robin Kaler said Wednesday that Chancellor
Phyllis Wise is deciding how that investigation will be conducted. Kaler says
that the investigation "likely will be some external organization that does this
sort of thing. Frequently it's law firms."

Wise did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

After former offensive lineman Simon Cvijanovic accused Beckman of mishandling
his injuries athletic director Mike Thomas initially said he and the chancellor
were talking about reviewing the allegations.

Kaler said information generated by the investigation probably will not be
released to the public.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tim Beckman Tim Beckman Associated Press Illinois football coach Tim
Beckman watches from the sidelines during the first half of the Heart of Dallas
Bowl in December. associated press file photo Illinois head coach Tim Beckman
watches from the sidelines during the first half of the Heart of Dallas Bowl in
Dallas. A national advocacy group for college football players says complaints
about Illinois coach Tim Beckman's handling of a former player's injuries should
be investigated by someone outside the university.associated press file photo
University of Illinois football player Simon Cvijanovic practices at Memorial
Stadium in Champaign. Cvijanovic used a long series of Twitter messages Sunday
May 10, 2015, to accuse coach Tim Beckman and some staff members of mishandling
an injury. (John Dixon/ The News-Gazette)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Security breaches differ at core

BYLINE: Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1566 words



HIGHLIGHT: Last week, after my column about how David Petraeus mishandled
classified information came out, a woman left an anonmuous voice mail message,
inferring that we here in the mainstream media are giving the former Secretary
of State now running for Presidenet a free pass. I'm here to say, not so much.
Hillary Clinton's creation of a private email server while Secretary of State,
which apparently contained emails of a classified nature, may well be arrogance
and ignorance of a Clintonian order, but from what is known so far, it is not
illegal, nor similar to what Petraeus copped to. There is no evidence, at least
so far, that Clinton knowingly gave classified information to someone who
shouldn't have had it. And then lied about it to the FBI.


Trying to save my soul tonight ... It's nobody's fault but mine

As someone who writes about the mishandling of classified material, I am often
asked to compare the cases of David Petraeus, the former director of the CIA,
and Hillary Clinton, the former secretary of state.

Last week, after my column about the continuing legacy of Petraeus' handling of
eight black books full of highly classified information, a woman left me an
anonymous voice mail message implying that I have given Clinton, a Democrat
running for president, a free pass for similar transgressions. Because, you
know, we are all liberal libtards.

So let me share the opinions of experts including a lawyer who deals in national
security law, an anti-secrecy watchdog and a couple of former CIA operations
officers.

But first, a note, given that this is silly season, just one day before the New
Hampshire presidential primary in what is an extremely tight race for the
Democratic nomination. And that the words Hillary and Clinton used in the same
sentence are bound to stir up strong feelings no matter one's political
leanings.

I can't vote in the March 15 Florida presidential primary because I belong to no
political party. I support no political candidates, make no political
contributions and in fact am quite thoroughly and unfortunately undecided about
who I will vote to be the next denizen of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.

I describe my own political persuasion as an Alacartocratican - a believer in
ideas, not ideology.

To answer the first part of the caller's presumption - that I haven't covered
the Clinton emailstrom - I plead guilty as charged. But not for the reason she
assumes.

David Petraeus served here in Tampa as the head of U.S. Central Command at
MacDill Air Force Base. His downfall was predicated by emails sent by his
biographer and paramour, Paula Broadwell, to Scott Kelley, an oncologist living
in Tampa, whose wife, Jill Kelley, reported them to the FBI as threatening. The
ensuing hijinks played out here, in Tampa.

The Clinton email saga, on the other hand, is an inside-the-Beltway storm,
though arguably with international ramifications. Red meat to her detractors and
a rallying point for her supporters, it has been exhaustively covered by the
Washington media, upon whom I rely for many of the details of that side of the
Petraeus-Clinton equation.

So let's get up to speed. As

we all know, as secretary of state, Clinton used a private email server.
According to her campaign, it was done as a matter of convenience, so she could
reach people quickly and keep in regular touch with her family and friends more
easily given her travel schedule. The server was discovered, according to the
Washington Post, when the House Select Committee on Benghazi sought her emails
at the time of the 2012 attacks and initially was told none could be found.

Well, they were found, and, instead of the email privacy Clinton might have
wanted, the FBI has launched an investigation and thousands of those have been
released thanks to Freedom of Information Act lawsuits (with more to come).
During that release process, the State Department, according to Politico,
designated more than 1,300 of Clinton's emails at the confidential level or
beyond, though Clinton and State say none were marked classified at the time.
Six of those have been flagged as 'secret,' a step below 'top secret.'

Then came a report, first by Fox and later by Politico and others, that
Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III told both the
Senate Intelligence and Senate Foreign Relations committees that intelligence
agencies found several dozen emails containing classified information determined
by the [intelligence community agency] to be at the confidential, secret, and
top secret/sap levels. According to the declarant, these documents contain
information derived from classified [intelligence community agency] sources.

From this point on, the best way to frame the discussion, in my mind, is through
the eyes of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas), who is seeking his party's presidential
nod.

They were comments made as the overblown story about Petraeus possibly being
demoted over his intel-mishandling actions chewed through several news cycles.
(Long story short, Petraeus wasn't demoted.)

That is a very, very serious allegation, Cruz said of the Inspector General's
statement, on Fox News late last month, according to The Hill news organization.
And I would note, Gen. Petraeus was criminally prosecuted. Right now, the Obama
Pentagon is trying to strip him of one of his stars for doing what appears on
the fact to be much, much less than Hillary Clinton did.

Just as he was wrong on carpet bombing the Sunni jihadis who call themselves
Islamic State, Cruz is wrong about the Clinton-Petraeus comparison, based on the
information known so far. At least according to the experts I consulted, who are
decidedly non-partisan.

As someone who often files FOIA and state Sunshine Act requests for emails, I
find Clinton's use of a private email server to be Clintonian hubris, arrogance
and ignorance of the highest order. Showing questionable judgment for someone
pining to lead the free world.

But did Petraeus do much, much less than Clinton?

Here's what Petraeus did, according to the document he signed last year when he
pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor count of mishandling classified information.
To wit, eight black books containing classified information about the identity
of covert officers, war strategy, intelligence capabilities and mechanisms,
diplomatic discussions, quotes, and deliberative discussions from high-level
National Security Council meetings, and Petraeus' discussions with President
Barack Obama.

Aside from giving the books, which he kept in an unsecured location, to
Broadwell, who also kept them in an unsecure location, Petraeus lied about it.
To the CIA and FBI. All while knowing he shouldn't have kept the books, given
them to his lover or lied to the FBI.

Clinton, on the other hand, had emails that in some cases, as I mentioned
earlier, contained classified information. Clinton has argued that none of the
emails were marked as classified. But being a Cabinet member with authority to
set classification levels, that's no real excuse for not knowing that the
information would have been considered classified.

Still, did Petraeus really do much, much less than Clinton?

Steven Aftergood, director of the Federation of American Scientists Project on
Government Secrecy, doesn't think so.

Petraeus disclosed classified information to an unauthorized person. Clinton did
not, he says. Petraeus lied to the FBI. Clinton did not. Petraeus pleaded
guilty. Clinton is not charged with a crime.

The fact that some of the emails were recently deemed to contain classified
information is interesting, says Aftergood, but it doesn't necessarily mean the
information was classified at the time it was sent. That is still uncertain, and
hard to judge from the outside. I don't see any criminal liability, or any
prospect of prosecution.Mark Zaid, a Washington, D.C., attorney who handles
national security cases, says that unlike the materials Petraeus had, the emails
on Clinton's server may have been overclassified. But even if they weren't, it
still remains to be seen whether it was her or her staff who placed the
classified information in the email chains.But like Aftergood, Zaid says there
is another huge difference between the two cases.

The lying to the FBI is a major, major, major factor, he says.

What Petraeus did was far worse, says Lora Griffith, a former senior CIA
operations officer, when you consider what he possessed.

He had detailed notebooks, not just chatter, in his unsecured possession, says
Griffith, adding that he compounded the problems by actively giving them to
someone, in this case Broadwell.

Of course, none of these folks are singing Clinton's praises either.

The home server she set up was a mistake in several respects, says Aftergood. It
may have created new security vulnerabilities, it interfered with normal records
management and FOIA practices, and it generated suspicion.

Yes, she was irresponsible, says Griffith. I don't think she intentionally put
sensitive information at risk, but I believe it was definitely a case of poor
judgment and that certainly doesn't seem very presidential.

Zaid does see some similarities between the Petraeus and Clinton cases.

There are major judgment issues with both, he says.

So while what we know of the situation so far doesn't seem to back up the Ted
Cruz contention that Petraeus did much, much less than Clinton, the former first
lady certainly doesn't come out of all this looking particularly brilliant. And
while she chalks it all up to a vast right-wing conspiracy, in this case I
suggest she give a listen to one of my favorite Led Zeppelin songs.

Nobody's Fault But Mine.

[#x2756] [#x2756] [#x2756]

The Pentagon announced no new deaths last week in its ongoing overseas
operations.

There have been 2,347 U.S. troop deaths in support of Operation Enduring Freedom
in Afghanistan, 21 U.S. troop deaths and one civilian Department of Defense
employee death in support of the follow-up Operation Freedom's Sentinel in
Afghanistan, and 11 troop deaths and one civilian death in support of Operation
Inherent Resolve.

haltman@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7629

Twitter: @haltman

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Department of State - Agency Wide: Security Specialist DS-2014-0396

LENGTH: 3230  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Security Specialist

Department:Department Of State

Agency:Department of State - Agency Wide

Job Announcement Number:DS-2014-0396
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, August 14, 2014 to Thursday, August 21, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0080-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Arlington, VA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Status Candidates, Noncompetitive, Reinstatement eligibles, ICTAP/CTAP
Eligibles, Eligible Veterans

"You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your
application package. Your application may not get full consideration if you do
not follow the instructions as outlined."

"More than one selection may be made from this announcement if additional
identical vacancies in the same title, series, grade and unit occur."
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Top Secret
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is also being announced through
competitive examining procedures under Announcement #DS-2014-0384. Candidates
who wish to be considered under both Public (US Citizens)
and Merit Promotion procedures must apply to both announcements.

This position is located in the Program Applications Division, Office of
Information Security, Senior Coordinator for Security Infrastructure, Bureau of
Diplomatic Security, Department of State (DOS). The Program Applications
Division is responsible for the development, coordination and implementation of
plans, policies and procedures necessary to safeguard Department of State
information assets including documents, information technology (IT) systems,
hardware and software, Communications Security (COMSEC) items, property,
equipment and other resources within the United States and world-wide.

The incumbent serves as a senior security specialist advising Assistant
Secretaries of assigned bureaus. This includes development, implementation and
maintenance of security related policy, to include classification guides,
Operations Security (OPSEC) programs, special access programs, vulnerability
assessments, formalized training on security and related issues; leading or
participating in the processing, investigation and adjudication of security
incidents occurring within DOS; including the mishandling of Sensitive
Compartmented Information (SCI), automated information systems incidents, COMSEC
insecurities and the mishandling of special access program material.
Additionally, develops, implements and maintains the Physical Security Lock
Programs for multiple DOS Bureaus; develop, implement and maintain the SCI
clearance programs for these Bureaus, and develop, implement and maintain the
Emergency Action Plan portfolios for the Bureaus.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Incumbent will be subject to random drug testing.
    U.S. Citizenship is required.
    Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret
    security clearance.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Ensures the proper safeguarding of National Security Information through
world-wide management and administration of the Department of State's (DOS)
Information Security Program; with a primary focus on all domestic and overseas
assets associated with multiple DOS Bureaus.

Develops, implements and maintains Department- wide policy/regulations
addressing the classification, handling and storage of classified and sensitive
but unclassified information; with a primary focus on all domestic and overseas
assets associated with multiple DOS Bureaus. Interprets and applies existing
security regulations and guidelines to develop or revise existing agency
guidance.

Participates in the development and implementation of classification guides for
the following DOS programs: construction, information technology, Operations
Security (OPSEC), special access programs, vulnerability assessment, and
security engineering technology.

Serves as the lead investigator or team-member in the conduct of comprehensive
and often times complex security surveys/inspections of DOS offices. Serves as
the lead investigator for all security incidents.

Develops and provides formal training on security and related issues to
employees and managers. Leads and participates in a comprehensive and ongoing
security awareness program designed to encourage employees to fulfill the
requirements of the Department's Information Security Program. Facilitates the
approval of inspections/surveys, construction and the unique maintenance of SCI
and/or Strong-room facilities.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all the required qualification requirements, including
education, and any selective placement factors described below by the closing
date of this announcement. Education may only be substituted in accordance with
the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards Handbook.
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the
U.S. Department of Education in order to be credited towards qualifications.

Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the
education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable
to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States.
It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Click on the
link for a list of accredited organizations recognized as specializing in
interpretation of foreign education credentials.

NOTE: Applicants must meet time-in-grade and time after competitive appointment
requirements, by the closing date of this announcement.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12
level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular
knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position.
Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

- Experience implementing security requirements for safeguarding national
security classified and sensitive information including: Operations Security
(OPSEC), Communications Security (COMSEC), Information Technology (IT) Systems
security, Privacy Act, Physical Security, Personnel Security, Sensitive
Compartmented Information, and other disciplines as they pertain to the
protection of classified and sensitive information.

- Experience working with principles related to emergency management and
planning; including Continuity of Operations and Continuity of Government.

- Experience dealing with subversive organizations and their methods of
operation.

- Experience performing in a liaison capacity with other offices and
organizations.

- Experience dealing with a physical security lock program as well as procedures
for combination changes.

- Experience demonstrating writing ability which may include policy materials,
reports, guides, etc.

- Experience which demonstrates effective oral communication.

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-13
position.

Time-In-Grade Requirements: Federal applicants must have served 52 weeks at the
next lower grade to satisfy time-in-grade restrictions contained in 5CFR 300,
Subpart F.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following knowledge, skills,
abilities (KSAs) and other characteristics that are relevant to the duties of
this position and must be fully supported by information in your resume:

- Knowledge of current security concepts encompassing a wide range of security
issues.

- Knowledge of the proper handling and storage of classified and sensitive
information.

- Knowledge of applicable statutes and authorities related to the security
field.

- Knowledge of state-of-the-art security practices, procedures, and systems.

Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must
highlight your most relevant and significant work experience(s) and education
(if applicable) as it relates to this job opportunity. In addition to describing
duties performed, your resume must provide the exact dates of each period of
employment (from month/year to month/year) and the number of hours worked per
week. Qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include
the required information. For assistance with creating a resume, please click
here.


Qualified candidates are assigned a score between 70 and 100. Agency Career
Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition Assistance
Program (ICTAP) candidates must be rated "Well Qualified" for the position and
earn a score of at least 85 (when applicants are rated in a range of 70 to 100)
to receive consideration for special priority.

If, after reviewing your resume and self-assessment questionnaire responses and
a determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and/or
experience, a score will be manually determined that reflects your documented
experience. This may result in a lower score, which may also eliminate you from
consideration for this position.

Applicants must meet all the qualification requirements and submit any required
supporting documentation by the closing date of this job opportunity. Applicants
found to be among the top qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring
official for further consideration and possible interview.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://careers.state.gov/work/benefits
The Department of State offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes,
in part, paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits,
and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. In addition to
these benefits, we also offer the Student Loan Repayment Program, Child Care
Centers, Child Care Subsidy, Flexible work schedule, Transit Subsidy Program.
For additional information on Federal benefits click here.

OTHER INFORMATION:
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER - Your Social Security Number is requested under the
authority of Executive Order 9397 to uniquely identify your records from those
of other applicants who may have the same name. As allowed by law or
Presidential directive, your Social Security Number is used to seek information
about you from employers, schools, banks, and others who may know you.

REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION - This agency provides reasonable accommodations to
applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any
part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Office of Employee
Relations, Disability/Reasonable Accommodations Division, at (202) 261-8163 or
reasonableaccommodations@state.gov The decision on granting reasonable
accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY: The United States Government does not discriminate
in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy
and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in
an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or
other non-merit factor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Please carefully read all the instructions before you begin the application
process.

To apply for this job opportunity, you must submit a resume and an on-line
application through the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) application
system, USAJOBS. This information will be transferred to the Department of
State's Gateway to State Automated Application System.

You have until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement to complete the following four-step application process:

STEP 1: Select the "Apply On-line" button and follow the instructions to
register or sign into USAJOBS.

STEP 2: Submit a detailed resume or any other written format you choose
documenting your job-related qualifications, experience, and education (if
applicable). Cover letter is optional. If you submit a cover letter, you must
also submit a resume. Please see the How You Will Be Evaluated section for
specific information that should be outlined in your resume.

STEP 3: Answer the job-specific self-assessment questions on-line through the
Gateway to State automated application system. These questions will be used to
evaluate your qualifications and experience for this job opportunity.

STEP 4: Submit all required documentation, applicable to you, listed in the
Required Documents section of this job opportunity to the Departments automated
application system "Gateway to State" prior to the closing date of this
announcement. For instructions on how to view the status of your supporting
documentation, please click here.

Technical assistance with your on-line application can be obtained by contacting
the Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com OR by calling (866) 656-6830 or (703)
269-4944 between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. ET

ALTERNATE APPLICATION PROCEDURES

NOTE: If applying online poses an extreme hardship, you may request alternate
application procedures to submit your application package by fax. Contact the
Human Resources office listed on the announcement between the business hours of
8:15 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET, at least two working days prior to the closing date
of this announcement. The application package for alternate application
procedures must be submitted and received in the Human Resources office no later
than 11:59 p.m. ET on the closing date of this announcement.

NOTE: Paper applications and information sent by mail WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be
submitted to our automated system "Gateway to State" by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time
(ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

1. Resume - your resume or any other written format you choose should contain
the required information as specified in the How You Will Be Evaluated section.
Insufficient information will result in an ineligible rating.

2. A completed online job specific self-assessment questionnaire through the
Departments automated system Gateway to State.

3. Transcripts - if you are qualifying based on education OR if there are
mandatory education requirements listed under the Qualifications and Evaluations
section, you MUST submit a copy of your college transcript(s) with your
application. If selected, an official/sealed college transcript(s) will be
required to verify education prior to employment.

4. Performance Appraisal - All current Federal employees and reinstatement
eligible applicants must submit a copy of your most recent completed annual
performance appraisal that includes the final rating. If a performance appraisal
does not exist, is incomplete or unavailable, a Form DS-1812 (Applicant
Appraisal) or equivalent form from another agency signed by the current
supervisor is acceptable. Mid-year progress reviews will not be accepted.

5. All current Federal employees and reinstatement eligible applicants must
submit an SF-50, Notification of Personnel Action, documenting proof of
competitive status, tenure, position, grade level and step.

6. All non-competitive eligible applicants must submit proof of eligibility
(i.e., SF-50 documenting the full performance level of a position held on a
permanent basis).

7. Veterans who are preference eligibles OR who have been separated from the
Armed Forces under honorable conditions (honorable or general discharge) after 3
or more years of continuous active service may apply under the Veterans
Employment Opportunities act (VEOA). You must submit a DD-214 Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member Copy 4 is preferable) showing the
dates you served as well as your type of discharge and qualifying service
campaign medals OR if you are still on active duty, you MUST submit a statement
of service from your command/unit, which states the date you entered active
duty, your expected discharge type and date, and the campaign medals you have
received that proves your military service was performed under honorable
conditions.

For Sole Survivorship preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 (Member
Copy 4 is preferable) or another form of official documentation which shows your
discharge or release from active duty occurred on or after August 29, 2008 and
was based on a sole survivorship discharge.

If you are claiming 10-point veterans' preference, in addition to the DD-214,
you must also submit a current version of the SF-15 (Application for 10-Point
Veteran Preference), dated October 2013, and the required supporting documents
listed on that form. Previous editions of the SF-15 will not be accepted. For
more information on veterans' preference see http://www.fedshirevets.gov.

If the appropriate information is not submitted to confirm the discharge status,
dates of service, etc., you will not be considered for this job opportunity as a
preference eligible. To gain access to your DD-214 online, please visit:
http://www.archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/get-service-records.ht
ml

Current Federal employees applying under the Veterans Employment Opportunities
Act (VEOA) must submit a qualifying SF-50 to show you meet time-in-grade
requirements.

For more information on Veteran Authorities, consult the Vet Guide at:
http://www.opm.gov/employ/veterans/html/vetguide.asp

8. If you are qualifying based on other criteria listed under the Qualification
Section of this announcement, you must submit the required supporting
documentation (certificates, certifications, etc.) with your application by the
closing date.

9. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation with
their application. See links below:

ICTAP Considerations
CTAP Considerations

10. If you are applying under a special hiring authority you MUST submit proof
of eligibility with your application. For information related to special hiring
authorities for veterans visit: http://www.fedshirevets.gov/job/shav/index.aspx.
For information related to special hiring authorities for severely disabled
persons visit: http://www.opm.gov/disability/PeopleWithDisabilities.asp

All documentation, applicable to you, must be submitted by the closing date of
this announcement. If the information you submit is insufficient to verify your
eligibility or you fail to submit any of the required documents, it will
disqualify you from being considered for this job opportunity.
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Marcia Ford
Phone: 571-345-2153
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: FordMW@state.gov
Agency Information:
U.S. Department of State
1801 N. Lynn St
SA-20 9th fl
Attn: DS/EX/HRM
Rosslyn, VA
22091
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
After all application packages have been received, we will review your resume to
ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. After we review and
evaluate all applications, the most highly qualified candidates will be referred
to the hiring manager for further consideration and possible interviews. After a
tentative job offer, we will conduct a suitability and or security background
investigation.

You will be notified up to four times during the hiring process:

1. Upon receipt of your application.
2. Upon minimum qualification determinations.
3. After the certificate is issued.
4. After final selection is made.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   September 19, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

Law and Order: The Justice Department; Defense Nominee Challenged on Deutch Case

David A. Vise , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 755 words


The powerful ripple effects of the Wen Ho Lee and John M. Deutch cases have made
their way from the Justice Department to the Pentagon, where a key senator is
convinced there was a coverup of Deutch's alleged mishandling of classified
materials when he served as deputy defense secretary in the early to mid-1990s.

Sen. Charles E. Grassley (R-Iowa) says acting Defense Inspector General Donald
Mancuso should not be confirmed by the Senate as IG and asks whether there is a
"double standard" at work.

While the Justice Department punished scientist Lee with a 59-count criminal
indictment and solitary confinement for nine months, neither Justice nor the
Defense Department has taken action against Deutch. The CIA did strip him of his
security clearances.

Grassley accuses Mancuso of failing to investigate Deutch soon enough and
aggressively enough for using unsecured computers at home, along with his
America Online account, making classified information about military operations
vulnerable to hackers. Although Deutch has admitted he was careless in his
handling of intelligence secrets as CIA director, internal defense documents
allege he also mishandled classified information about military operations at
the Pentagon.

"Mancuso abdicated his responsibility on two counts," Grassley told The
Washington Post. "First, he looked the other way when told that John Deutch may
have compromised Defense Department secrets. Second, a year and a half later, he
agreed to conduct a joint investigation with Defense Department lawyers instead
of conducting an independent investigation."

Not so, says Mancuso, whose nomination to be IG made it through various
congressional committees before being blocked by Grassley on the Senate floor.
Mancuso said he actively pursued allegations about Deutch and provided "support"
for the CIA IG's investigation.

"In 1998, the CIA asked for our assistance and support. After the CIA finished
its report [in February], the secretary of defense asked us to review the facts
of Dr. Deutch's tenure here and report back," Mancuso said in an interview.

Mancuso said he has briefed former Justice prosecutor Paul E. Coffey extensively
on Deutch's alleged sloppy handling of classified military data. After the
Justice Department initially declined to prosecute Deutch, Attorney General
Janet Reno drafted Coffey to examine whether criminal charges should be brought
against the former CIA chief.

Coffey--whose probe of Deutch's mishandling of intelligence secrets has been
expanded to include military data--has told Justice officials he believes
charges should be filed against Deutch, but Reno will make the final decision.
Mancuso said the defense secretary will decide whether to take any
administrative action against Deutch, who has returned to the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology as a professor.

"The ball is in Justice's court now," Mancuso said. Deutch's attorney, Terrence
O'Donnell, did not return a telephone call for comment.

Internal Defense Department documents allege that Deutch "egregiously"
mishandled secret intelligence and military information by creating documents
and journal entries on computers, floppy disks and memory cards at his home.

Grassley said internal DOD papers illustrate a reluctance to probe Deutch. One
1998 memo says the DOD general counsel's office "is upset that the CIA is
running amok in the Pentagon" investigating Deutch.

Another CIA memo says it appeared DOD was obstructing the Deutch probe and that
if the DOD general counsel's office was involved "every step of the way, it
would become a nightmare that would take forever to complete." An internal DOD
memo says one official "was the most ardent advocate for treating Deutch like
everyone else and was told to stand down by the front office."

Mancuso said there is no basis for Grassley's allegations that he gave Deutch a
free ride until he was forced to do otherwise. Mancuso also defended his
coordination with Pentagon lawyers, saying it had not compromised his probe. He
said the IG's job is to investigate the facts while the general counsel's job is
to gauge the damage to military secrets.

Grassley contends Mancuso's probe ought to have begun several years ago and not
delayed until the CIA released its study in February. By delaying, Grassley
said, a "damage assessment" began too late.

Mancuso replied: "What Senator Grassley doesn't know is that Justice has been
dealing with DOD and the CIA on an almost daily basis."



LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Department of State - Agency Wide: Security Specialist DS-2014-0384

LENGTH: 3074  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Security Specialist

Department:Department Of State

Agency:Department of State - Agency Wide

Job Announcement Number:DS-2014-0384
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, August 14, 2014 to Thursday, August 21, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0080-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Arlington, VA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Open to all U.S. citizens


"You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your
application package. Your application may not get full consideration if you do
not follow the instructions as outlined."


"More than one selection may be made from this announcement if additional
identical vacancies in the same title, series, grade and unit occur."
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Top Secret
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is also being announced through Merit Promotion procedures under
Announcement # DS-2014-0396. Candidates who wish to be considered under both
Public (US Citizens) and Merit Promotion procedures must apply to both
announcements.

This position is located in the Program Applications Division, Office of
Information Security, Senior Coordinator for Security Infrastructure, Bureau of
Diplomatic Security, Department of State (DOS). The Program Applications
Division is responsible for the development, coordination and implementation of
plans, policies and procedures necessary to safeguard Department of State
information assets including documents, information technology (IT) systems,
hardware and software, Communications Security (COMSEC) items, property,
equipment and other resources within the United States and world-wide.

The incumbent serves as a senior security specialist advising Assistant
Secretaries of assigned bureaus. This includes development, implementation and
maintenance of security related policy, to include classification guides,
Operations Security (OPSEC) programs, special access programs, vulnerability
assessments, formalized training on security and related issues; leading or
participating in the processing, investigation and adjudication of security
incidents occurring within DOS; including the mishandling of Sensitive
Compartmented Information (SCI), automated information systems incidents, COMSEC
insecurities and the mishandling of special access program material.
Additionally, develops, implements and maintains the Physical Security Lock
Programs for multiple DOS Bureaus; develop, implement and maintain the SCI
clearance programs for these Bureaus, and develop, implement and maintain the
Emergency Action Plan portfolios for the Bureaus.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Incumbent will be subject to random drug testing.
    U.S. Citizenship is required.
    One year probationary period, unless excepted by regulation.
    Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret
    security clearance.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Ensures the proper safeguarding of National Security Information through
world-wide management and administration of the Department of State's (DOS)
Information Security Program; with a primary focus on all domestic and overseas
assets associated with multiple DOS Bureaus.

Develops, implements and maintains Department- wide policy/regulations
addressing the classification, handling and storage of classified and sensitive
but unclassified information; with a primary focus on all domestic and overseas
assets associated with multiple DOS Bureaus. Interprets and applies existing
security regulations and guidelines to develop or revise existing agency
guidance.

Participates in the development and implementation of classification guides for
the following DOS programs: construction, information technology, Operations
Security (OPSEC), special access programs, vulnerability assessment, and
security engineering technology.

Serves as the lead investigator or team-member in the conduct of comprehensive
and often times complex security surveys/inspections of DOS offices. Serves as
the lead investigator for all security incidents.

Develops and provides formal training on security and related issues to
employees and managers. Leads and participates in a comprehensive and ongoing
security awareness program designed to encourage employees to fulfill the
requirements of the Department's Information Security Program. Facilitates the
approval of inspections/surveys, construction and the unique maintenance of SCI
and/or Strong-room facilities.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all the required qualification requirements, including
education and any selective placement factors described below by the closing
date of this announcement. Education may only be substituted in accordance with
the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards Handbook.
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the
U.S. Department of Education in order to be credited towards qualifications.

Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the
education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable
to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States.
It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Click on the
link for a list of accredited organizations recognized as specializing in
interpretation of foreign education credentials.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12
level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular
knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position.
Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

- Experience implementing security requirements for safeguarding national
security classified and sensitive information including: Operations Security
(OPSEC), Communications Security (COMSEC), Information Technology (IT) Systems
security, Privacy Act, Physical Security, Personnel Security, Sensitive
Compartmented Information, and other disciplines as they pertain to the
protection of classified and sensitive information.

- Experience working with principles related to emergency management and
planning; including Continuity of Operations and Continuity of Government.

- Experience dealing with subversive organizations and their methods of
operation.

- Experience performing in a liaison capacity with other offices and
organizations.

- Experience dealing with a physical security lock program as well as procedures
for combination changes.

- Experience demonstrating writing ability which may include policy materials,
reports, guides, etc.

- Experience which demonstrates effective oral communication.

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-13
position.

.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application will be evaluated and rated under the Category Rating and
Selection procedures. Based on your responses to the job-specific
self-assessment questions, eligible candidates are placed for selection
consideration into one of three pre-defined quality categories as described
below:

Highly-qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications for
the position, candidates must fully demonstrate proficiency in all major aspects
of the position.

Well Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications,
candidates must demonstrate proficiency in some, but not all of the major
aspects of the position.

Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, applicants
must demonstrate a basic level of knowledge, skill and ability of the position.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following knowledge, skills,
abilities (KSAs) and other characteristics that are relevant to the duties of
this position and must be fully supported by information in your resume:

- Knowledge of current security concepts encompassing a wide range of security
issues.

- Knowledge of the proper handling and storage of classified and sensitive
information.

- Knowledge of applicable statutes and authorities related to the security
field.

- Knowledge of state-of-the-art security practices, procedures, and systems.

Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must
highlight your most relevant and significant work experience(s) and education
(if applicable) as it relates to this job opportunity. In addition to describing
duties performed, your resume must provide the exact dates of each period of
employment (from month/year to month/year) and the number of hours worked per
week. Qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include
the required information. For assistance with creating a resume, please click
here.

Application of Veterans Preference: The Category Rating Method does not add
veterans' preference points or apply the "rule of three," but protects the
rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each
pre-defined quality category. Preference eligibles who meet minimum
qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected
disability of at least 10 percent (i.e., CPS and CP) must be listed in the
highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or
professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency Career
Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) candidates must be rated "Well Qualified"
for the position to receive consideration for special priority.

Applicants must meet all the qualification requirements and submit any required
supporting documentation by the closing date of this announcement. Applicants
found to be among the top qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring
official for further consideration and possible interview.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://careers.state.gov/work/benefits
The Department of State offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes,
in part, paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits,
and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. In addition to
these benefits, we also offer the Student Loan Repayment Program, Child Care
Centers, Child Care Subsidy, Flexible work schedule, Transit Subsidy Program.
For additional information on Federal benefits click here.

OTHER INFORMATION:
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER - Your Social Security Number is requested under the
authority of Executive Order 9397 to uniquely identify your records from those
of other applicants who may have the same name. As allowed by law or
Presidential directive, your Social Security Number is used to seek information
about you from employers, schools, banks, and others who may know you.

SELECTIVE SERVICE - If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959,
you must certify at the time of appointment that you have registered with the
Selective Service System, or are exempt from having to do so under Selective
Service law.

REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION - This agency provides reasonable accommodations to
applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any
part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Office of Employee
Relations, Disability/Reasonable Accommodations Division, at (202) 261-8163 or
reasonableaccommodations@state.gov The decision on granting reasonable
accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY - The United States Government does not
discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in
an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or
other non-merit factor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Please carefully read all the instructions before you begin the application
process.

To apply for this job opportunity, you must submit a resume and an on-line
application through the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) application
system, USAJOBS. This information will be transferred to the Department of
State's Gateway to State Automated Application System.

You have until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement to complete the following four-step application process:

STEP 1: Select the "Apply On-line" button and follow the instructions to
register or sign into USAJOBS.

STEP 2: Submit a detailed resume or any other written format you choose
documenting your job-related qualifications, experience, and education (if
applicable). Cover letter is optional. If you submit a cover letter, you must
also submit a resume. Please see the How You Will Be Evaluated section for
specific information that should be outlined in your resume.

STEP 3: Answer the job-specific self-assessment questions on-line through the
Gateway to State automated application system. These questions will be used to
evaluate your qualifications and experience for this job opportunity.

STEP 4: Submit all required documentation, applicable to you, listed in the
Required Documents section of this job opportunity to the Departments automated
application system "Gateway to State" prior to the closing date of this
announcement. For instructions on how to view the status of your supporting
documentation, please click here.

Technical assistance with your on-line application can be obtained by contacting
the Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com OR by calling (866) 656-6830 or (703)
269-4944 between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. ET

ALTERNATE APPLICATION PROCEDURES

NOTE: If applying online poses an extreme hardship, you may request alternate
application procedures to submit your application package by fax. Contact the
Human Resources office listed on the announcement between the business hours of
8:15 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET, at least two working days prior to the closing date
of this announcement. The application package for alternate application
procedures must be submitted and received in the Human Resources office no later
than 11:59 p.m. ET on the closing date of this announcement.

NOTE: Paper applications and information sent by mail WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be
submitted to our automated system "Gateway to State" by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time
(ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

1. Resume - your resume or any other written format you choose should contain
the required information as specified in the How You Will Be Evaluated section.
Insufficient information will result in an ineligible rating.

2. A completed online job specific self-assessment questionnaire through the
Departments automated system Gateway to State.

3. Transcripts - if you are qualifying based on education OR if there are
mandatory education requirements listed under the Qualifications and Evaluations
section, you MUST submit a copy of your college transcript(s) with your
application. If selected, an official/sealed college transcript(s) will be
required to verify education prior to employment.

4. Veterans Preference - If claiming veterans preference, you must indicate the
type of veteran's preference you are claiming on your resume.

For 5-point veterans preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214
Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member Copy 4 is
preferable) which must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty. If
you are currently on active duty, you must provide an official statement of
service from your command/unit which states the date you entered active duty,
expected discharge type and date, and campaign medals you have received OR other
official documentation (e.g., documentation of receipt of a campaign badge or
expeditionary medal) that proves your military service was performed under
honorable conditions. If the appropriate information is not submitted to confirm
your discharge status, dates of service, etc., you will not receive credit for
the claimed active duty military service.

For 10-point veteran's preference, you must submit a current version of the
SF-15 (Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference), dated October 2013, and any
documentation required by this form to support your claim. Previous editions of
the SF-15 will not be accepted. If we cannot verify your 10-point preference
status, you will receive 5-point preference if veterans' preference requirements
have been met. For further information regarding Veterans, click here.

For Sole Survivorship preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 (Member
Copy 4 is preferable) or another form of official documentation which shows your
discharge or release from active duty occurred on or after August 29, 2008 and
was based on a sole survivorship discharge.

To gain access to your DD214 online, please visit:
http://www.archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/get-service-records.ht
ml

5. If you are qualifying based on other criteria listed under the Qualification
Section of this announcement, you MUST submit the required supporting
documentation (certificates, certifications, etc.) with your application.

6. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation with
their application. See links below:

ICTAP Considerations
CTAP Considerations
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Marcia Ford
Phone: 571-345-2153
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: FordMW@state.gov
Agency Information:
U.S. Department of State
1801 N. Lynn St
SA-20 9th fl
Attn: DS/EX/HRM
Rosslyn, VA
22091
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
After all application packages have been received, we will review your resume to
ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. After we review and
evaluate all applications, the most highly qualified candidates will be referred
to the hiring manager for further consideration and possible interviews. After a
tentative job offer, we will conduct a suitability and or security background
investigation.

You will be notified up to four times during the hiring process:

1. Upon receipt of your application.
2. Upon minimum qualification determinations.
3. After the certificate is issued.
4. After final selection is made.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Department of State - Agency Wide: Security Specialist DS-2014-0384

LENGTH: 3074  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Security Specialist

Department:Department Of State

Agency:Department of State - Agency Wide

Job Announcement Number:DS-2014-0384
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Thursday, August 14, 2014 to Thursday, August 21, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0080-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Arlington, VA View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Open to all U.S. citizens


"You are encouraged to read the entire announcement before you submit your
application package. Your application may not get full consideration if you do
not follow the instructions as outlined."


"More than one selection may be made from this announcement if additional
identical vacancies in the same title, series, grade and unit occur."
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Top Secret
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

About the Agency

This position is also being announced through Merit Promotion procedures under
Announcement # DS-2014-0396. Candidates who wish to be considered under both
Public (US Citizens) and Merit Promotion procedures must apply to both
announcements.

This position is located in the Program Applications Division, Office of
Information Security, Senior Coordinator for Security Infrastructure, Bureau of
Diplomatic Security, Department of State (DOS). The Program Applications
Division is responsible for the development, coordination and implementation of
plans, policies and procedures necessary to safeguard Department of State
information assets including documents, information technology (IT) systems,
hardware and software, Communications Security (COMSEC) items, property,
equipment and other resources within the United States and world-wide.

The incumbent serves as a senior security specialist advising Assistant
Secretaries of assigned bureaus. This includes development, implementation and
maintenance of security related policy, to include classification guides,
Operations Security (OPSEC) programs, special access programs, vulnerability
assessments, formalized training on security and related issues; leading or
participating in the processing, investigation and adjudication of security
incidents occurring within DOS; including the mishandling of Sensitive
Compartmented Information (SCI), automated information systems incidents, COMSEC
insecurities and the mishandling of special access program material.
Additionally, develops, implements and maintains the Physical Security Lock
Programs for multiple DOS Bureaus; develop, implement and maintain the SCI
clearance programs for these Bureaus, and develop, implement and maintain the
Emergency Action Plan portfolios for the Bureaus.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Not Required

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

Incumbent will be subject to random drug testing.
    U.S. Citizenship is required.
    One year probationary period, unless excepted by regulation.
    Must be able to obtain and maintain a Top Secret
    security clearance.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Ensures the proper safeguarding of National Security Information through
world-wide management and administration of the Department of State's (DOS)
Information Security Program; with a primary focus on all domestic and overseas
assets associated with multiple DOS Bureaus.

Develops, implements and maintains Department- wide policy/regulations
addressing the classification, handling and storage of classified and sensitive
but unclassified information; with a primary focus on all domestic and overseas
assets associated with multiple DOS Bureaus. Interprets and applies existing
security regulations and guidelines to develop or revise existing agency
guidance.

Participates in the development and implementation of classification guides for
the following DOS programs: construction, information technology, Operations
Security (OPSEC), special access programs, vulnerability assessment, and
security engineering technology.

Serves as the lead investigator or team-member in the conduct of comprehensive
and often times complex security surveys/inspections of DOS offices. Serves as
the lead investigator for all security incidents.

Develops and provides formal training on security and related issues to
employees and managers. Leads and participates in a comprehensive and ongoing
security awareness program designed to encourage employees to fulfill the
requirements of the Department's Information Security Program. Facilitates the
approval of inspections/surveys, construction and the unique maintenance of SCI
and/or Strong-room facilities.
QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all the required qualification requirements, including
education and any selective placement factors described below by the closing
date of this announcement. Education may only be substituted in accordance with
the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards Handbook.
Education must be accredited by an accrediting institution recognized by the
U.S. Department of Education in order to be credited towards qualifications.

Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the
education requirements if you can show that the foreign education is comparable
to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States.
It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying. Click on the
link for a list of accredited organizations recognized as specializing in
interpretation of foreign education credentials.

Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS-12
level in the Federal service which provided the applicant with the particular
knowledge, skills and abilities to perform the duties of the position.
Qualifying specialized experience must demonstrate the following:

- Experience implementing security requirements for safeguarding national
security classified and sensitive information including: Operations Security
(OPSEC), Communications Security (COMSEC), Information Technology (IT) Systems
security, Privacy Act, Physical Security, Personnel Security, Sensitive
Compartmented Information, and other disciplines as they pertain to the
protection of classified and sensitive information.

- Experience working with principles related to emergency management and
planning; including Continuity of Operations and Continuity of Government.

- Experience dealing with subversive organizations and their methods of
operation.

- Experience performing in a liaison capacity with other offices and
organizations.

- Experience dealing with a physical security lock program as well as procedures
for combination changes.

- Experience demonstrating writing ability which may include policy materials,
reports, guides, etc.

- Experience which demonstrates effective oral communication.

There is no substitute of education for specialized experience for the GS-13
position.

.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

Your application will be evaluated and rated under the Category Rating and
Selection procedures. Based on your responses to the job-specific
self-assessment questions, eligible candidates are placed for selection
consideration into one of three pre-defined quality categories as described
below:

Highly-qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications for
the position, candidates must fully demonstrate proficiency in all major aspects
of the position.

Well Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications,
candidates must demonstrate proficiency in some, but not all of the major
aspects of the position.

Qualified Category - In addition to meeting minimum qualifications, applicants
must demonstrate a basic level of knowledge, skill and ability of the position.

Your qualifications will be evaluated on the following knowledge, skills,
abilities (KSAs) and other characteristics that are relevant to the duties of
this position and must be fully supported by information in your resume:

- Knowledge of current security concepts encompassing a wide range of security
issues.

- Knowledge of the proper handling and storage of classified and sensitive
information.

- Knowledge of applicable statutes and authorities related to the security
field.

- Knowledge of state-of-the-art security practices, procedures, and systems.

Your resume serves as the basis for qualification determinations and must
highlight your most relevant and significant work experience(s) and education
(if applicable) as it relates to this job opportunity. In addition to describing
duties performed, your resume must provide the exact dates of each period of
employment (from month/year to month/year) and the number of hours worked per
week. Qualification determinations cannot be made when resumes do not include
the required information. For assistance with creating a resume, please click
here.

Application of Veterans Preference: The Category Rating Method does not add
veterans' preference points or apply the "rule of three," but protects the
rights of veterans by placing them ahead of non-preference eligibles within each
pre-defined quality category. Preference eligibles who meet minimum
qualification requirements and who have a compensable service-connected
disability of at least 10 percent (i.e., CPS and CP) must be listed in the
highest quality category, except when the position being filled is scientific or
professional at the GS-09 grade level or higher.

Agency Career Transition Assistance Program (CTAP) or Interagency Career
Transition Assistance Program (ICTAP) candidates must be rated "Well Qualified"
for the position to receive consideration for special priority.

Applicants must meet all the qualification requirements and submit any required
supporting documentation by the closing date of this announcement. Applicants
found to be among the top qualified candidates will be referred to the hiring
official for further consideration and possible interview.
To preview questions please click here.
BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at: http://careers.state.gov/work/benefits
The Department of State offers a comprehensive benefits package that includes,
in part, paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, life insurance, health benefits,
and participation in the Federal Employees Retirement System. In addition to
these benefits, we also offer the Student Loan Repayment Program, Child Care
Centers, Child Care Subsidy, Flexible work schedule, Transit Subsidy Program.
For additional information on Federal benefits click here.

OTHER INFORMATION:
SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER - Your Social Security Number is requested under the
authority of Executive Order 9397 to uniquely identify your records from those
of other applicants who may have the same name. As allowed by law or
Presidential directive, your Social Security Number is used to seek information
about you from employers, schools, banks, and others who may know you.

SELECTIVE SERVICE - If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959,
you must certify at the time of appointment that you have registered with the
Selective Service System, or are exempt from having to do so under Selective
Service law.

REASONABLE ACCOMMODATION - This agency provides reasonable accommodations to
applicants with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation for any
part of the application and hiring process, please notify the Office of Employee
Relations, Disability/Reasonable Accommodations Division, at (202) 261-8163 or
reasonableaccommodations@state.gov The decision on granting reasonable
accommodation will be on a case-by-case basis.

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY - The United States Government does not
discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including
pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in
an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or
other non-merit factor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top
Please carefully read all the instructions before you begin the application
process.

To apply for this job opportunity, you must submit a resume and an on-line
application through the Office of Personnel Management's (OPM) application
system, USAJOBS. This information will be transferred to the Department of
State's Gateway to State Automated Application System.

You have until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement to complete the following four-step application process:

STEP 1: Select the "Apply On-line" button and follow the instructions to
register or sign into USAJOBS.

STEP 2: Submit a detailed resume or any other written format you choose
documenting your job-related qualifications, experience, and education (if
applicable). Cover letter is optional. If you submit a cover letter, you must
also submit a resume. Please see the How You Will Be Evaluated section for
specific information that should be outlined in your resume.

STEP 3: Answer the job-specific self-assessment questions on-line through the
Gateway to State automated application system. These questions will be used to
evaluate your qualifications and experience for this job opportunity.

STEP 4: Submit all required documentation, applicable to you, listed in the
Required Documents section of this job opportunity to the Departments automated
application system "Gateway to State" prior to the closing date of this
announcement. For instructions on how to view the status of your supporting
documentation, please click here.

Technical assistance with your on-line application can be obtained by contacting
the Help Desk at mgshelp@monster.com OR by calling (866) 656-6830 or (703)
269-4944 between the hours of 7:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. ET

ALTERNATE APPLICATION PROCEDURES

NOTE: If applying online poses an extreme hardship, you may request alternate
application procedures to submit your application package by fax. Contact the
Human Resources office listed on the announcement between the business hours of
8:15 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. ET, at least two working days prior to the closing date
of this announcement. The application package for alternate application
procedures must be submitted and received in the Human Resources office no later
than 11:59 p.m. ET on the closing date of this announcement.

NOTE: Paper applications and information sent by mail WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED.

REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:
All required documents listed below, that are applicable to you, must be
submitted to our automated system "Gateway to State" by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time
(ET) on the closing date of this announcement.

1. Resume - your resume or any other written format you choose should contain
the required information as specified in the How You Will Be Evaluated section.
Insufficient information will result in an ineligible rating.

2. A completed online job specific self-assessment questionnaire through the
Departments automated system Gateway to State.

3. Transcripts - if you are qualifying based on education OR if there are
mandatory education requirements listed under the Qualifications and Evaluations
section, you MUST submit a copy of your college transcript(s) with your
application. If selected, an official/sealed college transcript(s) will be
required to verify education prior to employment.

4. Veterans Preference - If claiming veterans preference, you must indicate the
type of veteran's preference you are claiming on your resume.

For 5-point veterans preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214
Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (Member Copy 4 is
preferable) which must show the type of discharge and dates of active duty. If
you are currently on active duty, you must provide an official statement of
service from your command/unit which states the date you entered active duty,
expected discharge type and date, and campaign medals you have received OR other
official documentation (e.g., documentation of receipt of a campaign badge or
expeditionary medal) that proves your military service was performed under
honorable conditions. If the appropriate information is not submitted to confirm
your discharge status, dates of service, etc., you will not receive credit for
the claimed active duty military service.

For 10-point veteran's preference, you must submit a current version of the
SF-15 (Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference), dated October 2013, and any
documentation required by this form to support your claim. Previous editions of
the SF-15 will not be accepted. If we cannot verify your 10-point preference
status, you will receive 5-point preference if veterans' preference requirements
have been met. For further information regarding Veterans, click here.

For Sole Survivorship preference, you must provide a copy of your DD-214 (Member
Copy 4 is preferable) or another form of official documentation which shows your
discharge or release from active duty occurred on or after August 29, 2008 and
was based on a sole survivorship discharge.

To gain access to your DD214 online, please visit:
http://www.archives.gov/veterans/military-service-records/get-service-records.ht
ml

5. If you are qualifying based on other criteria listed under the Qualification
Section of this announcement, you MUST submit the required supporting
documentation (certificates, certifications, etc.) with your application.

6. CTAP/ICTAP eligibles must submit a copy of the appropriate documentation with
their application. See links below:

ICTAP Considerations
CTAP Considerations
AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Marcia Ford
Phone: 571-345-2153
Fax: 000-000-0000
Email: FordMW@state.gov
Agency Information:
U.S. Department of State
1801 N. Lynn St
SA-20 9th fl
Attn: DS/EX/HRM
Rosslyn, VA
22091
US
Fax: 000-000-0000
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
After all application packages have been received, we will review your resume to
ensure you meet the basic qualification requirements. After we review and
evaluate all applications, the most highly qualified candidates will be referred
to the hiring manager for further consideration and possible interviews. After a
tentative job offer, we will conduct a suitability and or security background
investigation.

You will be notified up to four times during the hiring process:

1. Upon receipt of your application.
2. Upon minimum qualification determinations.
3. After the certificate is issued.
4. After final selection is made.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Swiss Bank Wins Court Reversal In Telex Case

                            April 27, 1982, Tuesday

By ROBERT TRIGAUX

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A United States appeals court has overturned a lower-court decision last fall
that found Swiss Bank Corp. liable for $2.1 million.

It was alleged that the Swiss firm mishandled a telex wire transfer involved in
an international business transaction for a Chicago business.

The court reversal illustrates the legal ambiguity surrounding the extent to
which a bank is liable for failure to make a transfer of funds when requested by
wire to do so.

More importantly, it also highlights the high-dollar stakes banks and
corporations can face when transacting business by the increasingly popular
medium of electronic communications.

Basis of Lower-Court Finding

On March 19, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Northern
Illinois reversed a lower-court decision. The lower court held that Swiss Bank
Corp. of Basle, Switzerland, should be held liable for failing to make timely an
international funds transfer by telex.

Last fall, in this same case of Evra Corp. formerly Hyman-Michaels Co. vs. Swiss
Bank Corp. (nos. 81-1925, 81-1926), Swiss Bank had been ordered to pay the
Illinois company over $2.1 million in damages caused by the bank's alleged
mishandling of a $27,000 telexed wire transfer in 1973.

The lower court found that Swiss Bank either lost the telex transfer order
message or failed to have paper in its machine at the time the message was being
received, in which case no actual copy of the message would have been created.

As a result of the mishandled telex, Hyman-Michaels -- a Chicago dealer in scrap
metal -- lost the use of a transport ship chartered at very favorable rates.

Based on these findings, the essential holdings of the federal court decision
last fall were:

* That Illinois law governed even though the actual mishandling of the transfer
occurred in Switzerland.

* Although Swiss Bank had no direct contractual relationship with
Hyman-Michaels, it had the same legal duty to Hyman-Michaels as had Continental
Illinois National Bank & Trust Co., the firm's Chicago bank.

* That notice on the back of a payment advice to Hyman-Michaels explicitly
limiting the liability of Continental Illinois and its correspondents for wire
transfers was a confirmation rather than an agreement and was, therefore,
ineffective.

* Because the plaintiff used a wire transfer instead of a mailed check, Swiss
Bank should have foreseen that damages could have been extreme if the transfer
was not timely and properly executed.

Why Decision Was Reversed

According to appeals-court documents, when a bank fails to make a requested
transfer of funds, this can cause two kinds of loss. First, the funds themselves
or interest on them may be lost. The fee paid for the transfer, as well, becomes
a loss item. Second, loss can result from a dislocation in a firm's business
triggered by the failure to pay.

Swiss Bank's failure to transfer funds when requested to do so by Continental
Illinois set off a chain reaction which resulted in a cancellation of
significant business to Hyman-Michaels.

In its reversal, the appeals court found that Swiss Bank -- simply by receiving
a telex request for funds transfer -- did not know of the potential effects of
late payment and business cancellation associated with the transaction.

''Electronic funds transfers are not so unusual as to automatically place a bank
on notice of extraordinary consequences if such a transfer goes awry,'' the
court stated. ''Swiss Bank did not have enough information to infer that if it
lost a $27,000 payment order, it would face a liability in excess of $2
million.''

The court cited imprudence on the part of Hyman-Michaels in failing to pursue
adequately its payment needs once it realized the funds had not been transferred
as requested.

''This is not to condone the sloppy handling of incoming telex messages in Swiss
Bank's foreign department,'' the appeals court noted. Nevertheless, the court
considered Hyman-Michaels ''a sophisticated business enterprise'' that should
have known that ''even the Swiss are not infallible''; that messages sometimes
get lost or delayed in transit among three banks (two of them located 5,000
miles apart), even when all the banks are using reasonable care; and that,
therefore, it should take its own precautions against the consequences.

The court suggested that it was virtually impossible for Swiss Bank to determine
its potential liability for consequential damages from failing to carry out
payment orders in a timely fashion.

''To estimate the extent of its probable liability in order to know how many,
and how elaborate, fail-safe features to install in its telex rooms or how much
insurance to buy against inevitable failures, Swiss Bank would have to collect
reams of information about firms that are not even its regular customers.''

Swiss Bank had no direct banking relationship with Hyman-Michaels.

''In short,'' the appeals court concluded, ''Swiss Bank was not required in the
absence of a contractual undertaking to take precautions or insure against a
harm that it could not measure, but that was known with precision by
Hyman-Michaels, which could by the exercise of common prudence have averted it
completely.''

SECTION: EARNINGS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 873 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 10, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Utility Defends Safety Of Its Nuclear Plants

BYLINE: By ANDREW C. REVKIN

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 36;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1136 words


In response to a series of sharp rebukes recently from Federal regulators for
problems at its four Connecticut nuclear power plants, Northeast Utilities said
yesterday that the plants were safe and a newly reshaped management would insure
that errors would not be repeated.

While the Nuclear Regulatory Commission did not suggest that the plants posed an
immediate safety threat, it announced on Friday that the utility had to answer
questions about safety systems at two plants within 30 days or face having them
shut down. The commission, which regulates the nation's 109 licensed nuclear
power plants, found the potential for problems, mostly in rec-ordkeeping and
procedures, at the Connecticut Yankee plant in Haddam Neck and at Millstone 3,
the newest of three reactors at a power station in Waterford, just outside New
London.

The commission also said on Friday that Millstone 2, a reactor that the utility
voluntarily shut down last month to examine an emergency cooling system, could
not restart until a thorough analysis of the system was completed.

The oldest reactor in the Waterford complex, Millstone 1, had already been under
investigation for months for mishandling fuel rods, whose radioactivity produces
heat and drives generators. That plant has been shut down since November.

Ted C. Feigenbaum, executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of
Northeast Utilities, said yesterday that all the reactors were safe. "We've set
a different culture based on conservative decision making," he said

But in January, the Millstone reactors were added to the regulatory commission's
"watch list" of troubled plants -- a distinction shared only by two plants in
Illinois and the New York Power Authority's Indian Point 3 plant, a
trouble-plagued reactor on the Hudson River 35 miles north of Manhattan.

Indian Point 3 is now just emerging from a three-year rebuilding process, and a
six-month shutdown is slated to end in the next few days, according to Power
Authority officials. But Northeast Utilities, New England's largest power
producer, is just beginning what promises to be a long and expensive process.
Perhaps the most difficult challenge for the company, which is based in Berlin,
Conn., and also runs a nuclear plant in Seabrook, N.H., is to rebuild shattered
public confidence.

The Millstone reactors were added to the Federal watch list on Jan. 31, one day
before Mr. Feigenbaum took over at Northeast. "We had just put our new
organization in place," he said. "We were in the process of turning it around,
bringing in new people. It's unfortunate that this has hit us at this point."

Company executives and other nuclear-power executives said they believed that
some of the vigor of the commission's actions against Northeast Utilities --
including the high-profile news conference Friday by the commission's
chairwoman, Dr. Shirley Ann Jackson -- was not so much aimed at new problems but
seemed to be a response to a recent wave of criticism of the commission's lack
of vigilance itself.

The criticism reached a peak with a March 4 cover article in Time magazine that
focused on George Galatis, a senior nuclear engineer with Northeast Utilities,
who gave an account of the close relationship between Federal regulators and
Northeast Utilities and who blew the whistle on mishandling of fuel rods.

One of the nuclear industry's most fervent champions of safety, S. David
Freeman, the former president of the Power Authority, said that some of the
criticism of both the commission and Northeast Utilities was overblown. "It's my
impression, having observed this for a long time, that the N.R.C. has grown much
more vigilant," he said. "The inspectors in the plant live under a kind of peer
pressure to be approving, but they do blow the whistle and make a lot of
constructive criticism. It's a tough balancing act."

Mr. Feigenbaum, the utility head, said he was certainly not happy that the
Millstone plants had been added to the infamous list, but he added that there
was some good news. "There have been about 20 plants on the watch list over the
last 10 years," he said. "And as those plants have come off the list, they've
become some of the best-performing plants in the country."

Many of the managers who were in place when the troubles began last summer have
left the utility, he said, and a team of top executives has been created to
oversee safety and conformity to regulations at all the plants. He said many
managers in the past had come from strictly engineering backgrounds. "Excellent
technical people don't always have the skills to be sensitive to employee
concerns," he said.

The current wave of scrutiny of the utility began last August, when Mr. Galatis
first publicly revealed that the removal of spent fuel rods from the core of the
25-year-old Millstone 1 reactor was done in a way that was at odds with
procedures specified in that reactor's license.

In a public request to the N.R.C. to deny the utility's request for an amendment
to its license -- after two years, he said, of futile attempts to have the
matter investigated -- Mr. Galatis documented several problems. While the
utility's license called for old fuel rods to be moved to a cooling pool a third
at a time, for 20 years managers had moved all the rods at once. Such a method
could theoretically overheat the storage pool, releasing radioactive steam or,
in a worst-case scenario, lead to a meltdown. The practice, however, is widely
perceived as risk-free in the nuclear industry.

Mr. Galatis also contended that the commission's on-site inspectors had known of
the inconsistency between operation and requirements at the plant for many years
but had allowed the practice to continue.

In addition, the plant's license called for a 250-hour wait once the nuclear
reaction stopped before removing spent fuel rods, but sometimes the rods were
moved as soon as 65 hours, according to company documents made public by Mr.
Galatis. Ultimately, the commission determined that the practice was not
dangerous and allowed Millstone 1 operators to do what they had been doing all
along. But the chronic skirting of required procedures and a host of other
problems brought to light by Mr. Galatis resulted in a scathing report released
in December by Leo Norton, the commission's acting inspector general.

In the report, Mr. Norton confirmed that for nearly 20 years Northeast Utilities
did not follow designated safety plans while refueling the reactor at Millstone
1. He is still investigating charges that Mr. Galatis and other employees were
reprimanded for revealing problems at the plant. One of the greatest concerns of
the commission at plants across the country in recent years, including Indian
Point 3, has been a management style that discourages whistle-blowers.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

A primer of developments on Clinton's emails

BYLINE: Glenn Kessler

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 1026 words


Most breaking news stories, especially ones based on law-enforcement sources,
tend to be contradictory, confusing or incomplete. It usually takes a few days -
or weeks - for a complete and accurate picture to emerge.

FBI Director James B. Comey's announcement Friday that new emails had been found
that might be relevant to the Hillary Clinton investigation is a good example.
His letter to Congress was cryptic, forcing reporters to scramble for additional
explanation.

Here are answers to some key questions.

I haven't paid much attention to the news. What happened?

The FBI announced in July that it had completed its investigation into Hillary
Clinton's use of a private email server when she was secretary of state,
concluding that although she and her aides were "extremely careless" with the
handling of classified information, there was no case for criminal prosecution.
In large part, Comey said, no prosecutor could bring a case because the FBI
could not find evidence that indicated "clearly intentional and willful
mishandling of classified information."

As part of that probe, Comey said, the agency had examined every possible
work-related email it could find, including reconstructing fragments of emails
found on an abandoned server. On Friday, Comey sent a letter to Congress saying
additional emails that might be relevant to the investigation had been found.

What do we know about the new emails?

Not much. In fact, it does not appear as if the FBI has yet examined them in
depth. Comey, in his letter, said the new emails "appear to be pertinent" to the
earlier investigation. He also added the FBI "cannot yet assess whether the
material may or may not be significant," including whether the emails contained
classified information.

Translation: Once the FBI examines the emails, it may discover these are emails
that have already been reviewed in the earlier probe. Alternatively, these could
be fresh emails that had been missed in the first investigation. Even then, they
may or may not have classified information.

How many emails are there?

There is no precise number, but news reports have said there are more than
1,000. It is unclear whether that number means email chains or individual
emails.

How were these emails found?

Law enforcement sources have told reporters that the emails were found on a
computer that belonged to former congressman Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.) and his
estranged wife, Huma Abedin, who had been Clinton's deputy chief of staff at the
State Department. The computer had been seized as part of an underage sexting
investigation of Weiner, conducted by prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York.

The prosecutors investigating Weiner had not been part of the Clinton probe, but
apparently once they found State Department emails on the computer, they
notified FBI headquarters. Now the investigators who had been part of the
Clinton probe will need to comb through the emails found on the computer to
determine whether there is anything new in them.

News organizations have reported conflicting information about the nature of the
emails. They apparently include some exchanges between Clinton and Abedin, but
even that has not been confirmed.

How would State Department emails end up on Abedin's computer?

Abedin had previously told the FBI that when Clinton requested a printout of an
email, she would send it to one of two personal accounts because it was too
clunky to use the State Department's system. She told the FBI that she also had
maintained an email account for support of Weiner's campaign activities. It is
unclear whether these emails were on an account that had not been disclosed to
the FBI or if (and how) they ended up on the hard drive of the computer.

What's the legal risk for Clinton?

Recall that Comey said that the FBI could not find evidence of "clearly
intentional and willful mishandling of classified information." If it turns out
that the emails had been previously reviewed, there would be no liability for
Clinton. Even previously undisclosed emails, especially ones not in Clinton's
possession, would not necessarily change that calculation.

The earlier investigation also focused on Clinton's closest aides, so Abedin may
face new scrutiny if it turns out that she stored classified information on a
personal computer. When Abedin left the State Department, she signed a form,
known as OF-109, saying she had turned over all classified information.

There are different levels of classification. About 2,000 emails in the Clinton
probe were not classified when they were sent, but were "up-classified" to the
low-level "confidential" classification after a review by intelligence agencies.
But, Comey had said, "110 e-mails in 52 e-mail chains have been determined by
the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent
or received," including eight that were deemed Top Secret. In any case,
government officials are supposed to know whether they are in possession of
classified information, regardless of whether it is clearly marked.

Was the investigation "reopened," as Republicans claim?

This is a bit of a semantic dispute. The investigation had not been officially
closed, but it had certainly been completed. Comey's letter was intended to
alert Congress that information had been found (the emails on the computer) and
the FBI needed to assess whether they are relevant. If it turns out these emails
had been previously examined, the FBI would then determine they were not
relevant. But if the emails actually had not been discovered in the initial
investigation, then the FBI would make it active again.

In any case, from a political perspective, the email issue is "reopened" for
Clinton.

Did Comey write only  to Republicans as Clinton claimed?

In a news conference, Clinton faulted the FBI for "sending this kind of letter
that is only going originally to Republican members of the House."

That's wrong. Comey addressed the letter to the Republican chairmen of the
relevant committees, but he cc'ed the ranking Democrats on the second page. A
Clinton spokesman said she misspoke, having focused on the first page of the
letter.

glenn.kessler@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 23, 2015 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Two lives changed in 2.5 seconds;
Shooting reverberates for families of victim, officer and a Utah community

BYLINE: Marisol Bello, @Marisol_Bello, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 1050 words


All it took was 2.5 seconds.

Two-and-a-half seconds for West Valley City, Utah, police detective Shaun Cowley
to assess what he saw as a threat, pull his 9mm Glock pistol from his holster
and fire two shots.

Two-and-a-half seconds for one bullet to pierce a driver's side car window and
enter the left side of Danielle Willard's skull.

Two-and-a-half seconds to take Willard's life.

Two-and-a-half seconds that changed Cowley's life.

"The shooting cost me everything," Cowley says. "You make a split-second
decision about whether you go home that day and someone else does not. That's a
heavy burden."

For officers who have killed in the line of duty and the people connected to
those who have died, the issue goes beyond protests, social media outrage and
hours of news coverage.

Cowley, a nine-year member of the West Valley City police force, says his
instinctive reaction was to protect himself and his partner. The decision led to
criminal charges and financial ruin.

For the family of Danielle Willard, the shooting left confusion, anger and
profound sadness over the loss of the 21-year-old brunette with the jokey
disposition.

Police use of deadly force has been under a national microscope since officer
Darren Wilson shot and killed unarmed black man Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo.,
and officer Daniel Pantaleo killed unarmed black man Eric Garner with a
chokehold in Staten Island, N.Y.

In Cowley's case, race is not an issue. He is white; so was Willard.

FBI statistics show at least 400 deadly police shootings reported annually by
local police departments. The number comes from  largely incomplete data based
on voluntary reporting.

On Nov. 2, 2012, Cowley, 34, had been part of the narcotics unit at the West
Valley City Police Department for two years. He was one of six  detectives
working on heroin and meth dealing in the Salt Lake City suburb of 135,000.

"We were very busy," he says. "Drugs are so rampant."

On this Friday, he was more than a week into surveillance of a duplex where a
white supremacist gang was suspected of selling heroin and guns.

The following description of that day is based on interviews with Cowley, a
report by the Salt Lake County District Attorney's Office and a judge's written
order:

Cowley was in an unmarked car on one side of the house. His partner, Kevin
Salmon, was in an unmarked car in a  parking lot across the street.

After 45 minutes, Salmon radioed that a silver Subaru had pulled into the
parking lot. Both detectives saw a man come out of the house, walk to the car
and get in. Cowley says the man  was in the car for about 30 seconds, then went
back into the house.

Cowley says he walked up to the car on the driver's side while Salmon approached
on the passenger side.

"She immediately looks up and I see her put something in her mouth," he says.
"We believed she was trying to ingest heroin."

"Now she's escalated this," Cowley says.

"Get out of the car," he yelled, pointing his gun at her. She ignored him, he
says. Her doors were locked, her windows were up and the car was running.

Both detectives said Willard moved her hand over the gear shift and looked as if
she was preparing to back up. Salmon told investigators he tried and failed to
break a window in the car.

Less than a minute had passed. Cowley decided to go to his car for a crowbar to
break the window. He says he reholstered his gun and was walking to his car when
he heard a screech of tires.

"I see her vehicle flying at me in reverse," he says. Cowley thought she had hit
Salmon.

"I think he's dead," he says. "My brain is going, 'You are going to die. She's
coming at you fast.'"

He doesn't remember deciding to grab his gun, but he remembers firing it. He
remembers the only sound he heard was the roar of the rounds going off and
seeing one of the car windows shatter.

Then he passed out for what he thinks was a second, maybe two.

He came to on his stomach. His right knee throbbed in pain. He says he was hit
by the car, but a later reconstruction of the incident found that was unlikely
because of where he was standing. He watched as the driver reversed the car in a
tight arc and crashed into another car.

Willard would be pronounced dead at the scene.

Cowley and Salmon were put on paid administrative leave.

Salt Lake District Attorney Sim Gill investigated. In August 2013, nine months
later, he released a report saying the shooting was not justified.

Gill  said a reconstruction showed that neither Cowley nor Salmon was in the
path of the car.

An autopsy found no drugs in Willard's system. A small bag of heroin was found
in the pocket of the driver's door.

It would be another 10 months before Gill charged Cowley with manslaughter. Gill
did not return  calls or e-mails.

The aftermath of the shooting reverberated through this blue-collar Mormon
community.

Police found sealed evidence from a previous case in the trunk of Cowley's car,
evidence he had never logged or stored properly.

That led to an  audit of the narcotics unit that found mishandling of evidence
and accusations of missing drugs and money.

No officers have been charged, but the findings raised questions of possible
corruption and about the chain of custody for evidence. As a result, prosecutors
tossed out at least 100 drug cases.

The narcotics unit was disbanded. Longtime Police Chief Buzz Nielsen resigned
for what he said were health reasons.

Under new chief Lee Russo, Cowley was fired for mishandling evidence. Russo says
he lost or misplaced evidence.

Cowley and his attorneys deny that. They say he was a scapegoat for the unit's
problems. The two sides are in a battle over Cowley's efforts to rejoin the
force.

The preliminary hearing into Cowley's case in October 2014 lasted three days. At
the end, 3rd District Judge L.A. Dever dismissed the case, saying the evidence
did not show that Cowley acted recklessly or that the shooting was not
justified.

Willard's family filed a wrongful death suit against the city, which they
settled in February for $1.4million. The city did not admit wrongdoing, and
under the condition of the settlement, Kennedy says she "can't say anything bad
about the police."

Today, Cowley and his wife have separated. He works repairing medical equipment.

As he tries  to repair a life  in shambles, he lives with the burden of
everything two people lost in two-and-a-half seconds.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Jeffrey D. Allred, The Deseret News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Exoneration of leaders at academy is defended

BYLINE: Miles Moffeit and Erin Emery Denver Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 879 words


The departing Air Force secretary who exonerated a lengthy roster of former Air
Force Academy generals from accountability in the school's sexual-assault
scandal acknowledges past leadership problems but says that commanders made
"honest mistakes" and that punishments would be "replowing old ground."

He also admits that he did not conduct any interviews with anyone connected to
the rape cases, including former or current female cadets, but he says that, in
retrospect, doing so would have been a reasonable step to take.

In an interview with The Denver Post, outgoing acting Secretary Peter Teets said
he spent "a whole weekend agonizing" over whether to discipline any former
commanders, including Brig. Gen. S. Taco Gilbert, former commandant of the
academy, who was repeatedly accused of discouraging women cadets from pursuing
criminal cases.

Teets said he reviewed career records as well as two government investigative
reports into the string of assaults at the academy. When asked to respond to
criticism regarding his lack of discussions with victims, he replied, "Certainly
it would not have been unwise to, and I wouldn't hesitate to do so" if he were
to conduct the review again.

Teets, in a telephone interview from his Maryland home, said: "I simply came to
the conclusion that it was unwarranted to apply sanctions. I grant you that,
with Gen. Gilbert, every action was not perfectly executed. But I also tend to
think that all of us on occasion make honest mistakes. I didn't feel like even a
reprimand was warranted against Taco."

Pentagon officials could not be reached for comment. But the action, spelled out
in a memo to Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld obtained by The Post, drew
immediate fire from Congress, cadets and victim-rights supporters, who said it
is an alarming culmination to a scandal that has torn apart lives and ultimately
helped fuel reforms of how the military deals with sexual violence. They decried
the lack of punishments for a single officer and the fact that Teets failed to
consult with any victims.

Pentagon lawyers said it would be unprecedented for Rumsfeld to override Teets'
decision.

"Any law-abiding citizen hopes up until the last second that justice will
prevail, and when it doesn't, it's simply heartbreaking," said Kira Mountjoy-
Pepka, a former cadet who alleged that she was attacked by a senior student who,
it was later discovered, had a history of being accused of sexual assaults.
Academy officials never filed charges in the Mountjoy-Pepka case.

Teets, the 63-year-old former CEO of Lockheed Martin, offered no replies to much
of the criticism, other than to say he knew it was coming. Other issues weighed
on Teets' mind while dealing with the academy issue, such as the December 2001
death of his eldest son, a 34-year-old engineer, who fell into an icy lake in
Denver while jogging and drowned. The death, he said, prompted his resignation,
saying he needed to devote his full attention to family matters.

But, he said, before he departed, it was important for him to try to move the
Air Force beyond the scandal.

"This is a tough problem," he said, referring to how best to address
sexual-assault cases. "... We have to move into the future now, and there's no
use in replowing old ground."

In his memo to Rumsfeld, Teets made it clear he agreed with an internal Pentagon
investigation last year that found recent academy leaders were not responsible
for mishandling cases. That inquiry laid the blame largely on officers who
oversaw the school in the 1990s and implemented confidentiality policies that
the report said hindered rape investigations.

Last year, an independent commission led by former U.S. Rep. Tillie Fowler
faulted Gilbert and other former officials for poor leadership and judgment in
handling rape cases, allowing problems to escalate.

Teets has served as acting secretary since Jan. 18. He declined to elaborate
about why he believed that Gilbert or Col. Sue Slavec, a former group commander,
should not be punished. Several cadets who reported they were raped accused the
two commanders of mishandling their cases by blaming the alleged victims for
assaults and threatening to punish them for breaking academy rules at the time
of the attacks.

Gilbert, who one female cadet said compared her to a person walking down "a dark
alley with hundred-dollar bills hanging out" of her pockets, has insisted that
he was unfairly vilified. He left in March 2003.

Teets said some of Gilbert's remarks may have been off base but did not reflect
actions that were flagrant violations of regulations.

"Very frankly, I think this whole situation is somewhat despicable. I thought of
these women's statements. I agonized through the whole situation. Still, I
didn't find that there were actions taken or not taken because of neglect or
that he or anyone else weren't trying to take care of a situation (properly)."

Joe Madonia, a lawyer for several former cadets, called Teets' decision a
travesty and another example of cadets' voices not being heard.

"The fact that he spoke to none of the victims is telling," Madonia said. "This
is in Congress' hands now. We were promised hearings (on the academy), and they
can still have them."

Staff writer Miles Moffeit can be reached at 303-820-1415 or
mmoffeit@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       June 7, 1999, Monday, Home Edition

HARTSFIELD CITY LIMITS;
 Baggage checks provide irritation, sense of security;
 Tough policy: Passengers often dig into pockets to match tickets with luggage
tags.

BYLINE: Gary Hendricks, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business Horizon; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 651 words

Hartsfield has one of the toughest policies in the country on checking people
leaving the terminal with baggage, to prevent pilfering.

The checks at the exits are something passengers find to be a mild irritant, but
it also leaves a feeling of security, many say.

Some airports don't do it at all. Last year, police arrested a man for stealing
500 bags containing $ 1 million worth of items from the unsecured baggage claim
area of Dallas-Fort Worth Airport.

He stocked a flea market booth with the stolen goods, The Associated Press
reported.

Hartsfield has a requirement that passengers be able to match the tags on the
bags to tickets before they leave the terminal. Passengers sometimes are caught
unaware, having to dig through pockets or briefcases for their tickets to get
past the guards.

"I think they could come up with something a little more efficient," said
Hartsfield passenger Lawrence Barnes of New Haven, Conn., in town on a visit.

The airport spends $ 1.5 million a year for the service, mainly to pay the
checkers, and is reimbursed by the airlines. Hartsfield and Miami provide the
security checks as part of the basic service to airline tenants, but other
airports leave it up to the airlines to do their own checking.

Los Angeles International, which also requires checks at the baggage exits,
found that crooks devise ways to get around the system.

A man allegedly raided the airline baggage belts at LAX and walked away with 11
sets of golf clubs, camera equipment and other items worth an estimated $
20,000, the AP reported.

The suspect wore a pilot's uniform with a fake ID and walked past the guards,
the wire service said. Police later arrested him.

Hartsfield doesn't have any statistics to indicate whether the security checks
hold down baggage theft, or even someone walking out of the airport
inadvertently with someone else's luggage.

Thefts usually occur in other parts of the airports where passengers have left
bags unattended, Atlanta police spokesman John Quigly said.

"The biggest tip I'd give anyone is not to walk away from your bag at the
airport," Quigly said.

Also, he advised passengers not to leave jewelry or cell phones lying on a
restroom counter, the most common points of theft in the airport, Quigly said.

Delta Air Lines cannot distinguish between stolen bags and bags that somehow get
lost forever, a spokesman said. First quarter 1999 statistics from the U.S.
Department of Transportation show that Delta mishandled the baggage of 5.33
passengers of every 1,000, in a period when it flew 23 million people.

The average for the January-March period among major airlines was 6.03 per 1,000
passengers.

Mishandling means lost, damaged, delayed or pilfered.

The vast majority of Delta's mishandled bags are returned to the rightful owners
within 24 to 48 hours, Delta spokesman John Kennedy said. But occasionally a bag
never shows up.

"We say Delta loses a bag a day," Kennedy said. "But that's out of the 250, 000
people we fly daily."

Bag mishandling occurs at higher rates when a push is on to maintain on- time
performance, Kennedy said.

"When you are trying to keep your on-time performance up, bags are more likely
to get misrouted in the rush," Kennedy said.

Whether the numbers back up the need for checking bags of departing passengers,
the extra feeling of security is worth the added stop, said Debra Lee of Murphy,
N.C., in Atlanta on a family gathering. She returned to Hartsfield to meet
12-year-old Michael Boynton of Venice, Fla., her son's best friend who was
joining the gathering.

The boy had to fumble through his pockets to find his ticket to get past the
checkpoint.

"A lot of bags look similar," Lee said. "People can grab your bag and just walk
off. It would be frustrating to stand there (at baggage claim) waiting on your
luggage and then somebody walks out the door with it."

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Michael Boynton, 12, of Venice, Fla., searches for his ticket to match luggage
tag during check at baggage claim exit./ MARLENE KARAS / Staff

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            November 4, 2013 Monday

Rally calls for charges against West Valley City officers

BYLINE: By Michael Mcfall The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 838 words


Melissa Kennedy wants to see the officers who shot and killed her daughter
charged with crimes -- along with the rest of their unit.

"I want [the district attorney] to file charges against all of them," Kennedy
said at a rally Saturday evening to remember her daughter, Danielle Willard.
About 35 people who turned out to the rally, outside West Valley City Hall, were
also calling for a change in police tactics, in light of other Utahns shot and
killed in the past few years.

"This isn't just about Danielle. This is much bigger than just one child,"
Kennedy said.

A year ago Saturday, West Valley City police detectives Kevin Salmon and Shaun
Cowley shot at Willard during a drug bust. The investigation into the shooting
is ongoing, though Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill determined the
two officers were not justified in using deadly force against the 21-year-old.
Gill has not determined whether the pair will face criminal charges for their
actions.

Gill also has not pressed any charges against the other members of the
now-disbanded Neighborhood Narcotics Unit, which faced intense scrutiny after
the shooting and after allegations of mishandling evidence, misconduct and other
corruption charges surfaced.

An internal affairs investigation found the officers had improperly taken change
from suspects and used it to buy the unit items, like food and water. It also
found one officer had used a GPS device without a warrant. The same
investigation found the most serious corruption charges were unwarranted.

But it's been the Willard shooting that has focused new attention on use of
force by police. Scott Simons shouted into a bullhorn as cars drove past the
rally, decrying the mentality that officers are "judge, jury and executioner."

His daughter, Kelly Fay Simons, 38, was killed in January by police, who
suspected her of committing a series of armed robberies in the Salt Lake Valley.

Police say Kelly Simons exchanged gunfire with a Murray officer following a
armed robbery. Days later, on Jan. 11, she attempted to run down a Joint
Criminal Apprehension Team officer with her pickup truck, prompting an officer
to shoot her to death.

In contrast, her alleged cohort Sandra Chotia-Thompson was arrested the same
night after Salt Lake City police negotiated with her to turn herself in.

"[Salt Lake City] Police Chief Chris Burbank told me that we need to concentrate
on police tactics and level of force," Scott Simons said, pointing out how
Burbank pulled his department out of JCAT because its tactics were too
aggressive. Simons wants to see police training reformed in a way that dials
back the aggression and the lack of hesitation to pull a trigger.

The same goes for Patricia Crockett, whose friend Todd Blair, 30, was shot and
killed on Sept. 16, 2010, by the Weber-Morgan Narcotics Strike Force. The force
was serving a "no knock" search warrant on a Roy home, shouting "police" and
"search warrant" several times. Blair appeared in the living room with a golf
club raised above his head, advancing toward the officers in an "aggressive
manner," when an officer shot him, said Weber County Attorney Dee Smith in a
statement. Smith ruled the shooting was justified.

"It saddens me to this day. It was uncalled for," Crockett said. She wants to
see an end to "no knock" warrants.

"This has got to stop," she said.

Crockett, too, wants to see charges filed against Cowley and Salmon for
Willard's death.

Cowley has since been fired for unrelated reasons, though he is appealing that
decision. Salmon remains on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of
Gill's investigation.

Lindsay Jarvis, Cowley's attorney, claims the detective's actions weren't enough
to warrant termination and that he should get his job back. In an appeal, Jarvis
claims the department violated her client's rights, consistently employed
unequal discipline across the department and used investigators that had blatant
conflicts of interest against her client.

While seven of the nine officers who worked with Cowley in the narcotics unit
were found to have engaged in wrongdoing, she said nobody else was fired. She
said Lt. John Coyle, who is also appealing his disciplinary action, received the
most serious punishment of the bunch -- a demotion.

West Valley City Police Chief Lee Russo stands by the decision to fire Cowley
for mishandling evidence and for unaccounted for money. He emphasized Cowley was
fired for his own actions, not those of his supervisors or colleagues.

Russo said the department will be studying Jarvis' allegations to determine what
is real and what is not and whether accountability has been established for the
alleged actions. He said some of the allegations Jarvis has leveled happened
years ago. Others will be difficult to verify.

Jarvis claims she can back up all the allegations through police reports,
recordings and testimony.

Ultimately, state and federal prosecutors dismissed more than 100 criminal cases
linked to undisclosed officers in the narcotics unit.

mmcfall@sltrib.com

Twitter: @mikeypanda

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 2, 2000, Monday

TRYING TIMES: A CASE OF SOUL SEARCHING Some are surprised that paper i s putting
itself under a Wen Ho Lee microscope

BYLINE: By PAUL D. COLFORD DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 884 words

What a week it was at The New York Times.

First, the paper looked back on its controversial coverage of scientist Wen Ho
Lee with a long self-evaluation on Page 2.

"On the whole, we remain proud of work that brought into the open a major
national security problem of which officials had been aware for months, even
years," the highly unusual, unsigned article said. "But looking back, we also
found some things we wish we had done differently in the course of the coverage
to give Dr. Lee the full benefit of the doubt."

Then came the paper's lengthy editorial on Thursday reviewing previous
editorials on the Lee case.

Lee's mishandling of classified nuclear weapons files at the Los Alamos National
Laboratory "seems beyond reasonable dispute," the editorial said. However, "we
find that we too quickly accepted the government's theory that espionage was the
main reason for Chinese nuclear advances and its view that Dr. Lee had been
properly singled out as the prime suspect."

By the end of Thursday, there was still more confession.

In an internal memo, managing editor Bill Keller said he was "heartsick" that
some staffers thought the Page 2 review had blamed the supervising editor of the
Lee coverage for any shortcomings. On the contrary, Keller wrote, he and
executive editor Joseph Lelyveld "laid our hands on these articles, and we
overlooked some opportunities in our own direction of the coverage."

To those who read the influential Times and also follow its often byzantine
inner workings, the paper's public appraisal of itself was nothing less than a
spectacle.

"It's most unusual," said William Serrin, a former Times reporter who teaches
journalism history at New York University. "I don't know of anything like it in
the long history of the paper."

Some media observers were quick to praise the paper for owning up to lapses in
its stories - coverage that media critics and defenders of Lee maintained "had
stimulated a political frenzy amounting to a witch hunt," to quote The Times.

"You can see the agony they're going through," said David Laventhol, a former
publisher of the Los Angeles Times who's now editorial director of the Columbia
Journalism Review.

But others expressed disappointment in The Times for seeming to apologize for
coverage of a story that remains murky and troubling, even though the Justice
Department's case against Lee unraveled and the scientist was freed from jail
after pleading guilty to one count of mishandling classified material.

"I was surprised by the paper's reaction," said James Squires, a former top
editor of the Chicago Tribune. "From an editor's standpoint, I would be pursuing
why the government didn't pursue a case it had reasonable grounds to pursue.
Questions should still be answered before The Times apologizes."

Echoing Squires' remarks, Richard Lowry, editor of the conservative National
Review, said: "I don't know what they have to apologize for. ... I think their
stories, given the circumstances, were pretty darn good."

At the same time, Lowry went on to check off the list of recent gaffes that all
Times watchers have been compiling.

The list includes a scary Page 1 story in August reporting that an "ice-free
patch of ocean about a mile wide" had opened up at the North Pole and was being
studied for its potential effect on the environment. Ten days later, The Times
ran a correction saying that a clear spot of water "has probably opened at the
pole before" and is "not necessarily linked to global warming."

Another front-page story in August reported that the Boy Scouts had suffered a
loss in corporate and governmental support since the Supreme Court allowed the
organization to exclude gays. It was followed by a correction of various details
that ran five paragraphs.

"And now this," Lowry said, referring to the Lee coverage. "What's wrong with
these people? I mean, can't anyone here play this game?"

Inside The Times itself, numerous reporters and editors who were asked to
comment on the paper's self-appraisal declined to do so. Other staffers said
they had not read the stories about Lee and had not followed the fallout.

Publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. did not respond to a request for comment.

According to sources at The Times, who would discuss the matter only if they
were not identified, staffers saw the Page 2 evaluation as a responsible
reaction to criticism of the paper while other reporters were grim because they
felt it would undermine their work, especially when they go after stories that
might turn out as inconclusive as the Lee articles.

At the same time, several Times reporters were circulating a wicked parody of
the paper's self-appraisal that was posted on the Web site ModernHumorist.com.

"We never prepared a full-scale profile of Dr. Lee, because, frankly, we didn't
think anyone would want to read a profile of such a loathsome criminal," the
parody said.

Steven Brill, chairman of media-watching magazine Brill's Content, said he did
not understand why people would find it so extraordinary The Times did what any
consumer-product company would do: acknowledge a shortcoming in its product.

"The Times, if it had an outside independent ombudsman, would have had seen
these problems earlier on and had its catharsis a lot sooner," Brill said.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Keller, Times managing editor, relates his feelings to staffers in
internal memo.  UPON FURTHER REVIEW...The New York Times' second thoughts about
its coverage of scientist Wen Ho Lee has evoked responses that range from praise
to disappointment

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 18, 2009 Friday

Evidence suspect released on technicality

BYLINE: James Gilbert, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 846 words


Sep. 18--The former evidence technician for the San Luis Police Department, who
was arrested for allegedly mishandling evidence, has been released from custody
because she did not appear before a judge within 24 hours of her arrest.

San Luis police arrested Esperanza Zambrano on Wednesday, alleging she had
stolen approximately 180 grams of meth and nearly $3,000 from the agency's
evidence room.

She was booked later that same evening into the Yuma County jail on charges of
possession or use of a dangerous drug, theft, and fraudulent schemes and
artifices.

However, when Zambrano made her initial appearance in Somerton Justice Court the
next day before Justice of the Peace Jorge Lozano, he had to release her.

Zambrano, who was arrested at her Yuma home at about 8 a.m., did not make her
initial appearance in court until 11 a.m. the next day, which was 27 hours after
her arrest.

Under a provision in the state law -- specifically 4.1 of the Rules of Criminal
Procedure -- anyone arrested must been brought before a judge "without
unnecessary delay," within 24 hours of their arrest. If they are not, then they
are required to be released.

"The judge made the decision and it is respected. This does not mean the charges
are going away," said SLPD Capt. Javier Nuno. "There was a necessary delay. It
was the investigation."

Although Zambrano did not appear within the required 24 hours, Nuno said the
SLPD does not think it violated the provision. That's because its investigation
was still ongoing and should have been determined as a reasonable delay because
it was used to gather crucial evidence and interview the suspect.

"You just can't stop an investigation halfway to go see a judge. You need to
finish it," Nuno explained. "Questioning and evidence testing was still being
done."

Also the department "has never been presented with the situation where a person
was released based on the argument of the 24-hour period under the unnecessary
delay rule."

"This is the first time I have ever seen this happen," Nuno said.

According to a news release issued by the SLPD, San Luis detectives and
officers, with the assistance of the Yuma County Narcotics Task Force, executed
a search warrant at Zambrano's residence Wednesday morning and she was
subsequently taken into custody.

After her arrest, police officers searched Zambrano's residence for evidence
against her, processed what they found, and then took her back to the SLPD all
of which took several hours.

Later, according to the news release, Zambrano was subjected to a thorough
interrogation, after which she was transported to a Yuma clinic, where blood,
urine and hair samples were taken to determine if she had consumed drugs in
recent days.

"Collecting the samples also took a couple of hours," the news release stated.

Once that was done, Zambrano was returned to the San Luis Police Department
before eventually being taken to the Yuma County jail at about 6 p.m., which is
where she remained until she was brought to Somerton Justice Court the next day
for her initial appearance.

"After 6 p.m. Wednesday, Sept. 16, Zambrano was no longer in the custody of the
San Luis Police Department," the release stated.

Zambrano is still scheduled to appear in Somerton Justice on Monday for her
arraignment. The Yuma County Attorney's Office is reviewing her case and has
until then to file a criminal complaint against her.

According to the SLPD, if a complaint is filed, Zambrano will be arrested again.

Zambrano was the evidence technician for SLPD until her resignation in December
2008. She started with the San Luis police as a communications officer in 2005
and was transferred over to the evidence room as part of a restructuring of the
department in 2007.

The arrest stems from the results of a monthlong investigation conducted  by the
SLPD after accusations of the mishandling of stored evidence.

The SLPD claims that after Zambrano's abrupt departure from the agency, it was
discovered that potentially some of the evidence stored in the evidence room was
not disposed of properly.

It was also discovered that a small quantity of seized drug evidence could not
be located. A cursory inquiry revealed that a full-scale audit was necessary to
ensure the integrity of the evidence room and the evidence stored there.

After several months, the investigators were able to determine that
approximately $3,000 and approximately 180 grams of a dangerous drug were not
properly accounted for.

After reviewing the findings, and a discussion with the Yuma County Attorney's
Office, the police department's administrative staff felt that enough probable
cause existed to pursue Zambrano as a suspect regarding the missing evidence
items.

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090918-YZ-Evidence-suspect-released-on-technicality-0918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2009 The Sun


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

West Valley City former narcotics officer disciplined

BYLINE: By Janelle Stecklein The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 721 words


A ninth West Valley City police officer has been disciplined in connection with
West Valley City's now-disbanded Neighborhood Narcotics Unit.

West Valley police Sgt. Jason Hauer was suspended in late October for 40 hours
without pay for mishandling money belonging to a confidential informant,
according to discipline records obtained by The Salt Lake Tribune as part of an
open records request.

But the discipline involved a February 2010 incident, which occurred years
before the 2012 scandal rocked the narcotics unit and led to its disbanding in
December 2012.

According to the Oct. 31 discipline letter written by West Valley City Police
Chief Lee Russo, in February 2010, Hauer "inappropriately took possession of
monies belonging to a confidential informant without a legitimate or lawful
purpose."

Russo wrote that Hauer then inappropriately used $500 of the $1,200 he seized
from the confidential informant in a law enforcement-led drug transaction to pay
a drug dealer targeted in the probe.

"Although eventually $1,200 of the informant's money was returned to her, $111
of the informant's money remains unaccounted for," Russo wrote.

Russo said Tuesday that confidential informant's money was found uninventoried
in an envelope inside a safe as far back as 2011 -- long after Hauer had been
promoted to sergeant and transferred out of the unit.

But the internal affairs investigation languished, and it took the department
years to mete out any sort of punishment before it crossed Russo's desk in
October.

"Nobody should have to wait that long for an internal affairs investigation to
complete," Russo said Tuesday. "It does no good for anybody to have something
sitting out there that long. It's supposed to be swift and reasonable."

Russo said just before he was hired in August to replace retired Chief Thayle
"Buzz" Nielsen, the matter was presented to the city's Professional Standards
Review Board, who recommended a letter of counseling and training.

But Russo said he looked at the issue and determined it needed more formal
discipline, which he implemented and Hauer did not appeal.

Russo said since he was hired, he has implemented a policy that internal affairs
now has 45 days to investigate any complaints so they're not hanging over an
officer's head for months, or in this case, years.

In Hauer's case, he had most recently served in the high-profile role as West
Valley City police spokesman. He has since been assigned to patrol and is no
longer serving as spokesman.

He has had no other discipline during his employment with West Valley City
except for a written reprimand for a vehicle crash, records released by the
department show.

His suspension marks the ninth time this year a West Valley City officer has
been disciplined connected to the narcotics unit.

Eight of the nine officers most recently assigned to the unit were found to have
mishandled evidence, inappropriately used GPS tracking devices, kept trophies,
or removed change and other property from suspect's vehicles.

The ensuing fallout resulted in the dismissals of more than 120 state and
federal cases linked to officers in the unit.

Detective Shaun Cowley, who also is accused of firing the fatal shot that killed
21-year-old Danielle Willard during an alleged drug bust, was fired for
mishandling evidence and unaccounted for money. He was not fired for the Willard
shooting, which Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill found to be
unjustified. The unit's former lieutenant, John Coyle, was demoted.

Both men are appealing their disciplinary action before the city's Civil Service
Commission and are scheduled to have hearings early in 2014.

Sgt. Michael Johnson was suspended for 80 hours for failing to provide proper
supervision.

Detective Ricardo Franco was suspended for 40 hours without pay because he
failed to book evidence "properly and in a timely manner." He also used GPS
trackers on suspected drug traffickers' vehicles before he said he was properly
trained on the matter.

The discipline taken against Detectives Sean McCarthy, Chris Smith, Barbara Lund
and Rafael Frausto was minor: each received a letter of counsel.

A 10th officer, Detective Kevin Salmon, who was involved in Willard's death,
remained on paid leave Tuesday, as the ongoing probe into the Willard shooting
continues.

jstecklein@sltrib.com

Twitter @sltribjanelle

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

PRESSING QUESTIONS ASKED, ANSWERED IN NEW EMAIL PROBE

BYLINE: Glenn Kessler Washington Post

SECTION: A; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 1039 words


Most breaking news stories, especially ones based on law-enforcement sources,
tend to be contradictory, confusing or incomplete. That's because reporters are
chasing for scraps of information, which may or may not be right depending on
the quality of the sourcing. It usually takes a few days - or weeks - for a
complete and accurate picture to emerge.

FBI Director James Comey's announcement Friday that new emails had been found
that might be relevant to the Hillary Clinton investigation is a good example.
His letter to Congress was cryptic, forcing reporters to scramble for additional
explanation. The announcement came 11 days before a highly charged presidential
election, leading to political spin on both sides.

Here are answers to some key questions.

Q. I haven't paid much attention to the news. What happened?

A. The FBI announced in July that it had completed its investigation into
Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server when she was secretary of state,
concluding that though she and her aides were "extremely careless" with the
handling of classified information, there was no case for criminal prosecution.
In large part, Comey said, no prosecutor could bring a case because the FBI
could not find evidence that indicated "clearly intentional and willful
mishandling of classified information."

As part of that probe, Comey said, the agency had examined every possible
work-related email it could find, including reconstructing fragments of emails
found on an abandoned server. On Friday, Comey sent a letter to Congress saying
potentially additional emails that might be relevant to the investigation had
been found.

Q. What do we know about the new emails?

A. Not much. In fact, it does not appear as if the FBI has yet examined them in
depth. Comey, in his letter, said the new emails "appear to be pertinent" to the
earlier investigation. He also added the FBI "cannot yet assess whether the
material may or may not be significant," including whether the emails contained
classified information.

Translation: Once the FBI examines the emails, it may discover these are emails
that have already been reviewed in the earlier probe. Alternatively, these could
be fresh emails that had been missed in the first investigation. Even then, they
may or may not have classified information.

Q. How many emails are there?

A. There is no precise number, but news reports have said there are more than
1,000.

Q. How did these emails get discovered?

A. Law enforcement sources have told reporters that the emails were found on a
computer that belonged to former congressman Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., and his
estranged wife, Huma Abedin, who had been Clinton's deputy chief of staff at the
State Department. The computer had been seized as part of an underage sexting
investigation of Weiner, conducted by prosecutors in the Southern District of
New York.

The prosecutors investigating Weiner obviously had not been part of the Clinton
probe, but apparently once they found State Department emails on the computer,
they notified FBI headquarters. Now the investigators who had been part of the
Clinton probe will need to comb through the emails found on the computer to
determine whether there is anything new in them.

News organizations have reported conflicting information about the nature of the
emails. They apparently include some Clinton-Abedin exchanges, but even that has
not been confirmed.

Q. How would State Department emails end up on Abedin's computer?

A. Abedin had previously told the FBI that when Clinton requested a printout of
an email, she would send it to one of two personal accounts because it was too
clunky to use the State Department's system. She told the FBI she had maintained
an email account for support of Weiner's campaign activities. It is unclear if
these emails were on an account that had not been disclosed to the FBI or if
(and how) they ended up on the hard drive of the computer.

Q. What's the legal risk for Clinton?

A. Recall that Comey said  the FBI could not find evidence of "clearly
intentional and willful mishandling of classified information." If it turns out
that the emails had been previously reviewed, there would be no liability for
Clinton. Even previously undisclosed emails, especially ones not in Clinton's
possession, would not necessarily change that calculation.

The earlier investigation also focused on Clinton's closest aides, so Abedin may
face new scrutiny if it turns out that she stored classified information on a
personal computer. When Abedin left the State Department, she signed a form,
known as OF-109, saying she had turned over all classified information.

Q. Was the investigation "reopened" as Republicans claim?

A. This is a bit of semantic dispute. The investigation had not been officially
closed, but it had certainly been completed. Comey's letter was intended to
alert Congress that information had been found (the emails on the computer) and
the FBI needed to assess whether they are relevant. If it turns out these emails
had been previously examined, the FBI would then determine they were not
relevant. But if the emails actually had not been discovered in the initial
investigation, then the FBI would make it active again.

In any case, from a political perspective, the email issue is "reopened" for
Clinton.

Q. Did Comey have to issue this letter now?

A. That's a judgment call. Comey, a Republican, was appointed three years ago by
President Obama to a 10-year term, so he is completely independent.

Comey came under heavy criticism from Republicans for having cleared Clinton in
the first place - and Democrats were angry that he issued a lengthy statement at
the conclusion of the probe, criticizing Clinton and her aides.

The Justice Department advised him to not make this new information public so
close to the election, saying it was against government policy. But if he did
not make it public, the information may still have leaked, especially as
prosecutors would need court permission to use information seized in the Weiner
probe in a separate investigation. In his letter, he referenced the fact that he
had testified that the probe into Clinton's email server had been completed, and
he wanted to update his testimony.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 23, 2008 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

RANGE OF OFFENSES COST 14 IDAHO OFFICERS THEIR BADGES LAST YEAR;

BYLINE: Jody Lawrence-Turner Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1184 words


Twenty-five Washington law officers and 14 in Idaho were stripped of their
badges last year for transgressions as serious as theft and drug charges and as
basic as telling a lie.

For Washington, it's still a fairly new process. Prior to 2002, an officer could
be fired from one agency and go to work for another. Since then, 78 officers
have been told they can no longer work in law enforcement anywhere in the state
- a third of them last year alone - in a process called decertification.

The public has never before been told which Washington officers have been
decertified, or why. Until the records were recently requested by The
Spokesman-Review, the Washington State Criminal Justice Training Commission
considered the information confidential, even though similar information about
decertified teachers and health professionals is considered public.

The newspaper's request prompted a review of that policy, and the commission
ultimately determined that state law did not shield the decertified officers
from disclosure.

Even in Idaho, which has had a decertification process since the 1980s, there's
been little interest in the process outside law enforcement.

Not that either state has gone out of its way to tell residents about it.

"We have difficulty explaining the process to police agencies, let alone the
public," said Doug Blair, deputy director of operations at the  training
commission.

With about 10,000 law enforcement officers in Washington and 3,541 in Idaho,
only a tiny minority ever face the ultimate disciplinary action of
decertification. But more officers are losing their badges than in the past, and
Jeffry Black, executive director of Idaho Peace Officers Standards and Training,
said the decertification process isn't the only reason.

"I think problems have always been there, but now agencies are being more
proactive," Black said. Washington has only had the process in place for six
years."One reason (that Washington adopted the process) was to ensure that those
who were unfit to be law enforcement officers couldn't work somewhere else,"
Blair said.

Fired officers used to move from one location to another without leaving the
field of law enforcement.

In one such case, a Spokane County sheriff's detective served another six years
- as chief in St. Maries and as undersheriff in Washington's San Juan County -
after being fired in 1984 for falsifying 23 reports. The officer, now deceased,
said he'd investigated crimes he had not.

Under today's system, he would have been stripped of his badge and unable to
work again in law enforcement, at least in Washington and Idaho.

Officers in both states can be decertified for violating certain agency codes of
conduct or being convicted of a crime.

Last year, Idaho officers lost their law enforcement credentials for offenses
that included mishandling evidence, filing false reports, having sex on duty,
accessing porn on a work computer and providing alcohol to minors. A corrections
officer for the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department was decertified for
stealing prescription drugs from an inmate, according to a report by the Idaho
Peace Officers Standards and Training. And a Bonner County sheriff's deputy was
stripped of his credentials for carrying a concealed weapon while intoxicated.

Washington officers were decertified in 2007 for reasons that included domestic
violence, reckless driving, theft, forgery and dishonesty. Since 2002,  other
Washington officers have been decertified for child molestation, assault,
burglary and child rape.

Black said the most common reasons Idaho officers lose their certification is
having sex on the job. In Washington, domestic violence and dishonesty are the
most common, according to a list provided by the  training commission.

"Officers are reflective of society. We are human," Black said.

The process

The Washington State Criminal Justice Training Commission and Idaho Peace
Officers Standards and Training office are responsible for certifying police, as
well as decertify them.

In both states, officers must pass required tests, including a psychological
exam, criminal background check and a polygraph.

Once Washington officers pass those exams and graduate from the law enforcement
academy, they are certified. Idaho officers aren't certified until a year after
they're hired.

Idaho's Peace Officers Standards and Training office was established in 1970 and
has been certifying officers since then. The first Idaho officer to lose his
certification, in 1986, was a Homedale police officer who committed assault with
intent to commit serious harm, Black said.

Since then, there have been 126 decertifications.

Prior to 1996, Idaho officers had to be a convicted of a crime - misdemeanor or
felony - before they were disqualified to work in law enforcement. The statute
since has been changed to include violations of codes of conduct, such as lying
during an internal investigation, insubordination, mishandling evidence or
having sex while on duty.

When Black became executive director of Idaho Peace Officers Standards and
Training in 2006, he faced  a backlog of 74 investigations. The list has since
grown to 84 open investigations, and Black has hired  six part-time
investigators to help clear them.

Idaho law agencies must notify Black's office if an officer is terminated. But
in rare cases, such as when an officer is caught committing a hunting violation,
an Idaho officer might actually be decertified by the state before being fired
by the boss.

Black looks for stories about  officers in newspapers, and sometimes those
reports prompt investigations. "We read about when they do something heroic as
well as when there's disciplinary action," he said.

Investigations are reviewed by a 15-member board  that includes chiefs,
sheriffs, other law officers, an FBI agent and the criminal law division chief
for the Idaho attorney general's office. Also on the board are the executive
director of Association of Idaho Cities and the executive director of the Idaho
Association of Counties. That board decides whether an officer loses
credentials.

The Washington commission has 14 members, including Spokane Police Chief Anne
Kirkpatrick.

Idaho's hearings board and Washington's commission are appointed by their
respective governors.

As in Idaho, Washington agencies must contact the commission if an officer has
been fired.

Decertification is decided through an investigation and a series of reviews.

Washington's statute outlines what is considered disqualifying behavior,
including a criminal conviction, lying on the application for certification, or
violating certain agency codes of conduct, such as lying.

"It can also include actions that would constitute violations of the law even
though the officer is not charged or convicted," Blair said.

But not every officer fired for dishonesty is decertified. Spokane police
Officer John Elam was fired after he lied about whether he was wearing a seat
belt during an on-duty crash. Because his dishonesty didn't occur during an
internal affairs investigation, he was not decertified, Kirkpatrick said.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 23, 2008 Sunday
                                Replate Edition

OFFENSES COST COPS THEIR BADGES;

BYLINE: Jody Lawrence-Turner Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1184 words


Twenty-five Washington law officers and 14 in Idaho were stripped of their
badges last year for transgressions as serious as theft and drug charges and as
basic as telling a lie.

For Washington, it's still a fairly new process. Prior to 2002, an officer could
be fired from one agency and go to work for another. Since then, 78 officers
have been told they can no longer work in law enforcement anywhere in the state
- a third of them last year alone - in a process called decertification.

The public has never before been told which Washington officers have been
decertified, or why. Until the records were recently requested by The
Spokesman-Review, the Washington State Criminal Justice Training Commission
considered the information confidential, even though similar information about
decertified teachers and health professionals is considered public.

The newspaper's request prompted a review of that policy, and the commission
ultimately determined that state law did not shield the decertified officers
from disclosure.

Even in Idaho, which has had a decertification process since the 1980s, there's
been little interest in the process outside law enforcement.

Not that either state has gone out of its way to tell residents about it.

"We have difficulty explaining the process to police agencies, let alone the
public," said Doug Blair, deputy director of operations at the  training
commission.

With about 10,000 law enforcement officers in Washington and 3,541 in Idaho,
only a tiny minority ever face the ultimate disciplinary action of
decertification. But more officers are losing their badges than in the past, and
Jeffry Black, executive director of Idaho Peace Officers Standards and Training,
said the decertification process isn't the only reason.

"I think problems have always been there, but now agencies are being more
proactive," Black said. Washington has only had the process in place for six
years."One reason (that Washington adopted the process) was to ensure that those
who were unfit to be law enforcement officers couldn't work somewhere else,"
Blair said.

Fired officers used to move from one location to another without leaving the
field of law enforcement.

In one such case, a Spokane County sheriff's detective served another six years
- as chief in St. Maries and as undersheriff in Washington's San Juan County -
after being fired in 1984 for falsifying 23 reports. The officer, now deceased,
said he'd investigated crimes he had not.

Under today's system, he would have been stripped of his badge and unable to
work again in law enforcement, at least in Washington and Idaho.

Officers in both states can be decertified for violating certain agency codes of
conduct or being convicted of a crime.

Last year, Idaho officers lost their law enforcement credentials for offenses
that included mishandling evidence, filing false reports, having sex on duty,
accessing porn on a work computer and providing alcohol to minors. A corrections
officer for the Kootenai County Sheriff's Department was decertified for
stealing prescription drugs from an inmate, according to a report by the Idaho
Peace Officers Standards and Training. And a Bonner County sheriff's deputy was
stripped of his credentials for carrying a concealed weapon while intoxicated.

Washington officers were decertified in 2007 for reasons that included domestic
violence, reckless driving, theft, forgery and dishonesty. Since 2002,  other
Washington officers have been decertified for child molestation, assault,
burglary and child rape.

Black said the most common reasons Idaho officers lose their certification is
having sex on the job. In Washington, domestic violence and dishonesty are the
most common, according to a list provided by the  training commission.

"Officers are reflective of society. We are human," Black said.

The process

The Washington State Criminal Justice Training Commission and Idaho Peace
Officers Standards and Training office are responsible for certifying police, as
well as decertify them.

In both states, officers must pass required tests, including a psychological
exam, criminal background check and a polygraph.

Once Washington officers pass those exams and graduate from the law enforcement
academy, they are certified. Idaho officers aren't certified until a year after
they're hired.

Idaho's Peace Officers Standards and Training office was established in 1970 and
has been certifying officers since then. The first Idaho officer to lose his
certification, in 1986, was a Homedale police officer who committed assault with
intent to commit serious harm, Black said.

Since then, there have been 126 decertifications.

Prior to 1996, Idaho officers had to be a convicted of a crime - misdemeanor or
felony - before they were disqualified to work in law enforcement. The statute
since has been changed to include violations of codes of conduct, such as lying
during an internal investigation, insubordination, mishandling evidence or
having sex while on duty.

When Black became executive director of Idaho Peace Officers Standards and
Training in 2006, he faced  a backlog of 74 investigations. The list has since
grown to 84 open investigations, and Black has hired  six part-time
investigators to help clear them.

Idaho law agencies must notify Black's office if an officer is terminated. But
in rare cases, such as when an officer is caught committing a hunting violation,
an Idaho officer might actually be decertified by the state before being fired
by the boss.

Black looks for stories about  officers in newspapers, and sometimes those
reports prompt investigations. "We read about when they do something heroic as
well as when there's disciplinary action," he said.

Investigations are reviewed by a 15-member board  that includes chiefs,
sheriffs, other law officers, an FBI agent and the criminal law division chief
for the Idaho attorney general's office. Also on the board are the executive
director of Association of Idaho Cities and the executive director of the Idaho
Association of Counties. That board decides whether an officer loses
credentials.

The Washington commission has 14 members, including Spokane Police Chief Anne
Kirkpatrick.

Idaho's hearings board and Washington's commission are appointed by their
respective governors.

As in Idaho, Washington agencies must contact the commission if an officer has
been fired.

Decertification is decided through an investigation and a series of reviews.

Washington's statute outlines what is considered disqualifying behavior,
including a criminal conviction, lying on the application for certification, or
violating certain agency codes of conduct, such as lying.

"It can also include actions that would constitute violations of the law even
though the officer is not charged or convicted," Blair said.

But not every officer fired for dishonesty is decertified. Spokane police
Officer John Elam was fired after he lied about whether he was wearing a seat
belt during an on-duty crash. Because his dishonesty didn't occur during an
internal affairs investigation, he was not decertified, Kirkpatrick said.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                             August 29, 2004 Sunday

FBI probes Pentagon leak to AIPAC

BYLINE: JANINE ZACHARIA, Matthew Gutman contributed to this report.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1086 words



HIGHLIGHT: Lead Story


WASHINGTON - The FBI is investigating whether a mid- level Pentagon official in
the Office of the Secretary of Defense passed classified material regarding
internal policy deliberations on Iran to two staffers at the American Israel
Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), who in turn then allegedly provided the
information to Israel.

CBS Evening News led its broadcast Friday night with a report that the FBI has a
"full-fledged espionage investigation underway" and that the FBI believes it has
"solid evidence" that a "suspected mole" in the Pentagon "supplied Israel with
classified materials that include secret White House policy deliberations on
Iran."

Israel immediately denied the espionage allegation.

"We deny these allegations. The United States is Israel's most cherished friend
and ally. We have a strong, ongoing, working relationship at all levels and in
no way would Israel do anything to impair this relationship," said David Siegel,
spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Washington.

The embassy described the allegations as "false and outrageous."

AIPAC, the leading pro-Israel lobby, also denied any wrongdoing. "Any allegation
of criminal conduct by AIPAC or our employees is false and baseless," AIPAC said
in a statement.

"Neither AIPAC nor any of its employees has violated any laws or rules, nor has
AIPAC or its employees ever received information they believed was secret or
classified."

"AIPAC is cooperating fully with the governmental authorities. It has provided
documents and information to the government and has made staff available for
interviews."

The investigation has been ongoing for a year, according to several news
reports. And the Pentagon, in a statement issued late Friday, said it has been
cooperating with the Department of Justice on this matter "for an extended
period of time... It is the DOD (Department of Defense's) understanding that the
investigation within the DOD is limited in its scope," it said.

The statement went on to play down the official's significance, as news
organizations speculated that Israel somehow unduly influenced US policy toward
Iran, or even Iraq, through the alleged mole.

The official, identified by sources as Larry Franklin, "did not really work on
Iraq," even though he works in the Pentagon's Near East and South Asia (NESA)
Bureau, according to an American source. Franklin, a colonel in the US Air Force
Reserve, served in the past as an attache at the US Embassy in Israel, one
source told The Jerusalem Post.

That NESA bureau is overseen by William Luti, the deputy undersecretary of
defense for Near East and South Asia Affairs. And Luti reports to Undersecretary
of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith.

"The investigation involves a single individual at DOD at the desk officer
level, who was not in a position to have significant influence over US policy.
Nor could a foreign power be in a position to influence US policy through this
individual. To the best of DOD's knowledge, the investigation does not target
any other DOD officials," the Pentagon said.

A US Embassy spokesman in Tel Aviv said: "The Embassy has no comment on this
issue."

The FBI's investigation of Larry Franklin, who is not Jewish, began not long
after it was leaked that the Pentagon's Office of Special Plans sent two Defense
officials, one of them Franklin, to Paris to meet with a dissident Iranian arms
trader in Rome.

The latter, Manucher Ghorbanifar, played a central role in the Iran-Contra
Affair - in which Israel had a major involvement - in the mid 1980s.

The purpose of the meeting with Ghorbanifar was to undermine a pending deal that
the White House had been negotiating with the Iranian government. At the time,
Iran had considered turning over five al-Qaida operatives in exchange for
Washington dropping its support for Mujahideen e-Khalq, an Iraq-based rebel
Iranian group listed as a terrorist organization by the State Department.

Franklin met Ghorbanifar through Washington's neoconservative guru Michael
Ledeen. Ghorbanifar at the time (before the invasion of Iraq), had spun the
Pentagon men with unsubstantiated allegations of Iraqi transfers of uranium to
the Iranian nuclear weapons program, according to The Nation magazine.

Franklin and a Pentagon Islam expert Harold Rhode had also played a key role in
establishing the Defense's Office of Special Plans, and feverishly pushed for an
American invasion of both Iraq and Iran, said The Nation.

One Iranian dissident living in Paris who knows Ghorbanifar, Franklin, and
Rhode, said the "Franklin Affair" is "fishy." He said that the US relies on
Israel for intelligence on Iran, and due to the "zigzagging" of US policy on
Iran, wondered what Franklin could have allegedly smuggled to Israeli officials.

The American source said Friday regarding the allegations about Franklin: "He
was irresponsible probably in mishandling classified information. That doesn't
mean he was spying for Israel."

Some news reports described what was given to AIPAC as "a sensitive report about
American policy toward Iran."

CBS described it as a presidential directive on Iran that was in the draft
phase.

CBS said the FBI investigation involved wiretaps, undercover surveillance, and
photography, that "document the passing of classified information form the mole
to the men at AIPAC, and on to the Israelis."

No one has yet be detained, though news reports said an arrest could be made as
early as next week. The Washington Post reported, however, that "it is not yet
clear whether the case will rise to the level of espionage or end up involving
lesser charges such as improper disclosure or mishandling of classified
information."

Those kinds of investigations into the mishandling of classified information are
routine in Washington. The most recent, high-profile incident has been the
investigation into whether Sandy Berger, former president Bill Clinton's
national security adviser, took classified documents on that administration's
terrorism policy rather than turning them over to the commission investigation
the September 11 attacks.

But the CBS report unleashed more damning comparisons. News stories recalled the
case of Jonathan Pollard, the former US naval intelligence officer who was
convicted of giving top-secret documents to Israel over an extended period of
time in the 1980s. Pollard is serving a life sentence.

The Pollard affair led to questioning of whether some American Jews have a dual
loyalty to Israel and has had a lasting impact on American Jews seeking jobs in
sensitive positions in US government.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: A CBS graphic suggests the passage of classified information
from an unnamed individual in the office of Under Secretary of Defense for
Policy Douglas Feith to AIPAC, which then gave it to Israel. (Credit: CBS,
Elizabeth Dalziel/AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 8, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Decision Nears on the Fate Of Ex-Los Alamos Scientist

BYLINE: By JAMES RISEN and DAVID JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section A; Page 21; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1207 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 7


The Federal authorities have intensified their deliberations about whether to
prosecute a nuclear weapons scientist at the Los Alamos National Laboratory on
charges of mishandling highly classified atomic data, government officials said
today.

A decision on whether to charge the scientist, Wen Ho Lee, is expected within
days, the officials said, after a crucial meeting held on Saturday at the White
House and attended by the administration's top security, law enforcement and
energy officials.

The participants concluded after a lengthy intelligence review that should
Attorney General Janet Reno decide to prosecute, the secrets that would probably
be divulged at a criminal trial would not irreparably damage national security.

Among those present in addition to Ms. Reno were Samuel R. Berger, President
Clinton's national security adviser; Energy Secretary Bill Richardson; Louis J.
Freeh, the director of the F.B.I.; George J. Tenet, the director of central
intelligence, and John Kelly, the top federal prosecutor in Albuquerque, who has
jurisdiction in the case.

Law-enforcement officials and Mr. Kelly have recommended going ahead with a case
against Mr. Lee, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity. Mr.
Richardson, who supports bringing a prosecution, indicated that he was prepared
to exercise his statutory authority to declassify atomic secrets likely to be
needed as evidence in the trial, the officials said. But they added that it was
Ms. Reno who must decide whether to seek an indictment and that she had not
given prosecutors final approval.

Mr. Lee, his lawyers and his supporters have repeatedly said that he has done
nothing wrong and that no one has ever been criminally charged for similar
conduct, for example, transferring classified information into a nonclassified
computer. Mark Holscher, Mr. Lee's lawyer in Los Angeles, did not return
telephone calls today.

In the past, Mr. Holscher and Mr. Lee's other supporters have said that Mr. Lee
is a loyal American who has been unfairly singled out for investigation because
of his Chinese ancestry. They say Mr. Lee is being made a scapegoat by
law-enforcement and energy officials who have been under fire by Republicans in
Congress for security lapses at the country's weapons laboratories. In a
television interview in August, Mr. Lee also said he was innocent.

The highly unusual White House meeting reflects the acute political
sensitivities and high stakes involved in a case that has become a battleground
for the administration and Republican critics who have said that Chinese
intelligence had used scientists to steal information from the weapons
laboratories that was used to vastly speed the pace of Beijing's nuclear weapons
program.

As expected, if he is charged, Mr. Lee will not be accused of espionage, the
officials said, which would require prosecutors to show that information was not
only stolen but passed to a foreign power. Prosecutors are now weighing whether
to charge Mr. Lee with a lesser crime of mishandling and failing to adequately
safeguard classified information.

The recent surge of activity in the case comes just before the expiration of the
term of a federal grand jury in Albuquerque that has been hearing evidence. The
grand jurors were to be dismissed this month, but their terms have been extended
until early January.

Mr. Lee, who worked in the nuclear weapons design area of Los Alamos, was fired
in March for security violations. By that time, he had been under investigation
for nearly three years in connection with the government's inquiry into the
suspected theft of United States nuclear secrets by China. United States
investigators believe that design information related to the most advanced
nuclear warhead in the nation's arsenal, the W-88, was obtained by China, in
part through espionage. The W-88 warhead was designed at Los Alamos.

After Mr. Lee was fired, investigators found evidence that he had transferred
vast amounts of secret nuclear data from the classified system at Los Alamos
into an unclassified system. In a televised interview, Mr. Lee acknowledged that
he transferred the data, but said he did so to protect the material from being
lost in computer crashes.

Since the investigation into Mr. Lee became public, a furious debate has erupted
over whether the inquiry was properly handled by the Energy Department and the
F.B.I. Subsequently, F.B.I. officials said that the initial inquiry into the
evidence of Chinese atomic espionage was flawed, and other current and former
government officials argued that investigators had focused prematurely on Mr.
Lee without first determining how widely accessible the information on the W-88
warhead had been at the time officials concluded the Chinese obtained it.
Asian-American groups rallied to Mr. Lee's cause, saying he was the victim of
racial stereotyping.

In September, Ms. Reno and Mr. Freeh ordered federal agents to go back to square
one and broaden their investigation into the evidence of China's theft of W-88
secrets, moving beyond Los Alamos to look at other labs and defense contractors
that may have had access to the data.

But even as that broader inquiry into evidence of Chinese espionage is
continuing, the government has been moving forward in its investigation of Mr.
Lee over accusations of unauthorized computer transfers of nuclear secrets.

In addition to the unauthorized transfers of nuclear data into an unclassified
computer system at Los Alamos, government investigators now believe that Mr. Lee
also copied the nuclear secrets onto computer tapes and took those tapes out of
the lab, officials said. The F.B.I. cannot account for those missing computer
tapes, officials said. Officials have no evidence that the tapes have been
handed over to any other unauthorized individuals, however.

The discovery that the computer tapes are missing appears to have convinced
government officials that the evidence against Mr. Lee may be more serious than
initially believed. Stephen Younger, associate laboratory director for nuclear
weapons, who oversees the division where Mr. Lee worked, has completed a highly
classified analysis of Mr. Lee's computer activities showing that the potential
damage to national security could be extensive, officials said.

If he is charged in the computer downloading case, Mr. Lee's lawyers appear
likely to respond by saying that he is the victim of selective prosecution for
relatively common practices. The former C.I.A. director John Deutch, for
example, who was investigated by the intelligence agency's inspector general for
improperly handling classified information on his computer, had his security
clearance stripped this year, but was not charged with a crime.

But Los Alamos officials have said that they disagree with Mr. Lee's assertions
that his computer activities were routine.

John Browne, the director of Los Alamos, said in an interview in August: "We
have no evidence that anyone has ever done anything like this before at Los
Alamos, and we have looked. I have no doubt that he violated Los Alamos security
regulations, and I have no doubt that he deserved to be terminated. We have
fired people for much less."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 7, 1977, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Funds for 'Incompetent' Lawyers;
Study Assails Some Layers paid By U.S. to Defend Poor;
D.C. Bar Assails Group Paid to Defend Poor

BYLINE: By Stuart Auerbach, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 626 words


One man spent two weeks in jail because his attorney failed to tell him his bail
had been lowered.  Another was indicted on two felony counts because he couldn't
reach his lawyer to find out if he should plead guilty to lesser charges.

These and other cases were cited in a District of Columbia Bar report as
examples of "substandard performance" by attorneys paid with federal Criminal
Justice Act funds to represent indigent defendants in D.C. Superior Court.

"Unfortunately, a disproportionate share of CJA cases has in the past been
assigned to a small group of regular CJA practitioners who are chronically
unprofessional," the report said.

"We believe that steps should be taken to remove such attorneys from the list of
those eligible for CJA appointments," it continued.

This would remove these lawyers, who do little else but handle cases paid by CJA
funds, from their major source of income.  Known informally as "the Fifth Street
Bar" because of the court's location, these lawyers often have no offices, law
library or telephones.  They spend their time in the courthouse, which is often
the only place where clients can reach them.

While the problem of inferior representation by some of the Superior Court's
regular lawyers had been well recognized in legal circles here, this is the
first time the bar has taken such a strong step toward reform.

The report by a special committee investigating complaints of substandard legal
practices in Superior Court has been accepted by the D.C. Bar's board of
governors, which makes it official bar association policy.

The bar called on its disciplinary board to investigate promptly complaints
against lawyers praticing in Superior Court.  At present, the disciplinary board
refuses to act unless an attorney quits or is removed from the case by a judge
or until the case being tried is decided.

The bar also asked Superior Court judges to name a new lawyer to replace one who
has been accused of mishandling a case.

Judges now refuse to replace attorneys who have merely been accused of
mishandling cases.

The Bar also asked that the D.C. Court of Appeals, which is in charge of legal
discipline, should allow the bar association's disciplinary committee to order
lawyer's names to be removed from the list of those eligible for CJA funds if
they practice in a substandard manner.

The report said there are 11 Superior Court regulars "frequently mentioned by
judges and attorneys as being either incompetent, uninterested, overloaded with
cases or all three."

At present, the only limit on a lawyer's assignment to CJA cases is his income;
he cannot earn more than 27,000 in CJA funds in one year.

"We believe that the problem of substandard performance by court-appointed
attorneys is one which has been created in substantial part by the tolerance of
such conduct for more than a decade," the report said.

The committee was headed by Peter H. Wolf, a former member of the "Fifth Street
Bar."

The committee acknowledged that it is hard to second guess a lawyer's strategy
on cross-examination, but "there is no difficulty in stating that an attorney
who permits his client to remain in prison for two months merely because he or
she lacks the initiative to confirm the client's address and employment has not
performed at the level of professional service required by the court."

The D.C. Bar report is one of a series of documents criticizing lawyers who
regularly practice at Superior Court.  The examples came from a February report
to judges and the bar by groups working in the courts and jails.  Two years ago,
a 125-page, 27,750 study ordered by the District's federal judges came to the
same conclusions about the quality of legal representation by CJA lawyers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

$230,000 error may cost bank $30 million: Jury agrees with sisters that Wells
Fargo mishandled father's accounts

BYLINE: Gabe Semenza, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


Aug. 10--BANK ERROR IN YOUR FAVOR -- collect $30 million. Those words, passed
down this week by a Victoria jury, temporarily end a five-year legal battle
between two determined sisters and Wells Fargo Bank.

Victoria's Jeanne Crocker Welton and Round Rock's Susan Crocker sued Wells Fargo
for mishandling their late father's bank accounts. They claimed, among things,
the mishandling was malicious and included forgery.

The sisters said they wanted to send the bank this message: Operate with
integrity and don't cheat people out of money.

"They took the wrong road, and now they're going to pay for it," Susan Crocker,
63, said.

Helen Bow, a Houston-based Wells Fargo spokeswoman, said the bank is
disappointed with the verdict.

"We maintain that we acted appropriately and will pursue all avenues to correct
this decision and right this erroneous verdict," she said.

In 2000, the sisters' father, John Crocker, an established Victoria businessman,
sought to open two bank accounts -- one separate account and one joint account
with his second wife. The joint account was to provide that, if either died, the
living spouse was to own the account.

A Wells Fargo trust officer delivered the two account documents to Crocker's
home. Crocker signed the separate account document. Still needing the
temporarily absent wife's signature, the trust officer left Crocker with the
joint account document.

When Crocker died in 2001, his bank file lacked that joint account document.

"That began what we believe, and the jury agreed, was a cover-up by the bank,"
said Jonathan Yedor, one of two San Antonio attorneys to represent the sisters.

By not having the joint account document signed, half of the $460,000, or
$230,000, in Crocker's account would have legally gone to his daughters. The
wife could have sued the bank because it was all intended for her.

"The bank officer panicked," Yedor said, suggesting the officer then forged a
joint account document.

The officer copied Crocker's signed separate account agreement and hand-scrawled
the wife's name to its top to make it appear as if it was a joint account
agreement, and included it in Crocker's file.

Then on the original separate account document, the bank officer handwrote,
"This is a Separate Property Account."

When the bank told the sisters all the money in that account went to Crocker's
second wife, they asked to see the documentation, said Chris Heinrichs, another
of the sisters' attorneys.

"They wanted to see it, and they had to wait eight months," Heinrichs said.

When the sisters finally received the document, and noticed the scrawls, they
requested an explanation.

"They could tell something was wrong. Banks don't operate like that," Heinrichs
said. "They couldn't get answers so we filed suit."

During the last five years the trust officer changed his story regularly, Yedor
said, and it was revealed other bank officers partook in the cover-up.

"They thought they'd bully us enough that we'd just go away. It just shows their
arrogance," said Jeanne Welton Crocker.

Heinrichs said they asked for $47 million in punitive damages -- one-tenth of 1
percent of the bank's $47 billion net worth. The jury awarded $30 million.

"I don't think it's too much because the whole idea was to send a message to the
bank that it cannot forge documents and will never deal with anybody like this
again," Heinrichs said.

The sisters will next file for the monetary judgment. If the bank doesn't file
any post-trial motions, the sisters will simply receive the $30 million.

But they think the bank will appeal the decision, which could force another
five-year struggle to collect the money.

"It's really important to get this information out," Susan Crocker said. "We
don't want anybody -- our children, our grandchildren, anybody -- to go through
what we did."

Michael Welton, Jeanne's husband, said, "They never gave up. They battled and
battled and battled. And the bank just lied and lied and lied, and each time it
cost them more money." Gabe Semenza is a reporter for the Advocate. Contact him
at 361-580-6519 or gsemenza@vicad.com, or comment on this story here.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070810-VI-230,000-error-may-cost-bank-30-million-0810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2007 Victoria Advocate


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

San Jose school district superintendent resigns suddenly; ex-chief put in charge

BYLINE: By Sharon Noguchi snoguchi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 930 words


SAN JOSE -- Richard Rodriguez, who has been serving as an unpaid consultant and
contract negotiator for the tiny Luther Burbank School District, has taken over
as interim leader after the sudden and puzzling resignation of its
superintendent last week.

Jan Kaay, who had led the district for nearly three years, resigned April 30, in
the middle of the district's spring break. At a special meeting that day, with
hardly anyone except trustees present, the board appointed Rodriguez, 63, as its
temporary chief.

It is the third time in less than six years that the one-school district has
abruptly changed chiefs midyear.

Kaay's letter said she was resigning voluntarily but did not mention the reason
nor future plans. "I am thankful for the opportunity I have had to work with the
dedicated administrators, teachers and staff of Luther Burbank School," she
wrote. She could not be reached for comment.

Board President Lorraine Garza said the board didn't have any problems with
Kaay. "There's a lot of people who are going to miss her. She's a very, very
good person."

During Kaay's tenure, the district has been largely free of the turmoil that
afflicted it for at least a decade. Santa Clara County civil grand juries have
slammed the school board for conflicts of interest, intimidating employees and
mishandling and wasting funds. A previous board ousted Rodriguez while he was
traveling in 2008. He later recruited and campaigned for three board candidates.
After they won seats in 2010, they booted out the superintendent and installed
Rodriguez temporarily.

The next spring, the grand jury criticized Rodriguez for being overly
influential as a consultant.

He was succeeded by Kaay, whom he had recommended to the board, in July 2011.

For several months, the board has been meeting in closed session to discuss
Kaay's evaluation. Rodriguez has sat in on board closed sessions.

"There have been mixed messages to the staff about who is in charge," said
teacher Fran Heller, who is bargaining chairwoman for the teachers union.

Rodriguez's January 2011 contract with the district calls for him to recommend a
board attorney and to advise, perform duties and make recommendations to the
board -- all for free, as a "charitable contribution." The contract allows for
him to be paid for mileage to San Jose from his Gilroy home.

Rodriguez began his teaching career in Luther Burbank shortly after college,
then was named superintendent in 2001.

The 108-year-old district serves about 600 mostly poor and immigrant children
from preschool through eighth grade. It covers the unincorporated Burbank
neighborhood, near the interchange of interstates 280 and 880.

Several months ago the board designated Rodriguez, along with its attorney,
Richard Noack, as its representatives to negotiate with the teachers union over
a new contract. Shortly after the sides settled, the union filed a grievance and
an unfair labor practices complaint, alleging that the district unilaterally
sought to change the salary schedule by claiming a clerical error more than a
decade ago.

"We don't believe you can make a clerical error for 14 years," Heller said.

With Kaay's sudden departure, Rodriguez said, "I'm having to fly by the seat of
my pants right now. It's kind of difficult to walk into somebody's shoes and try
to pick up where they left off, when there's no information and no notes."

The board meets Tuesday to vote on Rodriguez's contract. He said he will be paid
more than his previous stint as interim superintendent, when he made $670 per
day.

On Monday he issued a letter to preschool staff banning "unauthorized family
members on campus," cellphone use in the classroom and adults chatting with each
other during recess and threatening to write up those who violate those edicts.

"I don't have a lot of time to be monitoring you as a staff," he wrote in a
staff memo on Friday, "but if you have to be monitored both Lupe, my
administrative assistant, (and) I will do so and you will be written up for any
infractions of these rules."

Rodriguez said a top priority now is to find a permanent superintendent, a task
he may take on himself. "I don't think we need to hire a professional search
firm for a one-school district," he said, citing the "exorbitant" expense.
"Probably there's not going to be a lot of community involvement or staff
involvement."

Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775. Follow her at Twitter.com/NoguchiOnK12
.Luther Burbank School District history
February 2008 -- Audit raises concerns about expenditures
November 2008 -- Board pays $202,218 to buy out contract of seven-year
Superintendent Richard Rodriguez
2009 -- District pays Fernando Elizondo $240,000 to serve as interim
superintendent for less than a year. Rodriguez and laid-off administrative
assistant Lupe Ruiz sue district
June 2009 -- Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury blasts board for alleged
conflicts of interest, intimidating employees, violating open-meeting laws,
mishandling duties
September 2009 -- Board hires Becky Cohn-Vargas as superintendent, pays Elizondo
$50,000 to mentor her
November 2010 -- Three Rodriguez-recruited candidates win school board seats
February 2011 -- Ex-trustee Antonio Perez pleads no-contest to violating
conflict-of-interest laws
March 2011 -- Board ousts Cohn-Vargas and pays $160,000 to buy out her contract;
installs Rodriguez as interim leader
June 2011 -- Grand Jury alleges mismanagement and wasteful spending over the
years, including $900,000 on consultants and buyouts, calls for a merger with
neighboring school district
July 2011 -- Board names Jan Kaay superintendent

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

San Jose school district superintendent resigns suddenly; ex-chief put in charge

BYLINE: By Sharon Noguchi snoguchi@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Education; News; Local

LENGTH: 930 words


SAN JOSE -- Richard Rodriguez, who has been serving as an unpaid consultant and
contract negotiator for the tiny Luther Burbank School District, has taken over
as interim leader after the sudden and puzzling resignation of its
superintendent last week.

Jan Kaay, who had led the district for nearly three years, resigned April 30, in
the middle of the district's spring break. At a special meeting that day, with
hardly anyone except trustees present, the board appointed Rodriguez, 63, as its
temporary chief.

It is the third time in less than six years that the one-school district has
abruptly changed chiefs midyear.

Kaay's letter said she was resigning voluntarily but did not mention the reason
nor future plans. "I am thankful for the opportunity I have had to work with the
dedicated administrators, teachers and staff of Luther Burbank School," she
wrote. She could not be reached for comment.

Board President Lorraine Garza said the board didn't have any problems with
Kaay. "There's a lot of people who are going to miss her. She's a very, very
good person."

During Kaay's tenure, the district has been largely free of the turmoil that
afflicted it for at least a decade. Santa Clara County civil grand juries have
slammed the school board for conflicts of interest, intimidating employees and
mishandling and wasting funds. A previous board ousted Rodriguez while he was
traveling in 2008. He later recruited and campaigned for three board candidates.
After they won seats in 2010, they booted out the superintendent and installed
Rodriguez temporarily.

The next spring, the grand jury criticized Rodriguez for being overly
influential as a consultant.

He was succeeded by Kaay, whom he had recommended to the board, in July 2011.

For several months, the board has been meeting in closed session to discuss
Kaay's evaluation. Rodriguez has sat in on board closed sessions.

"There have been mixed messages to the staff about who is in charge," said
teacher Fran Heller, who is bargaining chairwoman for the teachers union.

Rodriguez's January 2011 contract with the district calls for him to recommend a
board attorney and to advise, perform duties and make recommendations to the
board -- all for free, as a "charitable contribution." The contract allows for
him to be paid for mileage to San Jose from his Gilroy home.

Rodriguez began his teaching career in Luther Burbank shortly after college,
then was named superintendent in 2001.

The 108-year-old district serves about 600 mostly poor and immigrant children
from preschool through eighth grade. It covers the unincorporated Burbank
neighborhood, near the interchange of interstates 280 and 880.

Several months ago the board designated Rodriguez, along with its attorney,
Richard Noack, as its representatives to negotiate with the teachers union over
a new contract. Shortly after the sides settled, the union filed a grievance and
an unfair labor practices complaint, alleging that the district unilaterally
sought to change the salary schedule by claiming a clerical error more than a
decade ago.

"We don't believe you can make a clerical error for 14 years," Heller said.

With Kaay's sudden departure, Rodriguez said, "I'm having to fly by the seat of
my pants right now. It's kind of difficult to walk into somebody's shoes and try
to pick up where they left off, when there's no information and no notes."

The board meets Tuesday to vote on Rodriguez's contract. He said he will be paid
more than his previous stint as interim superintendent, when he made $670 per
day.

On Monday he issued a letter to preschool staff banning "unauthorized family
members on campus," cellphone use in the classroom and adults chatting with each
other during recess and threatening to write up those who violate those edicts.

"I don't have a lot of time to be monitoring you as a staff," he wrote in a
staff memo on Friday, "but if you have to be monitored both Lupe, my
administrative assistant, (and) I will do so and you will be written up for any
infractions of these rules."

Rodriguez said a top priority now is to find a permanent superintendent, a task
he may take on himself. "I don't think we need to hire a professional search
firm for a one-school district," he said, citing the "exorbitant" expense.
"Probably there's not going to be a lot of community involvement or staff
involvement."

Contact Sharon Noguchi at 408-271-3775. Follow her at Twitter.com/NoguchiOnK12 .

Luther Burbank School District history

February 2008 -- Audit raises concerns about expenditures
November 2008 -- Board pays $202,218 to buy out contract of seven-year
Superintendent Richard Rodriguez
2009 -- District pays Fernando Elizondo $240,000 to serve as interim
superintendent for less than a year. Rodriguez and laid-off administrative
assistant Lupe Ruiz sue district
June 2009 -- Santa Clara County Civil Grand Jury blasts board for alleged
conflicts of interest, intimidating employees, violating open-meeting laws,
mishandling duties
September 2009 -- Board hires Becky Cohn-Vargas as superintendent, pays Elizondo
$50,000 to mentor her
November 2010 -- Three Rodriguez-recruited candidates win school board seats
February 2011 -- Ex-trustee Antonio Perez pleads no-contest to violating
conflict-of-interest laws
March 2011 -- Board ousts Cohn-Vargas and pays $160,000 to buy out her contract;
installs Rodriguez as interim leader
June 2011 -- Grand Jury alleges mismanagement and wasteful spending over the
years, including $900,000 on consultants and buyouts, calls for a merger with
neighboring school district
July 2011 -- Board names Jan Kaay superintendent

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: former Luther Burbank Elementary School District Superintendent Richard
Rodriguez. Trustees bought out Rodriguez's contract at a special school board
meeting Nov. 7, 2008. He had been superintendent since 2001, and with the
district for his entire 36-year career.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Murder case rises from the ashes; Former Durham DA may benefit as appeals court
reinstates murder charge against man who carried bones in a backpack

BYLINE: Phillip Bantz

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1168  words


By reinstating a murder case built on evidence now reduced to ashes, the North
Carolina Court of Appeals might have bolstered the cause of an ousted former top
prosecutor struggling to resurrect her career.

The court's decision hinged on a Catch-22 situation which required Michael
Dorman II to prove that a bag of bones believed to belong to a woman he's
accused of blasting in the head with a shotgun would have benefitted his case,
despite the fact that prosecutors cremated most of the evidence.

Dorman failed to meet that difficult burden, leading the court to reverse a
trial judge's ruling that the state had irreparably harmed Dorman's ability to
defend himself when it destroyed the bones.

The unanimous Feb. 19 ruling stated that it was "speculative to evaluate to what
degree, if at all, those bones would have been material and favorable to
[Dorman's] defense. "

Noting that the state still had a few bone fragments that Dorman could test to
determine whether the remains did, in fact, belong to the victim, the appellate
court concluded that Superior Court Judge Orland F. Hudson Jr. acted prematurely
when he dismissed the state's case.

This was the second time in the last five months that the court has corrected
Hudson for wrongly tossing a murder case. In September, the court reversed
Hudson's order freeing Derrick Michael Allen from jail, where he was serving a
43-year sentence for sexually assaulting and killing a 2-year-old girl.

In both the Dorman and Allen cases, Hudson had been highly critical of
then-Durham District Attorney Tracey Cline, accusing her office of violating the
defendants' rights by deliberately mishandling or withholding evidence. Cline
was removed from her post after she publicly criticized Hudson. Now she hopes to
convince the Court of Appeals to overturn her Superior Court-ordered ouster for
malicious and reckless conduct.

One of her attorneys, Patrick Mincey of Cranfill, Sumner & Hartzog in
Wilmington, wrote in an email that the appellate court's "decision to again
overturn the trial court's orders appears to be another instance which helps to
define a cascading series of events and the underlying circumstances in which
Ms. Cline so famously spoke out. "

"The Court of Appeals has now entirely rebuked the trial court's explicit and
factual assertion either she or her office violated those defendants' rights,"
he added. "I believe that speaks to her alleged malice. I believe that precludes
the affiant's ability to meet its burden to show malice. "

Cline's other attorney, James Van Camp of Van Camp, Meacham & Newman in
Wilmington, echoed Mincey, calling the Dorman decision "evidence that basically
shows that what she was saying [about Hudson] is not malicious. " He expected
the Court of Appeals to issue a decision on her removal in the next few months.

Meanwhile, Dorman's attorneys, Ann B. Petersen and James R. Glover of Chapel
Hill, will ask the state Supreme Court to review the reversal of Hudson's
dismissal order. They declined to discuss the appellate decision, as did the
attorney general's office. Hudson did not respond to an interview request.

Even if Hudson was correct in asserting that prosecutors and police
intentionally withheld evidence from Dorman, their actions would not have been
egregious enough to support dismissal under state law, according to the
appellate court.

Judge Robert N. Hunter Jr. wrote that "dismissal ... is not appropriate in every
case in which there has been a flagrant constitutional violation. The violation
must have also caused 'such irreparable prejudice to the defendant's preparation
of his case that there is no remedy but to dismiss the prosecution. '"

'Where's the evidence?'

Dorman's case has been sent back to the trial court, which may still levy
sanctions against the state for cremating the bones, said Charlotte criminal
defense lawyer George V. Laughrun IV of Goodman, Carr, Laughrun, Levine &
Greene.

"This doesn't mean the state's out of the woods. They're going to have the trial
judge make other findings of fact and find a remedy that's less severe than
dismissal," he said. "It still gives you plenty of room to argue for other
sanctions beyond dismissal. "

Laughrun, who has no involvement in the Dorman or Allen cases, has persuaded
judges in the past to punish prosecutors for losing police video of drunken
driving arrests. But he's only been successful when the defendant refused a
breathalyzer and the case came down to field sobriety tests that would have been
captured on the missing video.

"You just have to show that without the evidence a different result would have
been reached," Laughrun said.

He added that judges sometimes punish the prosecution for mishandling evidence
by letting the defense deliver the last closing argument - the state always has
the final word, unless the defense did not present any evidence. And even if the
court declines sanctions, Laughrun said missing pieces in the prosecution's case
give the defense plenty of leverage at trial.

"Where's the evidence?" he said as if addressing a jury. "Well, your state
destroyed it without letting us see it. "

Court skirts victim group's argument

While the Court of Appeals reinstated the murder case against Michael Dorman II,
it sidestepped a victim advocate group's argument that the trial court had
wrongly labeled it as a prosecutorial agency.

The North Carolina Victim Compensation Services board reimburses crime victims
for burial expenses, medical costs or lost wages. In this case, it paid for the
cremation of the victim's bones.

In his order dismissing the murder charge against Dorman, Superior Court Judge
Orlando F. Hudson Jr. asserted that the board had acted in concert with
prosecutors and police to destroy evidence and violate Dorman's rights.

His characterization of the board as an arm of the prosecution was "improper and
inaccurate" and could have a chilling effect on those who need help, the
National Crime Victim Law Institute and National Association of Crime Victim
Boards argued in an amicus brief.

If the board was a prosecutorial agency it would have to turn over confidential
information about victims to prosecutors and they would have to share it with
the defense, said Margaret A. Garvin, executive director of the National Crime
Victim Law Institute at the Lewis & Clark Law School in Portland, Ore.

Hudson also had said that the board shouldn't have reimbursed the victim's
family for cremation until after Dorman's case was resolved. If that were true,
some victims would have to wait years before they received compensation, Garvin
said. She was disappointed that the appellate court avoided addressing her
concerns in its decision.

"The lower court got it so far wrong that we wish the appellate court had talked
about it," she said. "No other court should follow what the trial court did. We
hope it's an aberration. "



<a href="http://www.nclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 10, 2016 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

THE ARTFUL ROGER Love him (the owners) or hate him (just about everyone else),
Goodell has guided NFL into sports' great empire

BYLINE: BY GARY MYERS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 3892 words


Roger Goodell was waiting all afternoon in his hotel room in the suburbs of
Chicago for a knock on his door.

The minutes went by as fast as it takes to explain the NFL's catch rule.

What could be taking so long?

Downstairs in a ballroom, the 32 NFL owners were voting on a new commissioner to
succeed Paul Tagliabue. It was Aug. 8, 2006. They were making Goodell, the
executive vice president and chief operating office at the time, sweat it out.
This was no rubber stamp.

Goodell was the prohibitive favorite among the five finalists to receive the
required 22 votes, but after two ballots he had just 15, the league's principal
outside counsel Gregg Levy had 13 and three outside candidates combined for
three and were eliminated from the process. Of course, Raiders owner Al Davis
abstained. Finally, on the fifth ballot, Goodell received 23 votes and then
Tagliabue encouraged the owners to make it unanimous in a show of solidarity and
even Davis joined in to make it 32-0.

Steelers owner Dan Rooney, who pretty much had been Goodell's campaign manager,
then walked to the elevator to take the ride up to Goodell's room. Goodell was
Tagliabue's right hand man and point man on so many crucial issues but seriously
considered quitting the NFL - he started as a three-month public relations
intern in 1982 and never left - if he lost out on the commissioner's job. He had
already been approached about other opportunities.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

Goodell went to open the door.

"Thankfully, I just put my pants on," Goodell joked back then.

As he walked into the ballroom downstairs with Rooney, he received a standing
ovation as he shook hands - there were no babies to kiss - showing the political
chops he learned well from his late father Charles, who had been a congressman
in upstate New York when he was appointed United States Senator by Gov.
Rockefeller after Robert Kennedy was assassinated in 1968.

Thus began what has been the most profitable and popular but also the most
tumultuous and controversial 10 years in NFL history:

On the plus side: Goodell inherited a business with $6 billion annual revenues
in 2006 and has grown that into what's projected to be right around $14 billion
in 2016 with a goal of $25 billion by 2027; ensured no work stoppages with a
10-year labor deal in 2011 through the 2020 season; influenced rule changes to
make the game safer; made gains to help care for former players; pushed for
technological advances to allow the game to be more accessible and enjoyable for
fans.

"He took a dysfunctional labor situation and added certainty," said Marc Ganis,
the president of Sports Corp. Ltd, a consultant for many of the league's
business and stadium projects. "It's the certainty that games will take place
for 10 years, which is a lifetime. It's the only certainty important to the
fans."

But it hasn't all been wine and roses. There have been several troubling issues
and controversial decisions that have turned into crater-sized potholes in
Goodell's decade in office from concussions and CTE denials to suicides by
former players mentally impaired by playing football, including Hall of Famer
Junior Seau. There's been mishandling of domestic violence incidents and his
questionable handling of Spygate, Bountygate and Deflategate. And the fact that
too many players just don't trust him.

"It's pretty obvious from the players' perspective there is really not much of a
relationship between the commissioner and the players," Damien Woody, an
offensive lineman who played from 1999-2010 in the NFL, the last three with the
Jets, told the Daily News. "The biggest problem is the lack of transparency,
consistency, he's just very combative. The relationship is very contentious.
He's done a great job as far as the owners are concerned growing the game -
renegotiating the CBA to be more in line with what the owners want. And he's
made a lot of money. He's basically a piñata for the owners. He takes a public
bashing so the owners don't have to."

Goodell turned down a request to be interviewed for the Daily News' 10-year
anniversary series on his commissionership.

"That's not where my focus is," he said.

He was caught off guard when some of his top staffers threw him a little
surprise party on Sept. 1 in a conference room at the league's 345 Park Avenue
headquarters to commemorate the day he succeeded Tagliabue just before the 2006
season opened.

So, as Ed Koch used to say, "How am I doin'?"

Well, it depends on whom you ask.

Almost all the owners - his bosses - love him. He has more than doubled the
league's revenue. The league's media deals, including the network television
contracts, bring in $7 billion per year. He helped put a team back in Los
Angeles, the nation's second largest market, with the return of the Rams this
year from St. Louis, more than 20 years after they and the Raiders both left.
Goodell oversaw a process that ultimately charged Rams owner Stan Kroenke a $550
million relocation fee, allowing him to move forward with his plans to build a
$2.6 billion stadium on the grounds of the old Hollywood Park racetrack with
space, of course, for the NFL Network. It is scheduled to open in 2019.

He has made wealthy men wealthier while becoming an incredibly wealthy man
himself. He now pulls in around $35 million-$40 million per year, depending on
the year, more than enough for a good pair of noise-cancelling headphones to
drown out the boos he receives at the draft every year.

The marching order he gave himself 10 years ago was to protect the shield, the
symbol of the NFL.

Along the way, he has become perhaps the most unpopular commissioner among fans
and players in the history of sports. As soon as he is spotted on the stage to
open the draft, whether in New York the last few years it was held at Radio
City, or the last two years in Chicago and certainly next year in Philadelphia -
the booing capital of the world - he hears it worse than Bryce Harper at Citi
Field.

Giants co-owner John Mara, who is a Goodell confidante, calls it a "little
unsettling" to see the face of their league treated so rudely.

"I don't like seeing him getting booed at the draft or anywhere else he goes,"
he said. 'He's got thick skin and deals with it pretty well. I don't think any
of us particularly like that. Then when we look at the job he's doing -
long-term labor deal, long-term television contracts, interest in our game is as
strong as it's ever been - he's been the leader through all of that. We all
accept the fact that he may be unpopular with certain segments of the public.
But he's doing the job he was hired to do."

Even so, through the first month of the season, the NFL's immense popularity
took the first major hit of the Goodell era. Television ratings of the four
networks broadcasting games were down an astounding 11%. Why? The league is
scrambling for answers. The must-watch presidential election season is the most
popular theory. Also, for the first time since Peyton Manning came into the NFL
in 1998, and Tom Brady became a starter early in the 2001 season, neither were
on the field. Manning retired in March and Brady was suspended the first four
games. That's a lot of star power sitting at home. Has the league reached the
point of oversaturating the market with games on Sunday and also Monday and
Thursday nights? In addition, there's the possibility of viewer backlash from
the national anthem protests started this summer by 49ers backup quarterback
Colin Kaepernick. The decrease in the television numbers must concern Goodell
and the owners because the networks and advertisers who invest so much money in
the product are not getting the viewership they anticipated.

Goodell has an image problem, for sure. He recently hired Joe Lockhart, who was
the press secretary during part of Bill Clinton's presidential administration,
to help carve out a new narrative. He has admitted mistakes: Initially giving
Ray Rice just a two-game suspension for domestic violence. He has refused to
admit others: Giving Brady a four-game suspension for Deflategate after spending
$5 million on the Wells Report. A league attorney later admitted in court the
NFL had no concrete evidence that Brady either knew about or ordered the
deflation of footballs in the 2015 AFC Championship Game.

"I think he's done an excellent job as commissioner," Mara said. "It's a very
difficult job. Every decision that you make is scrutinized a thousand times
over. He's certainly had some missteps along the way. He would be the first one
to admit that, but if you ask the 32 owners in the league to evaluate his
performance, I think he would get very high grades. We're hoping he stays on for
as long as he wants."

Goodell's contract expires in March of 2019. That's two more seasons after this
one and one season before the labor deal expires. It would not be all that
surprising if he tries to get a labor extension done with the NFLPA prior to the
expiration of his contract and then decides to leave the NFL and retreat to his
home in Bronxville to contemplate his next move. He is 57 years old.

If Goodell elects to move on, here's one name to keep in mind as his successor:
Brian Rolapp, a Harvard Business School graduate whom Goodell named president
and CEO of the NFL Network and executive vice president-media in 2014. He joined
the NFL from NBC in 2003.

***

Drew Brees and Goodell were roommates on a USO tour visiting troops in Iraq and
Afghanistan in 2008. They became good friends and hugged whenever they saw each
other. When Brees won the Super Bowl MVP by defeating the Colts following the
2009 season, Goodell looked like a proud papa.

Now, as they say, don't invite them to the same dinner party.

Brees, along with Brady and Peyton Manning, were among the 10 named plaintiffs
in the antitrust lawsuit against the NFL after owners locked them out in the
offseason in 2011. After the '11 season, the Bountygate story broke and Brees'
mentor and coach Sean Payton was suspended by Goodell for the entire 2012
season, wasting a year of Brees' career.

Brees has been very critical of the way Goodell has handled disciplining
players.

"Too many times, I'd say especially over the last few years, a punishment has
been handed down and nobody has really seen the evidence except for those in the
league office - supposedly," Brees said during the Ray Rice scandal two years
ago. "So decisions were made in kind of a, 'Hey, trust us.' But did the public
see any of the facts? Did the accused see any of the facts? In most cases, no."

Tagliabue, brought into the Bountygate case by Goodell to hear the appeals,
overturned the player suspensions, but backed up the investigation's finding of
wrongdoing, that the Saints had been targeting players.

So many players have taken shots at Goodell over the last few years you actually
need a scorecard and roster to keep track. Brees is the most visible and
respected, making anti-Goodell comments only because Brady has resisted any urge
and refrained from criticizing the commissioner.

Brady's father, however, found it difficult to restrain himself. He actually
called a Bay Area radio station last September to admonish a host who had called
his son a liar two days after a judge in New York overturned Brady's suspension.

"The only person that's testified under oath in this is Tom Brady," Brady Sr.
said. "We know Goodell is lying. He lied in the Ray Rice case, he lied in this
case, he lied in the Adrian Peterson case. How many times do you need to know
this guy is a flaming liar?"

Brady, the quarterback, put Brady, the father, on notice shortly after he made
some emotional comments when the Wells Report came out in May of 2015, and then
again issued a friendly gag order after calling Goodell out on the radio.

"Dad," he said. "You're not doing me any favors."

Consider some memorable comments from Goodell's Grumpy Gang.

"If that man was on fire and I had to piss to put him out, I wouldn't. I hate
him and will never respect him."-Steelers linebacker James Harrison, 2011

"DO NOT SERVE THIS MAN.'' - Sign with picture of Goodell on the door of a Miami
restaurant owned by Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma, who was initially
suspended for the entire 2012 season in the Bountygate scandal.

"I want a new commissioner to lead my league. I want a new commissioner to go
out there and say the things and be that leader because right now Roger Goodell
is not that and I don't think he can ever be that."-Former Patriots linebacker
Tedy Bruschi in 2014 after Goodell held a news conference about Rice.

When Goodell took the job, he considered himself player-friendly. He was more
personable than Tagliabue and more like his hero, Pete Rozelle. He still hands
out bro hugs to players when they come on stage after they are selected in the
draft even if the next time he sees them might be in his office - not unlike
getting called to the principal's office - being informed how many games he's
suspending them. Earlier in his tenure, Goodell showed a more compassionate and
softer side. That has dissipated over the years as the issues have mounted.

"I think to a large extent the Goodell the public sees is not the real Roger
Goodell," Mara said. "His demeanor at press conferences comes across as being a
little pompous or a little arrogant and that's just not who he is."

Woody has spent time with Goodell and likes him personally. He just has issues
with how he's gone about his business. Woody played with Brady, but didn't
defend him in Deflategate. Brady destroying his cellphone was among the things
that convinced Woody that Brady was not innocent. But he thought the
investigation was "sloppy" and the punishment was severe and without a good
explanation.

"Four games for that?" Woody said. "I understand you want to suspend him a game,
maybe two. But four games? That's a quarter of your season."

Or two more games than Goodell initially gave Rice for knocking his then-fiancé
unconscious in an Atlantic City elevator.

Is the vitriol directed at Goodell fair?

He didn't create the concussion problem. He inherited it from Tagliabue and
before him Rozelle and before him Bert Bell. Was the NFL slow to react to
recognizing the connection between concussions, head injuries and the long-term
well-being of its players? Was the league and teams not forthcoming with players
about the dangers of head trauma and the potential impact on their post-football
quality of life?

Absolutely.

Goodell has put a premium on health and safety and has enacted a laundry list of
rule changes, but this is a violent collision sport played by huge, fast men
with bad intentions. The issue is the NFL was in denial for so long and employed
doctors as their medical advisors for too long who downplayed concussions that
the league can't shake the image of being uncaring. Imagine Wayne Chrebet was
put back into a 2003 game against the Giants after he had already suffered a
concussion? He returned to the field in a game in Dallas after taking a hit to
the head in 1999 and being able to see with only one eye.

Twice in his career Chrebet suffered concussions on consecutive weekends and
never thought twice about returning to the game. Nobody stopped him, either.
That all happened before Goodell was running the NFL, although he was a
high-level executive. The concussion protocols put in place the last few years
by Goodell would have prevented Chrebet from going back in until he was cleared.
The league announced in July teams can be disciplined with fines and a loss of
draft picks if they don't follow concussion protocol.

The last concussion of Chrebet's career ended it at the age of 32 in a 2005 game
against the Chargers.

Like Woody, Chrebet has a good relationship with Goodell. Unlike Woody, he's had
a tough time from the after-effects of concussions following his retirement and
now speaks much more deliberately than he did in the locker room. He's had some
memory issues but doesn't blame the NFL.

"When you play football, you know what you are doing," Chrebet said in a 2013
interview with the Daily News. "It's a violent game. It's controlled violence.
If you don't want to get hit, don't play football."

Woody, a tackle for the Jets, played at 327 pounds, said he had two documented
concussions, but has no physical problems from his long career trying to move
large men out of the way.

"I went into this thing with my eyes wide open," he said. "I know I'm playing a
violent sport. I know if I'm banging against men the same size and with the same
athletic skills as me, there is a possibility I could sustain long-term damage.
But you know what? That's the risk I wanted to take. It's common sense that if
you're playing a contact sport there is going to be some type of residual
effect."

Is he worried about CTE? "No," he said. "I would do this 10 out of 10 times."

The NFL came under fire in a Congressional report in May that said the league
tried to improperly influence how a $30 million grant for head trauma research
was spent. The NFL denied it. Since 2013, the league has held a competition
among scientists for large research grants to come up with methods and equipment
to make the game safer. Two weeks ago, the NFL pledged to spend $100 million to
fund research for the prevention, diagnosis and then treatment of concussions.

But for a sport that takes in several billions, it's still a small sum.

"The NFL has been a leader on health and safety in many ways, and we've made
some real strides in recent years," Goodell said. "But when it comes to
addressing head injuries in our game, I'm not satisfied, and neither are the
owners of the 32 clubs. We can and will do better."

The league's settlement of a class action concussion lawsuit filed by more than
5,000 retired players could cost $1.4 billion over a 65-year period. The
agreement could benefit 21,000 retired players, but an appeal in August to the
Supreme Court by the family of the late Buffalo Bills running back Cookie
Gilchrist has delayed the payouts. Players could receive up to $5 million each.

The future of football and the future of the NFL depends on making the game
safer. Goodell didn't make this problem. He just has to fix it.

"How do you become proactive instead of reactive on something you inherited?"
said Rick Burton, the David Falk professor of Sport Management at Syracuse
University. "I doubt anyone could do much better. The fans, media, sponsors, the
players, they want solutions to something that is imbedded in how the game is
played."

***

Ray Rice punching his soon-to-be wife in a hotel elevator in Atlantic City and
the lenient two-game suspension was the start of the anti-Goodell movement that
led to fans and media calling for his job. The momentum has been impossible to
stop.

Goodell agonized in the weeks after giving Rice just two games in a late July
announcement but felt boxed in by league precedent, which was no excuse, since
it was so lacking. He admitted his mistake and promised tougher standards. When
the second elevator video surfaced, five weeks after Goodell's initial
discipline, on the first Monday of the 2014 season, the Ravens cut Rice and
Goodell suspended him indefinitely. The suspension was later overturned on
appeal, although Rice has not played in the league since.

Goodell didn't commit the crime. Rice did. But it was Goodell who went on trial.
Rice never did. It was the low point of Goodell's 10 years. He has a wife and
twin daughters. In no way was he condoning domestic violence, but the leniency
he showed Rice had bullets flying in his direction from everywhere.

He later alienated Patriots owner Robert Kraft, once his closest ally, after
suspending Brady four games. Kraft considers Brady his fifth son and took it
personally that Goodell was so rough on him for something Brady swore to Kraft
he did not do.

Ironically, the night before that AFC Championship Game, Goodell attended a
party at Kraft's house in Brookline, Mass.

When the Second Circuit Court of Appeals in July voted not to rehear the case
and Brady elected not to pursue the Supreme Court, guaranteeing his suspension
would remain reinstated following a pro-NFL ruling in April, it elicited a
biting response from Kraft.

"The league's investigation into a football pressure matter was flawed and
biased from the start, and has been discredited nearly unanimously by accredited
academics and scientists," he said. "The penalty imposed by the NFL was
unprecedented, unjust and unreasonable, especially given that no empirical or
direct evidence of any kind showed Tom did anything to violate league rules
prior to, during or after the 2015 AFC Championship Game. What Tom has had to
endure throughout this 18-month ordeal has been, in my opinion, as far removed
from due process as you could ever expect in this country."

If the Patriots host the AFC title game, Goodell should not bother checking his
in-box for his e-vite to another Kraft bash. In fact, Goodell didn't attend any
games in Foxborough last season and it's unlikely he will be there anytime soon.

When it was suggested to Goodell before training camp that the courts had
reestablished his powers under the CBA and it was time to let it go with Brady
after 18 months, he was not at all interested in compromise.

That was fine with the owners who believed Goodell went too soft on Bill
Belichick and the Patriots in the 2007 Spygate case, which ended with Kraft
calling Belichick a "schmuck." Was Deflategate an opportunity for Goodell to
make up for not suspending Belichick, which he regretted? That's one theory.

Goodell does not have to worry about the owners having his back. In the 2016
Forbes list, 24 of the 32 teams are listed with a valuation of at least $2
billion. The Cowboys are first at $4.2 billion. The Bills are last at $1.5
billion. The Giants are third at $3.1 billion and the Jets are seventh at $2.75
billion.

"As far as I can tell, he's more than satisfied the interests and demands of the
ownership," Burton said. "And that's his job. That's the audience he serves.
That's what keeps him the commissioner."

For perspective: When Robert Tisch bought 50% of the Giants from Tim Mara in
1991, he paid $75 million, meaning the team was valued at $150 million. In 25
years, the Giants value has increased by just under $3 billion. Woody Johnson
purchased the Jets in 2000 for $635 million. In 16 years, and with no Super
Bowls, the value has gone up by just over $2 billion.

It's a good business if you can afford the membership fees.

He's helped make the players rich. The average salary is $2.1 million.

"How he's been as commissioner for the public and the players and the sponsors,
he's probably been a mixed bag at best," Burton said. "You can find a lot of
people who don't like decisions he's made."

He made the owners even richer. Isn't that what it's ultimately all about for
them?

"I think that's bull----," Mara said. "It's so much more than that - the
initiatives we have on player safety and research, increasing retirees benefits,
all aspects of our business and the game on the field. It's at the point where
just about anything he does continues to draw criticism and that's unfortunate.
I know his heart is in the right place and the people that are in this business
realize what a good job he's done."

The NFL would have been much different if it was room service and not Rooney
knocking on the door. At the very least he could have brought him those
noise-cancelling headphones.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INFOGRAPHIC;SPORTS STATISTIC, After relentlessly going after Tom Brady
(l.) and his mishandling of some high-profile domestic violence cases, Roger
Goodell has certainly made a few enemies.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 5, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Secretary of State Search Is Said to Be Expanding

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS FANDOS; Maggie Haberman contributed reporting from New York.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1101 words


WASHINGTON -- President-elect Donald J. Trump is broadening the field of
candidates for secretary of state as his transition team remains divided nearly
a month after the election over how to fill the most prominent gap in his
prospective cabinet.

Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to Mr. Trump, told reporters on Sunday that the
search had expanded beyond the four men thought to be under consideration and
that Mr. Trump planned to interview additional candidates early this week.

Those new candidates appeared to include John R. Bolton, an ambassador to the
United Nations under President George W. Bush; Jon M. Huntsman Jr., the former
Utah governor and ambassador to China under President Obama; Rex W. Tillerson,
the president and chief executive of Exxon Mobil; and Senator Joe Manchin III,
Democrat of West Virginia.

Asked about the search on the ABC program ''This Week,'' Vice President-elect
Mike Pence mentioned Mr. Bolton as a potential candidate and said others could
be added to the list. Mr. Bolton met with Mr. Trump for about an hour on Friday,
and Mr. Tillerson is set to meet with Mr. Trump on Tuesday, according to two
people briefed on the meetings.

Despite their differences over the Iraq war, which Mr. Bolton ardently
supported, Mr. Trump said during the campaign that he turned to Mr. Bolton for
military advice and called him ''a tough cookie.''

The transition team had previously signaled that the group under consideration
had narrowed to four men: Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential nominee;
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former mayor of New York and a close ally of Mr. Trump;
Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, the chairman of the Foreign Relations
Committee; and David H. Petraeus, the retired general and director of the C.I.A.
under President Obama.

Some of those candidates may be brought back in for further interviews, the
people briefed on the meetings said. An announcement of a selection for the post
is not expected for at least several more days.

In an audition of sorts, Mr. Petraeus appeared on ''This Week'' to highlight his
foreign policy experience in the military and his work abroad in the private
sector. He also sought to put behind him a potentially significant hurdle to his
candidacy: his mishandling of classified material while he was a top general. He
pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge in 2015 and was forced to resign as
C.I.A. director.

''Five years ago, I made a serious mistake,'' Mr. Petraeus said. ''I
acknowledged it. I apologized for it. I paid a very heavy price for it, and I've
learned from it.'' But he added that it was up to others to ''determine whether
that is indeed disqualifying or not.''

The wrangling over who should be America's top diplomat comes as Mr. Trump's
team continues to face questions about his protocol-shattering phone
conversation with the president of Taiwan last week, which angered China and
rattled other Asian nations. Mr. Bolton advocates closer ties with Taiwan as a
means of putting pressure on China, arguing that Beijing's growing power in the
region should be checked.

Mr. Trump's advisers are battling, at times publicly, over whether he should
choose from among his campaign loyalists or go outside that circle, a move that
could alienate voters who were angry at the Republican establishment. Much of
that wrangling has centered on Mr. Romney, who was among Mr. Trump's fiercest
critics during the campaign.

Mr. Trump has told aides that he believes that Mr. Romney would ''look the
part'' as the face of American outreach to the world and would make a fine
secretary of state.

But Ms. Conway, who has been openly critical of Mr. Romney, continued to attack
him during a ''Fox News Sunday'' appearance, saying that the backlash to his
candidacy among Mr. Trump's core supporters had been ''breathtaking.''

Asked if her criticism of him was appropriate, she said, ''I would turn the
question around and ask, was it appropriate for Governor Romney to stick his
neck out so far in attacking Donald Trump, and never walking it back, never
encouraging people to support the nominee once Mr. Trump had won the nomination
squarely and fairly.''

Ms. Conway, answering questions from reporters about the expanded search as she
entered Trump Tower in New York on Sunday, said the transition team had been
happily surprised by the number of wealthy businesspeople who had come forward
to express interest. Mr. Trump, who was lifted to victory in the election in
large part by the support of white working-class voters, has faced criticism
over his appointment of several ultra-wealthy people to top posts.

''There are a number of people that we may not have thought wanted to leave
their very lucrative private industry positions to go and serve the
government,'' Ms. Conway said. ''It's exciting, frankly, to at least get their
counsel.''

Another person who will meet this week with Mr. Trump is James G. Stavridis, a
retired admiral whose name was floated as a potential running mate for Hillary
Clinton. It was unclear if he was being considered for a specific position.

Despite the very public back-and-forth over the secretary of state appointment,
Mr. Trump remains well ahead of the pace set by most of his predecessors in
naming members of his cabinet. In addition to meetings this week, he is
scheduled to travel at least twice, to Fayetteville, N.C., and to Des Moines, on
his ''thank you'' tour.

Mr. Petraeus spoke on the ABC program from the sideline of a conference in
Germany, greeting the host, George Stephanopoulos, with a ''guten tag'' before
beginning the interview.

The retired general praised Mr. Trump as ''actually quite pragmatic.'' He
appeared careful not to contradict Mr. Trump on a range of his foreign policy
priorities, including building a border wall between the United States and
Mexico, potentially working with Russia to defeat the Islamic State, and
discarding the Iran nuclear accord.

''In our conversation, what I enjoyed, most frankly, was the discussion of
issues, or, say, campaign rhetoric, if you will, and then placing that in a
strategic context,'' Mr. Petraeus said.

Before he appeared on the show, Mr. Petraeus seemed to get a lift from Mr.
Pence, who dismissed concerns about Mr. Petraeus's mishandling of classified
material, in which he gave secret materials to a biographer with whom he was
having an affair. Mr. Pence called Mr. Petraeus an ''American hero'' and said
Mr. Trump would consider him based on ''the totality'' of his career.

''Look, he made mistakes, and he paid the consequences for those mistakes,'' Mr.
Pence said.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/04/us/politics/trump-expands-search-for-secretary
-of-state.html

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Former Gov. Jon M. Huntsman Jr. of Utah served as ambassador to
China under President Obama. (PHOTOGRAPH BY IAN THOMAS JANSEN-LONNQUIST FOR THE
NEW YORK TIMES)
 John R. Bolton, a former ambassador to the United Nations, arriving Friday at
Trump Tower in New York for a meeting with Donald J. Trump. (PHOTOGRAPH BY SAM
HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Vulgar Video

BYLINE: MICHAEL MELIA; and DAVID CRARY

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1095  words


NEW LONDON - At Connecticut College, as at a growing number of campuses
nationwide, students are encouraged to speak up if they hear remarks celebrating
or condoning sexual aggression against women. In one training scenario, male
students ask a peer if he really means it when he boasts of such conduct.

So when news broke that Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president, had
bragged of groping women, and then trivialized it as "locker room talk," it felt
to some students like a repudiation of their efforts.

"It's shocking that someone of that status thinks that that's OK," said Greg
Liautaud, a senior who works with the college's sexual assault prevention
office. "It does make the work harder, because our goal here is to shift
culture."

Trump's caught-on-tape remarks about kissing women and grabbing their genitals
are resonating deeply on campuses across the U.S. where sexual assault has been
a long-standing problem. Many worried that the comments, coupled with an apology
that tried to downplay their severity, could hinder efforts to educate youth
when society too often brushes off abusive behavior as "boys being boys" or puts
the blame on the victim.

At Connecticut College, the director of sexual violence prevention said Trump's
remarks likely would become fodder for small group discussions, as happened
after a videotape surfaced of Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice hitting his
fiancee.

"I hope that it doesn't set us back," Darcie Folsom said. "I hope it pushes us
forward everywhere to know more work needs to be done."

The federal government, citing estimates that 1 in 5 women has been sexually
assaulted while in college, has stepped up pressure on higher education
institutions to improve their response to allegations of assault. More than 200
schools are under sexual violence investigations by the Department of
Education's Office for Civil Rights; noncompliance could lead to loss of federal
funding.

Other institutions have faced lawsuits by women claiming officials were
indifferent or hostile when complaints were lodged. The University of
Connecticut, for example, settled for $1.3 million with five students, including
one who alleged a campus police officer told her "women have to just stop
spreading their legs like peanut butter" or rape will keep happening.

Stanford University professor Michelle Dauber said Trump's comments worsen the
problem by minimizing sexual assault. Dauber is pushing a recall campaign of the
judge who sentenced former Stanford swimmer Brock Turner to six months in jail
for sexually assaulting a woman outside a fraternity house - a penalty widely
criticized as too lenient. Turner was released last month after serving half
that time.

"The rage you are seeing from women is not solely or even principally directed
at Trump," Dauber said. "It is at the institutions and leaders who are failing
to take action and hold him accountable. Women are sick and tired. Enough is
enough."

Alison Kiss, executive director of the Clery Center for Security On Campus,
hopes that the outrage turns into a "teachable moment" that bolsters on-campus
efforts to combat assault and support survivors. "Talking about it as no big
deal can normalize the behavior. We have to create a culture where victims and
survivors are comfortable coming forward, and on a lot of campuses that hasn't
happened."

That issue resonates deeply with Savannah Badalich. She's a graduate student at
Columbia University in New York, and works part time with other colleges to
increase awareness about sexual assault. At those sessions, she shares her
personal story about being sexually assaulted during her sophomore year at UCLA
and being too timid to report the incident.

"If the potential president of the U.S. is saying this is OK, what's to say that
sexual violence is going to be taken seriously and that survivors are going to
be treated with any respect?" she said.

Whitney Ralston, a University of Richmond junior who says she was raped,
physically abused and stalked by a classmate, has been heartened by the strong
negative reaction to Trump's comments. "This is a problem that needs to be
addressed, and you can't just keep brushing it off as boys will be boys."

Ralston's alleged attacker accepted responsibility for violating the
university's sexual misconduct policy, was ordered to stay away from her and
told that further violations would result in suspension or expulsion. Ralston
has filed a complaint with the Department of Education accusing the university
of mishandling the case. Federal investigators are already looking into two
other cases at the school for possible violations of Title IX, a broad statute
that prohibits gender discrimination as well as sexual harassment and
gender-based violence.

The University of Maryland, Baltimore County, is also under federal
investigation for its alleged mishandling of sexual assaults on campus, and the
Trump furor reverberated across the campus this week. A complaint filed in
August with the education department accuses school officials of discouraging
one sex assault victim from going to the police and said school investigators
failed to get photographs documenting her injuries.

Shira Malka Devorah, a 20-year-old senior who works at the UMBC women's center,
has refrained from sharing Trump's comments on social media because she didn't
want to upset assault survivors. But she was horrified by the candidate's
comments, and even more so his justification that they were merely locker room
banter.

"Saying that it's OK to talk about things like this with your buddies and joke
about hurting women and controlling women's bodies, it's reinforcing the notion
that you have power over women that they're not human beings," Devorah said.

At Connecticut College, which has about 1,900 students, efforts have grown in
recent years to fight sexual assault. Freshmen attend a mandatory orientation
session on preventing sexual violence, speakers address the topic at panels for
prospective students, and some 30 student volunteers promote a program that
encourages students to see it as a collective responsibility to stop sexual
assault.

Trump's remarks were on the minds of many students this week as guides led small
groups on tours around the picturesque campus on the Thames River.

"It undermines the progress that we've made," said junior Maggie Corey. "I think
what he said only perpetuates the rape culture."

Associated Press writers Juliet Linderman in Baltimore, Alanna Durkin Richer in
Richmond, Va., and Paul Elias in San Francisco contributed to story.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    September 18, 2000 Monday FINAL EDITION

ASIAN-AMERICANS WANT LEE INQUIRY

BYLINE: James Sterngold

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 491 words


LOS ANGELES Leaders of Asian-American groups are planning to seize the
opportunity of a long-scheduled meeting with White House officials in New York
today to express their outrage over the treatment of the former Los Alamos
scientist Wen Ho Lee and to press for a full inquiry on whether racism played a
role in his investigation and prosecution.

When the White House Initiative on Asian-Americans and Pacific Islanders set up
a daylong town meeting many weeks ago, to be held in an auditorium at the New
York University Law School, it was intended as a forum for the Clinton
administration to put on display its interest in hearing from the rapidly
growing Asian-American population.

A similar meeting about six weeks ago in Los Angeles was sparsely attended, some
participants said, and several said they had been warned then that they were not
to raise the issue of Lee, who pleaded guilty last week to one count of
mishandling nuclear secrets, after over nine months of solitary confinement.

But some Asian-American leaders said they intended to take advantage of the time
set aside for public comment at today's meeting to demand that the
administration begin an investigation into whether Lee was singled out because
he is ethnically Chinese.

"We are calling for an impartial investigation on whether there was racial
profiling, and we think this is a good forum for making sure we are heard," said
Laura Hong, president of the National Asian Pacific American Bar Association. A
number of officials from the administration are scheduled to attend the
conference.

Henry Tang, president of the Committee of 100, an organization of
Chinese-Americans, added, "The focus is on full disclosure of all the documents
on racial profiling."

Dr. David Ho, a highly regarded researcher and director of the Aaron Diamond
AIDS Research Center in New York, is a commissioner of the White House
organization, and he said the group was discouraged from raising questions about
Lee by administration officials on the grounds that it was a pending criminal
case. But now that it is not, he said, "I think if we don't tackle this issue we
will have no credibility" among Asian-Americans.

These leaders were referring to one of the most important developments in Lee's
case. The judge, James A. Parker of U.S. District Court in Albuquerque, N.M.,
had earlier ordered the government to hand over thousands of pages of classified
documents detailing why Lee was singled out for investigation and how his case
was handled compared with those of other government employees who violated
security rules.

Those documents were due last Friday. With Lee's plea Wednesday to one count of
mishandling nuclear secrets, the judge's order was dropped. Parker said he
regretted that he would no longer be able to order the disclosure of the
documents, and many others have insisted that the documents should still be
examined for evidence of racism.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New York Times

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Blumenthal, Shaheen Call on Top Intelligence Officials to Review
Security Clearance Given Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn

LENGTH: 1018  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Richard Blumenthal has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) sent a letter
to the nation's top intelligence officials to ask that they review the security
clearance given to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has been
selected by President-elect Donald Trump to serve as national security advisor.
The letter, sent to U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Acting Director
Beth Cobert, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey, and
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, says that Gen. Flynn's "conduct
in positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires."



 In their letter, Blumenthal and Shaheen draw attention to Gen. Flynn's reported
record of mishandling classified intelligence, as first reported in the New
Yorker, and his conduct following his military service, including a paid trip
Gen. Flynn made to Russia to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Russian
government's propaganda arm, Russia Today.





 Blumenthal and Shaheen also highlighted potential conflict of interests related
to Gen. Flynn's ownership of the Flynn Intel Group, which was previously
registered to lobby on behalf of foreign clients. The Senators write, "This
ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn and
operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution."



 The full text of the Senators' letter is below:



 December 9, 2016



 The Honorable Beth F. Cobert                                        The
Honorable James Comey



 Acting Director
Director



 U.S. Office of Personnel Management                            Federal Bureau
of Investigation



 1900 E Street, NW                                                           935
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW



 Washington, D.C.  20415
Washington, D.C.  20535



 The Honorable James R. Clapper

 Director of National Intelligence

 Office of the Director of National Intelligence

 1500 Tysons McLean Drive

 McLean, VA  22102



 Dear Acting Director Cobert, Director Comey, Director Clapper:



 We write to request that you review the security clearance given to retired
Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Based on public reports, his conduct in
positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires.



 General Flynn reportedly has a record of mishandling classified intelligence
and repeatedly violated rules for protecting sensitive information. The New
Yorker magazine published an article on November 23, 2016, that documented
violations handling protected information by General Flynn, who "had technicians
secretly install an Internet connection in his Pentagon office, even though it
was forbidden." He is also reported to have knowingly provided highly sensitive
compartmented information and code word classified information about the Haqqani
terrorist network to Pakistan. Further, he was investigated for leaking highly
classified information to several other countries and recently made public
comments defending and encouraging such illegal practices.



 We are also concerned by General Flynn's conduct after his military service. On
December 10, 2015, General Flynn was paid to attend an event in Moscow
celebrating the tenth anniversary of Russia Today, a propaganda arm of the
Russian government. Although he has not disclosed how much he received in
speaking fees or who paid for the travel expenses, he dined with Vladimir Putin,
just 18 months after leaving his position leading the Defense Intelligence
Agency. As a retired general, he is prohibited from receipt of consulting fees,
gifts, travel expenses, honoraria, or any kind of salary from a foreign
government without Congressional consent. We request that you investigate
General Flynn's compliance with the requirements of 37 U.S.C. § 908 in this
instance, and any other such occurrences, and provide us with all records held
by the U.S. Army Human Resources Command of any such approval.



 In addition, General Flynn appears to have an unresolved conflict of interest
in his ownership of the Flynn Intel Group. His company has previously registered
to lobby on behalf of Turkish businessman Kamil Ekim Alptekin and received
compensation to persuade U.S. public opinion in favor of Turkey's President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan. General Flynn did this through an opinion piece published
in The Hill on November 8, 2016. General Flynn's firm also represented an Iraqi
paramilitary organization trained by the Turkish government. Subsequently, he
indicated that he would separate from his business representing foreign
interests by having his son Michael Flynn Jr. remain in control and make a
livelihood from such payments.



 This ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn
and operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.



 We trust you to investigate these matters thoroughly, and request that you
provide us with the documentation we have requested. Please keep us apprised of
any decision regarding this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Blumenthal, Shaheen Call on Top Intelligence Officials to Review
Security Clearance Given Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn

LENGTH: 1018  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Richard Blumenthal has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) and Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) sent a letter
to the nation's top intelligence officials to ask that they review the security
clearance given to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has been
selected by President-elect Donald Trump to serve as national security advisor.
The letter, sent to U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Acting Director
Beth Cobert, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey, and
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, says that Gen. Flynn's "conduct
in positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires."



 In their letter, Blumenthal and Shaheen draw attention to Gen. Flynn's reported
record of mishandling classified intelligence, as first reported in the New
Yorker, and his conduct following his military service, including a paid trip
Gen. Flynn made to Russia to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Russian
government's propaganda arm, Russia Today.





 Blumenthal and Shaheen also highlighted potential conflict of interests related
to Gen. Flynn's ownership of the Flynn Intel Group, which was previously
registered to lobby on behalf of foreign clients. The Senators write, "This
ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn and
operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution."



 The full text of the Senators' letter is below:



 December 9, 2016



 The Honorable Beth F. Cobert                                        The
Honorable James Comey



 Acting Director
Director



 U.S. Office of Personnel Management                            Federal Bureau
of Investigation



 1900 E Street, NW                                                           935
Pennsylvania Avenue, NW



 Washington, D.C.  20415
Washington, D.C.  20535



 The Honorable James R. Clapper

 Director of National Intelligence

 Office of the Director of National Intelligence

 1500 Tysons McLean Drive

 McLean, VA  22102



 Dear Acting Director Cobert, Director Comey, Director Clapper:



 We write to request that you review the security clearance given to retired
Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Based on public reports, his conduct in
positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires.



 General Flynn reportedly has a record of mishandling classified intelligence
and repeatedly violated rules for protecting sensitive information. The New
Yorker magazine published an article on November 23, 2016, that documented
violations handling protected information by General Flynn, who "had technicians
secretly install an Internet connection in his Pentagon office, even though it
was forbidden." He is also reported to have knowingly provided highly sensitive
compartmented information and code word classified information about the Haqqani
terrorist network to Pakistan. Further, he was investigated for leaking highly
classified information to several other countries and recently made public
comments defending and encouraging such illegal practices.



 We are also concerned by General Flynn's conduct after his military service. On
December 10, 2015, General Flynn was paid to attend an event in Moscow
celebrating the tenth anniversary of Russia Today, a propaganda arm of the
Russian government. Although he has not disclosed how much he received in
speaking fees or who paid for the travel expenses, he dined with Vladimir Putin,
just 18 months after leaving his position leading the Defense Intelligence
Agency. As a retired general, he is prohibited from receipt of consulting fees,
gifts, travel expenses, honoraria, or any kind of salary from a foreign
government without Congressional consent. We request that you investigate
General Flynn's compliance with the requirements of 37 U.S.C. § 908 in this
instance, and any other such occurrences, and provide us with all records held
by the U.S. Army Human Resources Command of any such approval.



 In addition, General Flynn appears to have an unresolved conflict of interest
in his ownership of the Flynn Intel Group. His company has previously registered
to lobby on behalf of Turkish businessman Kamil Ekim Alptekin and received
compensation to persuade U.S. public opinion in favor of Turkey's President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan. General Flynn did this through an opinion piece published
in The Hill on November 8, 2016. General Flynn's firm also represented an Iraqi
paramilitary organization trained by the Turkish government. Subsequently, he
indicated that he would separate from his business representing foreign
interests by having his son Michael Flynn Jr. remain in control and make a
livelihood from such payments.



 This ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn
and operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.



 We trust you to investigate these matters thoroughly, and request that you
provide us with the documentation we have requested. Please keep us apprised of
any decision regarding this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: Shaheen, Blumenthal Call on Top Intelligence Officials to Review
Security Clearance Given to Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn

LENGTH: 1025  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeanne Shaheen has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) and Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) sent a letter
to the nation's top intelligence officials to ask that they review the security
clearance given to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has been
selected by President-elect Donald Trump to serve as national security advisor.
The letter, sent to U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Acting Director
Beth Cobert, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey, and
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, says that Gen. Flynn's "conduct
in positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires."



 In their letter, Senators Shaheen and Blumenthal draw attention to Gen. Flynn's
reported record of mishandling classified intelligence, as first reported in the
New Yorker, and his conduct following his military service, including a paid
trip Gen. Flynn made to Russia to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Russian
government's propaganda arm, Russia Today.





 Shaheen and Blumenthal also highlighted potential conflict of interests related
to Gen. Flynn's ownership of the Flynn Intel Group, which was previously
registered to lobby on behalf of foreign clients. The Senators write, "This
ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn and
operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution."



 Full text of the senators' letter is below:



 December 9, 2016



 The Honorable Beth F. Cobert                                   The Honorable
James Comey



 Acting Director
Director



 U.S. Office of Personnel Management                   Federal Bureau of
Investigation



 1900 E Street, NW
935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW



 Washington, D.C.  20415
Washington, D.C.  20535



 The Honorable James R. Clapper



 Director of National Intelligence



 Office of the Director of National Intelligence



 1500 Tysons McLean Drive



 McLean, VA  22102







 Dear Acting Director Cobert, Director Comey, Director Clapper:



 We write to request that you review the security clearance given to retired
Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Based on public reports, his conduct in
positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires.



 General Flynn reportedly has a record of mishandling classified intelligence
and repeatedly violated rules for protecting sensitive information. The New
Yorker magazine published an article on November 23, 2016, that documented
violations handling protected information by General Flynn, who "had technicians
secretly install an Internet connection in his Pentagon office, even though it
was forbidden." He is also reported to have knowingly provided highly sensitive
compartmented information and code word classified information about the Haqqani
terrorist network to Pakistan. Further, he was investigated for leaking highly
classified information to several other countries and recently made public
comments defending and encouraging such illegal practices.



 We are also concerned by General Flynn's conduct after his military service. On
December 10, 2015, General Flynn was paid to attend an event in Moscow
celebrating the tenth anniversary of Russia Today, a propaganda arm of the
Russian government. Although he has not disclosed how much he received in
speaking fees or who paid for the travel expenses, he dined with Vladimir Putin,
just 18 months after leaving his position leading the Defense Intelligence
Agency. As a retired general, he is prohibited from receipt of consulting fees,
gifts, travel expenses, honoraria, or any kind of salary from a foreign
government without Congressional consent. We request that you investigate
General Flynn's compliance with the requirements of 37 U.S.C. § 908 in this
instance, and any other such occurrences, and provide us with all records held
by the U.S. Army Human Resources Command of any such approval.



 In addition, General Flynn appears to have an unresolved conflict of interest
in his ownership of the Flynn Intel Group. His company has previously registered
to lobby on behalf of Turkish businessman Kamil Ekim Alptekin and received
compensation to persuade U.S. public opinion in favor of Turkey's President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan. General Flynn did this through an opinion piece published
in The Hill on November 8, 2016. General Flynn's firm also represented an Iraqi
paramilitary organization trained by the Turkish government. Subsequently, he
indicated that he would separate from his business representing foreign
interests by having his son Michael Flynn Jr. remain in control and make a
livelihood from such payments.



 This ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn
and operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.



 We trust you to investigate these matters thoroughly, and request that you
provide us with the documentation we have requested. Please keep us apprised of
any decision regarding this matter.







 Sincerely,



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: Shaheen, Blumenthal Call on Top Intelligence Officials to Review
Security Clearance Given to Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn

LENGTH: 1025  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jeanne Shaheen has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) and Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) sent a letter
to the nation's top intelligence officials to ask that they review the security
clearance given to retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, who has been
selected by President-elect Donald Trump to serve as national security advisor.
The letter, sent to U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Acting Director
Beth Cobert, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) Director James Comey, and
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, says that Gen. Flynn's "conduct
in positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires."



 In their letter, Senators Shaheen and Blumenthal draw attention to Gen. Flynn's
reported record of mishandling classified intelligence, as first reported in the
New Yorker, and his conduct following his military service, including a paid
trip Gen. Flynn made to Russia to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the Russian
government's propaganda arm, Russia Today.





 Shaheen and Blumenthal also highlighted potential conflict of interests related
to Gen. Flynn's ownership of the Flynn Intel Group, which was previously
registered to lobby on behalf of foreign clients. The Senators write, "This
ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn and
operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution."



 Full text of the senators' letter is below:



 December 9, 2016



 The Honorable Beth F. Cobert                                   The Honorable
James Comey



 Acting Director
Director



 U.S. Office of Personnel Management                   Federal Bureau of
Investigation



 1900 E Street, NW
935 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW



 Washington, D.C.  20415
Washington, D.C.  20535



 The Honorable James R. Clapper



 Director of National Intelligence



 Office of the Director of National Intelligence



 1500 Tysons McLean Drive



 McLean, VA  22102







 Dear Acting Director Cobert, Director Comey, Director Clapper:



 We write to request that you review the security clearance given to retired
Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Based on public reports, his conduct in
positions that require access to national defense information, and his
subsequent private practice, appears inconsistent with the professionalism such
access requires.



 General Flynn reportedly has a record of mishandling classified intelligence
and repeatedly violated rules for protecting sensitive information. The New
Yorker magazine published an article on November 23, 2016, that documented
violations handling protected information by General Flynn, who "had technicians
secretly install an Internet connection in his Pentagon office, even though it
was forbidden." He is also reported to have knowingly provided highly sensitive
compartmented information and code word classified information about the Haqqani
terrorist network to Pakistan. Further, he was investigated for leaking highly
classified information to several other countries and recently made public
comments defending and encouraging such illegal practices.



 We are also concerned by General Flynn's conduct after his military service. On
December 10, 2015, General Flynn was paid to attend an event in Moscow
celebrating the tenth anniversary of Russia Today, a propaganda arm of the
Russian government. Although he has not disclosed how much he received in
speaking fees or who paid for the travel expenses, he dined with Vladimir Putin,
just 18 months after leaving his position leading the Defense Intelligence
Agency. As a retired general, he is prohibited from receipt of consulting fees,
gifts, travel expenses, honoraria, or any kind of salary from a foreign
government without Congressional consent. We request that you investigate
General Flynn's compliance with the requirements of 37 U.S.C. § 908 in this
instance, and any other such occurrences, and provide us with all records held
by the U.S. Army Human Resources Command of any such approval.



 In addition, General Flynn appears to have an unresolved conflict of interest
in his ownership of the Flynn Intel Group. His company has previously registered
to lobby on behalf of Turkish businessman Kamil Ekim Alptekin and received
compensation to persuade U.S. public opinion in favor of Turkey's President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan. General Flynn did this through an opinion piece published
in The Hill on November 8, 2016. General Flynn's firm also represented an Iraqi
paramilitary organization trained by the Turkish government. Subsequently, he
indicated that he would separate from his business representing foreign
interests by having his son Michael Flynn Jr. remain in control and make a
livelihood from such payments.



 This ongoing business relationship of Flynn Intel Group, owned by General Flynn
and operated by his son, creates the potential for pressure, coercion, and
exploitation by foreign agents. In addition, any share of partnership profits he
obtains from the Flynn Intel Group that are derived from its representation of a
foreign government would appear to be a violation of his obligation as a retired
general to abide by the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.



 We trust you to investigate these matters thoroughly, and request that you
provide us with the documentation we have requested. Please keep us apprised of
any decision regarding this matter.







 Sincerely,



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           December 16, 2008, Tuesday

Pair accused of misusing funds face no disciplinary action;
Spokesman says DOH officials should have better documented work

BYLINE: JAKE STUMP, DAILY MAIL CAPITOL REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 884 words


Two West Virginia Division of Highways employees will not face disciplinary
action as requested by an outside audit, which accused the pair of mishandling
millions of dollars in federal funds.

Highways spokesman Brent Walker said two employees in the District 6 office,
which covers Brooke, Hancock, Marshall, Ohio, Tyler and Wetzel counties, did not
do anything inappropriate to warrant such an action.

The audit revealed that the district mismanaged part of $23 million in federal
highway funds allocated for flood cleanup and repair throughout the Northern
Panhandle earlier this decade. Money was spent on repairs that weren't
authorized by the federal grants, the audit states.

The report also called on the secretary of transportation, Paul Mattox, to take
"appropriate disciplinary action" against the maintenance engineer and the
assistant in charge of flood work in the district office.

Names of the employees aren't included in the audit.

The Wheeling Intelligencer identified the maintenance engineer as Lloyd Adams
and the assistant as Chuck Henry.

"The activities of these personnel indicate complete disregard for established
accounting practices within the West Virginia Department of Transportation,"
states the report, written by the state DOT Auditing Division and commissioned
by the Legislature.

Walker defended the two employees singled out in the audit. The district did
what it thought was best to repair flood-ravaged areas in the Northern Panhandle
and did not intentionally misspend money, he said.

Conducted in June, the audit was released to state lawmakers last week during
interim meetings.

Walker said he suspects that a disgruntled employee made the audit available to
legislators.

"If there's a chance there was wrongdoing on part of the DOH, Secretary Mattox
would have taken quick action," he said.

"There was no devious misconduct. No one benefited from this except the
taxpayers. Work was done."

District 6 performed the repair work following severe flooding in September 2004
and January 2005.

Broken down, $13.5 million was allocated for 83 sites in the first flood and
$9.5 million for 85 sites in the second flood.

The Federal Highway Administration gives the money to states to repair or
rebuild damaged federal roads.

Auditors wrote, "Discussions with district personnel indicated that they
believed it was permissible to utilize unexpended funds on any flood related
damages that existed on any ER (emergency relief) route."

They also found that district officials used those specific funds for non-flood
related repairs, as well.

"It should be noted that our review was limited and these charges could have
resulted from errors in reporting and were not necessarily made in bad faith, or
as an intention to misuse federal funds," the auditors wrote.

Auditors did not establish an exact dollar amount for the inappropriate charges.

Walker noted that the sheer damage caused by the floods placed a burden on DOH
crews, who wanted to repair as many sites as possible for the safety of the
public.

"Those were terrible floods," Walker said. "DOH workers had to leave their
families for a week in order to provide safety to the traveling public and get
roads open. In the heat of the battle, we went out and repaired roads to make
them passable."

Severe flooding in the Northern Panhandle was caused by the remnants of
Hurricane Ivan in September 2004. At one point, the Ohio River crested at nearly
10 feet above flood stage.

In January 2005, a series of heavy rains caused flooding again. Eleven National
Guard teams and nine search-and-rescue teams were sent to those counties
affected by flooding.

Walker acknowledged that DOH officials should have better documented their work.

"What we didn't do a very good job of was going back after the fact and
determining which work fit the reimbursable category and which funds didn't," he
said.

"Internally, we need to do a better job of cross-referencing projects that were
reimbursable with projects that weren't."

Walker said it would've been irresponsible to not conduct repairs on damaged
roads. As an example of their work, Walker said if crews worked on a 1,000-foot
ditchline and discovered another 1,000 feet of damage, they would have gone
ahead and completed the entire project.

"Our DOH employees are going to fix roads wherever they are," he said.

The state initially paid for those repairs and was later reimbursed by the
Federal Highway Administration.

Lara Ramsburg, spokeswoman for Gov. Joe Manchin, said the governor wasn't
concerned that the state would lose federal funding on road projects because of
this mishap.

"In terms of the federal government, we're all on the same page and we're
addressing their concerns in every way possible," she said.

The audit also revealed other problems with the DOH, including undisclosed
conflicts of interest by unnamed Highways employees, computer system shortfalls
and inadequate management of payroll, overtime and inventory.

Regarding the mishandling of funds in District 6, Walker said the audit "sounds
a lot worse than it is.

"I'm not suggesting mismanaging federal funds is not important," he said. "But
the way that the systems works, we should've done a better job of providing
clarification on the scope of our work."

Contact writer Jake Stump at jakestump@dailymail.com or 304-348-4842.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              June 19, 2006 Monday

Mishandling Electricity Regulation

BYLINE: Harold Furchtgott-Roth

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 751 words


Governor Ehrlich of Maryland has scheduled an unusual public hearing for
tomorrow to consider the question of whether he should veto new legislation that
would limit residential rate increases for the largest utility in the state,
Baltimore Gas & Electric, to 15% this year.

Ordinarily, electricity rate increases are politically obscure, but in Maryland,
price regulation suddenly is the dominant issue in this year's gubernatorial
election, overwhelming such traditional issues as education, crime,and taxes.To
understand why, consider the year 1993.

Crude oil prices that year were between $14 and $20 a barrel. Today, they hover
around $70 a barrel, and other energy prices have increased in tandem. BGE
residential electricity rates, however,remain the same as they were in 1993.

Residents of Baltimore currently enjoy lower electricity rates than the vast
majority of residents on the East Coast.That's true not because of a
wellfunctioning electricity market in Maryland, but precisely because the market
does not work well. In 1999, state legislators capped rates through 2006 and
permitted other suppliers to enter Maryland to compete with BGE and other
utilities. The politicians called the price caps part of "deregulation."
California similarly tried an experiment with electricity markets that only a
cynic could label "deregulation." Many of the electric utilities in California
were pushed into or near the brink of bankruptcy. 1203 2174 1325 2185

Businesses naturally would not enter markets where rates are regulated at
artificially low levels. Maryland consumers are left with electricity rates set
not by market forces but by government officials.

Now that price caps are about to expire, BGE proposed and state regulators
approved a 72% rate increase to bring electricity rates in line with surrounding
utilities, but still much lower than many utilities in the Northeast, including
those in the New York metropolitan area.This being an election year in Maryland,
though, current state officials fear that many state residents will blame them
for a rate increase a few months before the election, even a rate increase that
is many years overdue.

The lessons of past mistakes should be learned, but in Maryland legislators
continue to attempt to defy the laws of economics. Having for years distorted
electricity markets with rate regulation, the legislature last Thursday passed a
law that would permit electricity rates to rise by only 15% before this fall's
election. In the bill, the state utility regulators would be blamed for the
mistakes of the past legislatures and be summarily fired.The governor would
choose a new set of regulators from a hand-picked list drawn up by (surprise)
the legislature. Those new regulators would be required to find a way to deal
with the 72% rate increase, and any new rate increase that might needed over the
next year. For good measure, the legislation would largely prohibit the ousted
state regulators from appealing.

Mr. Ehrlich, who is up for re-election, has only a few days to decide whether to
sign the bill that will continue rate regulation. Alternatively, he could veto
the bill and face an almost certain override from the legislature. Electricity
rates and government mishandling of them now appear to be the central issue in
the Maryland gubernatorial campaign, with both sides pointing fingers at the
other.

BGE is in a difficult predicament. For several years, it has been counting on a
major rate increase in 2006. Other electric utilities in Maryland, such as
Pepco, have rate increases in the range of 40% that are largely left
unchallenged. BGE almost alone is left to incur the wrath of legislators.

Much more is at stake than the fate of BGE and the residential electricity rates
in Baltimore. Other businesses in Maryland and around the world look at the
comic antics of the state legislature with a mixture of amusement and fear.
Legislatures that engage in ruinous price regulation for years - and then extend
it at the first opportunity - are the types of government a business wishes on
its competitors.

Mr. Ehrlich should veto the bill continuing price regulation. This November, let
the people of Maryland decide who was right: legislators who were convinced that
price regulation is more important than new business investment for Maryland, or
a governor who believed they were wrong.

A former FCC commissioner, Mr. Furchtgott-Roth is president of Furchtgott-Roth
Economic Enterprises. He can be reached athfr@furchtgott-roth.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 7, 2006 Thursday

Piketon: A troubled past;
Cold War factory created secret dump, set own rules

BYLINE: By Lynn Hulsey and Tom Beyerlein Staff Writers

SECTION: OHIO'S NUCLEAR LEGACY; Pg. AA2

LENGTH: 2031 words


PIKETON - Inside the closely guarded confines of this 3,714-acre federal
complex, deer lope along roadways, chubby groundhogs munch clover and wild
turkeys gather during breeding season.

But this is no nature preserve.

Thousands of metal cylinders of corrosive radioactive waste - most weighing 14
tons and many heavily etched with rust - stretch across industrial yards.

Five plumes of poisoned groundwater lie beneath the surface, one of them so
close to private land that traces of contamination were found in a monitoring
well on a nearby farm.

Access is restricted inside three buildings that sprawl for more than a mile and
are contaminated with radiation, beryllium, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) and
asbestos.

What dangers lie beneath the thick concrete floors of those buildings is
anybody's guess.

Welcome to the old Piketon atomic plant 100 miles southeast of Dayton, once a
proud monument to Ohio's nuclear legacy.

Today that legacy is one of mounting bills for U.S. taxpayers, an environmental
cleanup that has no end in sight, and thousands of former workers or their
survivors who sought compensation on claims of work-related cancers and other
illnesses.

Government investigators blame problems at the now-closed Portsmouth Gaseous
Diffusion Plant on decades of slipshod safety practices, accidental toxic
releases and routine mishandling of chemical and radioactive material.

The cleanup cost at the uranium enrichment plant, estimated at $3 billion, could
eventually top the $4.5 billion spent at the U.S. Department of Energy's former
Feed Materials Production Center in Fernald, according to Ohio Environmental
Protection Agency officials. That would make the Piketon cleanup the most
expensive environmental reclamation project in Ohio history.

For decades, operators of the government-owned plant created a secret dump,
spraying PCBs and uranium-contaminated oils on dusty roads, burying hazardous
waste in unlined landfills, pouring toxins into waterways, allowing radioactive
incinerator ash to scatter in the wind - even tilling radioactive oils into the
ground.

Former workers told the Dayton Daily News chilling tales of a workplace in which
managers downplayed risks, enforced a code of silence, and failed to protect
employees against some of the most dangerous substances on earth.

Gary Sexton, 56, said he didn't know hazardous levels of the metal beryllium
were in the plant when he started work as a chemical operator in 1974. He now
has trouble breathing because of a potentially fatal and incurable ailment known
as chronic beryllium disease that afflicted about 38 Piketon workers.

"Of the ones that have chronic beryllium disease, there are more dead than
living," said Sexton, a safety representative for United Steelworkers Local
5689.

Donald Cruse, 65, said he was often sent to dismantle radiation-contaminated
equipment and handle PCBs and asbestos without protective gear. He recently
underwent surgery for melanoma, and breathes through a tube in his neck after
losing part of his larynx to cancer.

"All the hottest places on the plant site, I worked," said Cruse, who was
employed there from 1975 to 1996. "They said none of that would hurt us. There
wasn't enough there to bother us."

Kenny Estep coached peewee football, was an auxiliary police officer and headed
the local Moose Lodge. But in his job as a truck driver at the Piketon plant,
Estep hauled radioactive waste to a plant landfill. On March 7, 1978, he was
handed a respirator and a pair of paper coveralls and told to dump snow on a
leaking cylinder full of radioactive uranium hexafluoride, the material used to
enrich uranium.

He died of a rare form of liver cancer seven years later at the age of 42.

"He had a job to do and he was told to do it, so he did it," said Estep's widow,
Barbara Barker, 62, of Piketon.

Barker received compensation for her husband's death, but it didn't come until
after the federal government admitted for the first time in 1999 that it harmed
its atomic workers.

The environmental damage at Piketon was harder to hide. The same hazards that
sickened workers also poisoned the environment and continue to threaten future
generations.

Along with the Mound Laboratory in Miamisburg, the plants at Fernald and Piketon
once played indispensable roles in the manufacture of Cold War nuclear weapons.
But the environmental footprint each of them left behind will never fully be
erased, even after the billions of dollars spent cleaning contaminated
groundwater, soil, waterways and buildings.

The end-date for monitoring the pollution at Piketon: never.

William E. Murphie, manager of the Energy Department office overseeing cleanup
at Piketon and a sister plant in Paducah, Ky., declined to address Piketon's
history of mishandling hazardous materials.

"We take a lot of lumps for the past processes and, face it, mistakes that were
made," he said. "We've learned from the past. We're all smarter than we were in
the past."

Murphie said the department remains committed to the cleanup and trying new
solutions if those now in place don't work.

"DOE is very proud of the cleanup program here," he said. "We believe we have
accomplished a lot."

Worker safety a low priority

From 1954-2001, the Piketon plant provided a ticket to the middle class for some
10,000 residents in Appalachian Ohio. A series of government contractors
enriched uranium there, first for nuclear weapons and later to power nuclear
reactors.

"The focus back then was to win the Cold War. Handling the waste and avoiding
contamination was pretty low on the list," said Brian Blair, an Ohio EPA
supervisor who participated in the state's first inspection of the site in 1986.
"They were not managed even according to the best technology available at that
time. That's why we have many of the contaminants out there."

The now-defunct Goodyear Atomic Corp. operated the Piketon plant for its first
32 years. A subsidiary of Martin Marietta took over management in 1986, followed
by Lockheed Martin in 1995. The government privatized its enrichment operations
in 1998, turning them over to USEC Inc. of Bethesda, Md.

In the early years, few environmental regulations existed across the United
States and the hazards of chemical and radioactive materials weren't fully
understood. By the 1970s, the government began regulating the handling and
disposal of hazardous materials, and took action against companies that didn't
follow the rules.

But unlike private companies, the Energy Department was allowed to set its own
environmental standards, at least when it came to nuclear facilities such as
Piketon. Energy officials, in effect, said, "trust us." Until the late 1980s,
environmental regulators had no jurisdiction - or access - to the Piketon plant,
and even now secrecy cloaks many plant practices.

All nuclear facilities must keep some practices confidential for reasons of
national security. But the secrecy and self-regulation at Piketon veiled an
astounding level of environmental destruction.

In 2000, the Energy Department secretary launched a massive investigation that
documented the plant's grim environmental record: mishandling of hazardous and
radioactive material, failure to properly monitor environmental emissions or
workers' exposure to radiation, ignoring safety rules. The investigators
identified 400 accidental releases of uranium gas or toxic fluorine since the
1950s, although they said the true total was unknown due to poor record keeping.

The worst of what the investigators found occurred in the plant's first 25
years, but careless and harmful practices continued even as the plant changed
operators. For example:

* Two separate incidents - in 1982 and 1993 - resulted in the airborne release
of 19 curies of radioactive technetium, a cancer-causing product of nuclear
fission that escaped as workers cleaned equipment. "That's a significant amount,
and it's certainly not desirable to have those kinds of releases in the air,"
Blair said.

* Uranium-contaminated solvents were burned in an incinerator designed for
solids until 1986, when the Ohio EPA ordered it shut down. Maria Galanti, the
agency's on-site coordinator, said soil around the incinerator site is
radioactive at least 12 feet deep.

* The Energy Department didn't stop pumping waste into the plant's worst source
of off-site and groundwater contamination until 1988. That unlined pond held
everything from PCBs and the solvent trichloroethylene to radioactive uranium,
technetium and plutonium - toxins that leached into groundwater and the Little
Beaver Creek, a tributary of the Scioto River.

People who live near the plant say they had no idea all this was going on.
Children swam in the creeks, and churches held baptisms in Big Run Creek. That
same creek runs past two unlined landfills and near a polluted groundwater plume
as it passes through the plant grounds on its way to the Scioto River.

Clyde Blanton has lived next to the plant's southern border since 1970. Not
until the late 1980s, when residents near the Fernald plant began fighting for a
cleanup there, did Blanton and others start asking questions about Piketon.

He said plant officials assured people it was safe.

"Now they've spent a billion bucks cleaning up," said Blanton, 64. "That tells
you it's not safe. Somebody lied."

Inspectors react with shock

The cover over Piketon's secrets began to lift in 1986, when Ohio EPA inspectors
were allowed inside the plant for the first time. What they saw shocked them.

In one of the plant's more egregious practices dating to the 1980s, plant
operators tilled highly radioactive oils into soil, figuring the solvents would
degrade over time. They didn't take into account that radiation takes millions,
even billions of years to decay.

Those plots, now capped, are one of several sources of contaminants in the
plant's second-largest groundwater plume. "You had some of the best minds in the
U.S. government working on enriching uranium and this is the best they could do
with their waste?" Galanti said. Plant operators dumped radioactive materials,
toxic chemicals and dangerous solvents into unlined landfills and even
discharged radioactive and chemical wastes into ditches leading to the Little
Beaver Creek. Galanti described the ditches as "screaming hot" and said they
were one of the Ohio EPA's top cleanup priorities.

The solvent trichloroethylene, a suspected carcinogen, remains the site's most
pervasive groundwater contaminant.

"They'd go dump solvents out the back door," Galanti said. "And taking drums of
degreasers and volatile organics and dumping them in a big pit."

Even after they were allowed to visit the plant, Ohio EPA officials were
frustrated in their effort to force a cleanup. Officials at federal nuclear
facilities had long argued that they were exempt from environmental rules
concerning the handling and disposal of all hazardous materials, including any
radioactive material.

"They thought they were above the law," said Jack Van Kley, the lead attorney in
a federal court case that the state of Ohio filed in 1989 against the Energy
Department.

As a result of that case, state regulators won limited authority over the
department's operations at Piketon. A consent decree issued by the court
required the Energy Department to follow state and federal rules for hazardous
materials. But the department retained oversight of its handling of purely
radioactive material.

A separate agreement was reached with the U.S. EPA, and cleanup began the same
year.

Taxpayers are footing the cleanup bill because government contracts protected
the contractors who ran the plant against damages, said Energy Department
spokeswoman Laura Schachter. Four of those companies are defunct but their
parent companies, Goodyear Corp. and Lockheed Martin Corp., are still in
business.

Goodyear spokesman Keith Price had no comment for this story. Lockheed Martin
spokeswoman Gail E. Rymer said environmental investigations were already
underway when the company's subsidiaries managed the site and those companies
also assisted with cleanup.

"Since we took over the plant we have had an exemplary safety and environmental
record," said USEC spokeswoman Elizabeth Stuckle.

So far, the government has spent

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 28, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

McCain, que paso?;
The GOP nominee is paying for his party's sins -- specifically the mishandling
of immigration reform. Democrats, though also guilty, have escaped blame.

BYLINE: Ruben Navarrette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 889 words


SAN DIEGO -- Just a week  before Election Day, John McCain's advisers are
probably looking at the trend line of the Latino vote and wondering: Que paso?

McCain is poised to have his worst showing ever with Latino voters, a
constituency with which he has done extremely well in the past thanks to his
personal relationships, war hero status, moderate positions and independent
streak. In his 1998 Senate re-election in Arizona, McCain got 65% of the
Hispanic vote. In 2004, it was 70%. But this year, on a national level, it's
another story.

In a July survey by the Pew Hispanic Center, 23% of Latinos support McCain,
while 66% back Barack Obama. A third of respondents said the immigration issue
would influence their vote. Fifty percent said Obama was the better candidate
for immigrants; 12% said that about McCain. According to another survey, many
Latinos in the USA say they're being picked on, discriminated against and turned
into scapegoats. And they blame the Republican Party.

Be sure to catch the irony: McCain is being punished for the very sins he tried
to prevent other Republicans from committing, while Obama is being absolved of
sins that he and other Senate Democrats actually did commit.

An unheeded warning

Former Senate Republicans such as Rick Santorum and Bill Frist have acknowledged
that, during the 2007 immigration reform debate, McCain warned them explicitly
that they were badly mishandling the issue and  making the GOP brand poisonous
to Latinos.

McCain was dead-on. Republicans flunked immigration reform by clinging to an
enforcement-only approach, making culture the issue by declaring English the
national language, ignoring the anti-Latino racism in the debate and gutting
sanctions for those who hire illegal immigrants. Republicans also tinkered with
legal immigration by trying to ditch  family reunification as the guiding
principle.

Yet, Republican demagoguery is only part of the story. Senate Democrats also had
a hand in killing immigration reform in 2007 by trying to torpedo GOP support
for a bipartisan compromise. House Democrats, under orders from Rep. Rahm
Emanuel, D-Ill., kept the controversial issue off the legislative agenda in
2008. Why? Organized labor. Democrats' slavish adherence to unions required that
they derail any proposal that includes guest workers, as any bill with a chance
to win Republican support  would have to do.

In spring 2007, in a maneuver that enraged Sen. Edward Kennedy, D-Mass.,
Majority Leader Harry Reid used political sleight of hand and spin to make it
seem as if a powerless GOP minority had somehow mustered up the power to kill
immigration reform.

The power lay with Senate Democrats, including Obama, who supported a series of
"poison pill" amendments intended to weaken guest-worker provisions and drive
away Republicans. Obama even proposed one such amendment himself.

Millions of undocumented immigrants in the USA blame Republicans for denying
them green cards, but Democrats deserve most of the blame. The truth might have
come out if not for loudmouths on right-wing talk radio who claimed credit for
derailing comprehensive reform, which included a path to legalization for the
undocumented (what critics called "amnesty"). The chest thumping was good news
for Reid, who let the right-wing radio talkers confuse the issue.

And when a hard-hitting Spanish-language ad from the McCain-Palin campaign tried
to set the record straight, the Obama-Biden campaign tried to confuse matters
even further by calling upon Hispanic lawmakers, including Sen. Robert Menendez,
D-N.J., and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, to once again blame Republicans
for killing reform. Many Latino members of Congress rent their services like
mariachis and always sing the same tune:  The Democratic Party is the only one
for Latinos.

The Obama-Biden campaign responded with its own Spanish-language ads, which
tried to link McCain to radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh and then tried to
paint Limbaugh as anti-Latino. The tactic fell apart  when some in the news
media pointed out that Limbaugh and McCain had butted heads over immigration
reform.

Both camps are using Spanish-language ads as part of their underground campaigns
to reach out to Latino voters. They get to make their pitch without incurring
the wrath of English-speaking voters who don't like it when candidates engage in
His-pandering.

Still in play

Because neither Obama nor McCain has had much to say to English-speaking Latinos
since they spoke to a series of Latino advocacy groups last summer, it's no
surprise that a significant percentage of Latino voters in key battleground
states -- 10% to 12% -- are still undecided. That's the finding of a new survey
by the Educational Fund of the National Association of Latino Elected and
Appointed Officials.  The survey of registered Latino voters in Colorado,
Florida, Nevada and New Mexico found that they plan to turn out in high numbers
and that like most Americans, the economy is their top concern. But beyond that,
they remain a mystery.

McCain might have one last chance at a reprieve. And if he racks up wins in key
states, he'll have some old amigos to thank.

Ruben Navarrette  is an editorial board member of the San Diego Union-Tribune, a
nationally syndicated columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group and a
weekly contributor to CNN.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Sam Ward, USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: THE FORUM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 18, 2003, Tuesday

SAYS BOARD SET HIM UP AFTER HE MADE WAVES

BYLINE: By BILL EGBERT DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 451 words

A former Bronx school board member bounced by Schools Chancellor Joel Klein for
mishandling parents association funds charged yesterday he was set up by enemies
on the local board.

Former District 8 member and treasurer Wallace Diamond denied all accusations
and delivered a cutting rebuke to the leadership of the district board.

"This is to shut me up about the hiding of funds and dirty politics on the
school board," Diamond said outside District 8 offices in Soundview.

In a report by Special Commissioner of Investigation Richard Condon to the
chancellor, several members of the Public School 146 parents association accused
Diamond of asking for personal loans of $40 or $50 from the association's petty
cash and of misusing funds he requested for school-related expenses.

In one instance, former PS 146 parents association President Daisy Colon said
she gave Diamond a $100 check for award plaques but they were never received.

Klein ordered Diamond removed Feb. 25.

"I categorically deny all of these allegations," Diamond said yesterday.

He said that although he was issued a $100 check from the parents association,
the money was to repay parents who had placed orders too late for a chocolate
sale fund-raiser, not for plaques.

Diamond also disputed a claim in Condon's report that he "acknowledged that he
gambled and that, in the past, he ran numbers."

"The investigator asked me if I had any habits," said Diamond, "and I said that
when Lotto hits $100 million I might play a number. And as for me running
numbers - that's just ridiculous."

A Levy appointee

Diamond charged he was targeted by District 8 Superintendent Betty Rosa and
entrenched interests on the board because he started making waves after he was
appointed by former Schools Chancellor Harold Levy to fill a vacancy.

"As a newcomer, I was supposed to vote the way they told me to and do things the
way they did things," Diamond alleged. "And when I didn't, then I'm the bad
guy."

Diamond called for an official audit of District 8 finances.

He said that allegations against him started circulating after he questioned
Rosa's failure to provide $50,000 allocated for the school board.

Diamond also charged that theft and misuse of funds is rampant in some parents
associations in the district and that the group at PS 146 - where the
accusations originated - is one of the worst.

"At my request, that parents association was suspended by the board twice last
year for mishandling funds," he said.

Condon's report, however, stated that the investigation found Diamond's
allegations "not credible."

And a spokesman for Klein said, "The chancellor's letter speaks for itself."


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

Police commission demotes sergeant

BYLINE: Kayla Bunge, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


Nov. 20--GENEVA TOWNSHIP -- A town police sergeant was demoted for engaging in
conduct unbecoming an officer and mishandling evidence, the town police
commission ruled late Thursday night.

Sgt. Robert Haase has been suspended 90 days and may return as a patrolman with
a lower salary. He also will receive a written reprimand.

Chief Ed Gritzner in mid-August filed two charges against Haase. Gritzner placed
Haase on administrative leave and asked the police commission to consider firing
him.

Haase was accused of:

-- Frequently meeting with a town court clerk, including an unfounded complaint
the two had sexual contact in a town squad car while he was on duty.

-- Failing to properly package, label and secure evidence taken in a number of
cases after another officer took over his cases while he was suspended.

The committee heard more than eight hours of testimony and deliberated for more
than two hours.

Attorney John Olson, who represented Gritzner, argued Haase violated police
department policy by having a relationship with the clerk, spending an
"inordinate amount of time" texting and meeting during work hours.

Attorney Tod Daniel, who represented the Haase, argued that having a
relationship is not something that should be considered in evaluating the
conduct of an officer.

"There is nothing in this policy that would prohibit a friendly relationship, a
caring relationship or even a sexual relationship between consenting adults," he
said. " ... None of that has anything to do with any standard of conduct."

Haase and the clerk classified their relationship as a friendship, saying they
often confided in one another. Both denied any sexual contact.

Olson also argued Haase repeatedly violated department policies for handling
evidence, calling his manner of storing and keeping track of evidence
"slovenly."

"He created a department's worst nightmare with this amount of material and
evidence that can't be identified," Olson said. " ... There's way too big a
pattern to be an accident. This goes way beyond the issue of mistakes. It goes
to the issue of totally neglecting his duties. ...

"Maybe if he hadn't had so many meetings, maybe if there hadn't been all these
text messages, he would have had time to do his job," he said.

Daniel argued Haase did not compromise any cases or investigations by keeping
evidence--some of which had little or no value to a case--in his desk or the
shelf above his desk.

"There has not been one investigation compromised ... not one case compromised
by what they're claiming to have happened," he said. "No calls from the
(district attorney), no calls from the sheriff's department saying, 'Oh, well,
we blew this.' ... Was the crossing of the Ts and dotting of the Is done on all
of these cases? No. ... But nothing has been compromised."

Haase denied mishandling evidence. He said sometimes officers lock items in
their desks or the shelves above their desks when they don't have time to
process them.

Daniel told the police commission it should consider previous disciplinary
actions against other officers in the department. Minor infractions resulted in
a written reprimand and a more serious infraction resulted in a three-day
suspension.

He said termination was an "over-the-top, beyond-the-pale remedy."

Haase has been with the Town of Geneva Police Department since 2001. He has been
promoted twice, most recently in the summer, when he became a sergeant.

To see more of The Janesville Gazette, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazetteextra.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091120-JG-Police-commission-demotes-sergeant-1120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2009 The Janesville Gazette


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                 June 29, 2008

Proinsias de Rossa sets the record straight

SECTION: COMMENT AND ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 680 words


It's a quiet Monday, and Proinsias de Rossa calls to say hello. Among other
things.

''This is Proinsias de Rossa. Do you know me?"

Of course we do! How are you, old fruit?

''You quoted me as saying I told you to bugger off."

Well, actually we didn't quote you, we characterised the conversation as . . .

''That is untrue. You correct that in next week's newspaper or you'll be hearing
from me. Goodbye."

So, for the record, some few months ago, we reported on the European
Parliament's efforts to hush up a scandal involving the abuse of expenses and
allowances by some of its members.

An investigation by an internal auditor had revealed that some MEPs had paid
allowances for staff to their families, had paid allowances to non-existent
staff, had paid companies they owned themselves, and so on and so on.

We contacted a number of Irish MEPs. Proinsias employed all his legendary charm
when replying.

''I'm sick and tired of journalists ignoring the work of MEPs and then, when one
or two MEPs try to boost their publicity in their own member states by alleging
that all MEPs are involved in wrongdoing, you all sit up and take notice. I'm
sick and tired of it. Goodbye," he said.

This was the conversation that we characterised last week as being told to
bugger off. You be the judge.

* Once again, an item on journalists' expenses has been held over due to reasons
of space. Though there's just room to mention that journalists' expenses aren't
paid for by the taxpayer. More's the pity.

* Hopefully Declan Ganley is enjoying a quiet few weeks after the Lisbon
referendum. He probably had a quiet few days at home. Wherever that is.

''Watford's still my home," the Watford Observer reports him as believing last
week.

''A millionaire entrepreneur credited by Eurosceptics with killing off the
controversial Lisbon Treaty has spoken with pride about his Garston childhood.

''Declan Ganley . . . . grew up in a house on Chichester Way where, he said, the
Watford Observer was a constant fixture at the family table.

''It is Watford that Mr Ganley continues to call home. ''Speaking exclusively to
the Watford Observer from the USA, he said: 'Watford is seared on my soul and my
accent . . .

''I still have plenty of friends back in the Lemonfield estate and visit when I
can. I am hoping to get over in the next couple of weeks.' "

Touching. But odd. The same Mr G told Eamon Dunphy a fortnight ago that ''when
we spoke of home, we always meant west of the Shannon''. No doubt everything
else about Ganley is completely straightforward.

* What's so Italian about the famous Italian Room in Government Buildings? Last
time the AOB editor-in-chief paid a visit to the AOB offices in Rome, it didn't
look a bit like the room in Government Buildings. The Ikea Room, more like.

Anyway, the room has clearly been used for some sort of a training/feel-good
exercise by civil servants recently. The mandarins of foreign affairs and the
Department of the Taoiseach held a mournful briefing for journalists after the
defeat of the Lisbon referendum.

Standing in the corner of the room was a flip-chart with the following motto
emblazoned in black marker: ''Possible to be stress-free and fully engaged!" Not
by the looks of the civil servants present.

* Further Lisbon confusion, this time from the Super Soaraway Sunday Indo.

A pre-referendum editorial counsels: ''The Lisbon Treaty matters and should be
supported . . .We gain nothing by voting No and should not use the referendum as
a way to punish Cowen's government for its mishandling of the economy and its
mishandling of the referendum campaign. Yes is the only answer to Thursday's
question . . ."

Last week, however, Sindo editor Aengus Fanning reveals that he did not take his
own advice: ''Ever since I voted No in the referendum . . ." Honestly, sometimes
it's seriously difficult to keep up with it all.

* Finally, some late news: the government has appointed a new director of
elections for the second Lisbon referendum (er, not that any decisions have been
made). Step forward . . . Robert Mugabe. Top sources say they are confident of a
Yes vote.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                               February 26, 2007

Insurance co. administrator can be sued for bad faith

BYLINE: Eric T. Berkman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1402  words


A financial-services company could sue its insurance carrier's claims
administrator for bad faith based on the administrator's alleged mishandling of
a breach of contract claim, a U.S. District Court judge has ruled.

The administrator argued that the suit should be dismissed because Rhode Island
statutory law only extends bad-faith liability to the actual insurance carrier
that issued the policy in question, not to any third parties.

But Judge William E. Smith disagreed, finding that because the administrator was
also a reinsurer under the policy, it was, in essence, acting as an insurance
carrier and should be subject to a common-law bad-faith cause of action.

"[U]nder the compelling circumstances presented here it is fair to predict that
the Rhode Island Supreme Court would require that [the administrator] comply
with the [p]olicy's implied obligations of good faith and fair dealing," wrote
Smith, denying the administrator's motion to dismiss.

"Importantly," he added, "exposing administrators in [such a] position to such
liability would provide a disincentive for insurers who may wish to deny or
limit claims underhandedly. There is no reasoned explanation for why this
disincentive should not apply with equal force to an administrator [like the one
in this case] who so visibly wears an insurer's hat. "

The 36-page decision is Robertson Stephens, Inc., et al. v. Chubb Corp., et al.,
Lawyers Weekly No. 52-003-07.

Howard A. Merten Jr. and Steven E. Snow, both of Providence, represented the
policyholder. Jonathan A. Constine of Washington, D.C. and Stephen J. Reid Jr.
of Providence represented the claims administrator.

Claim blame

In July 2002, Robertson Stephens, Inc., an investment and securities firm under
the corporate umbrella of FleetBoston Financial, announced that it was ceasing
operations, and it began winding down its business.

Eleven months later, several RSI executives sent Fleet written demands seeking
damages, indemnity and penalties arising from the alleged breach of employment
agreements by RSI and Fleet.

Shortly afterward, Fleet filed a claim with its insurance carrier, FFG Insurance
Co., Ltd. - a captive insurance company owned by Fleet - requesting defense and
indemnification for itself and RSI.

Pursuant to an agreement, another company, Federal Insurance Company, acted as
FFG's claims administrator and received the authority to "receive, review and
evaluate" any claims brought under Fleet's policy and to interpret policy
language, make coverage decisions and settle covered claims up to policy limits.

Though Federal's authority to "deny, negotiate, adjust or settle" claims was
contingent on FFG's express permission, conflicting contract language indicated
that all decisions regarding the ultimate disposition of a claim lay with
Federal.

Federal also had an agreement with FFG where it became a reinsurer of coverage
under the Fleet policy and was obligated to provide a quota share of 30 percent
of the $100 million reinsurance limit of liability in return for the same
percentage of the premiums.

After Fleet filed its claim, neither Federal nor FFG responded. Nonetheless, RSI
and Fleet began negotiating a settlement with the aggrieved RSI executives in
September 2003.

In December 2003, Federal, mistakenly relying on a scrivener's error in the
policy, told Fleet orally that the executives' claims were not covered. Soon
afterward, RSI and Fleet settled with the executives for an amount within the
policy limits.

Fleet informed FFG of the settlement on Jan. 9, 2004. Federal finally responded
to Fleet's claim more than a month later, acknowledging apologetically that the
claims were indeed covered and stating that it would further investigate the
claims and possible defenses.

But FFG did not reimburse RSI and Fleet for costs or the settlement payment. In
response, RSI and Fleet - the plaintiffs - sued both FFG and Federal in U.S.
District Court.

The plaintiffs' claims against Federal included bad faith, tortious interference
with a contractual relationship and negligence in handling the claim. Federal
moved to dismiss all three claims.

The common law

Addressing the plaintiffs' bad-faith claim, Smith acknowledged that under
R.I.G.L. Sect. 9-1-33(a), the state's bad-faith statute, such liability only
extended to the insurance carrier which actually issued the policy.

However, Smith ruled that the plaintiffs' claim could still succeed under common
law, as laid out in the Rhode Island Supreme Court's 1980 Bibeault v. Hanover
Ins. Co., which recognized an independent cause of action in tort for an
insurer's bad faith refusal to deliver payments.

First, Smith rejected Federal's argument that, by codifying Sect. 9-1-33(a), the
state Legislature sought to supersede Bibeault and eliminate any possible
common-law tort cause of action for an insurance carrier's bad faith.

Noting that the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in a 1991 decision,
Borden v. The Paul Revere Life Ins. Co., that the statute had indeed supplanted
the common-law action, Smith observed that subsequent Supreme Court decisions
indicated that the common-law cause of action was still viable.

In determining whether the plaintiffs' action had a chance to succeed, Smith
also relied on several out-of-state cases that allowed bad-faith claims against
parties other than the insurers who issued the policies in question.

"The circumstances at bar present an even stronger case [than the out-of-state
cases] for requiring an administrator in Federal's position to handle claims in
good faith," noted the judge.

For example, said Smith, Federal controlled the ultimate disposition of claims,
while FFG was simply responsible for maintaining adequate reserves for payment
and then paying claims when they were due. Meanwhile, Federal was bound under
the reinsurance agreement to kick in 30 percent of the $100 million reinsurance
liability limit.

"By this arrangement, Federal had a financial incentive to deny or limit claims
because Federal would be obligated to pay out of its own pocket a portion of the
claim amount," said the judge, borrowing language from the 10th Circuit's 1995
Wolf v. Prudential Ins. Co. of Am. decision. "These contractual responsibilities
converge to give Federal 'the power, motive and opportunity to act
unscrupulously. '"

This is much different from cases cited by Federal which involved adjusters with
little control over the claims-handling process and no financial incentive to
deny or limit claims, Smith continued.

Because exposing claims administrators like Federal to bad-faith liability would
discourage insurers from denying or limiting claims underhandedly, it was fair
to predict that the Rhode Island Supreme Court would have required that Federal
comply with standards of good faith and fair dealing, the judge said.

Accordingly, Smith denied Federal's motion to dismiss.

Other arguments

The judge also dismissed Federal's tortious-interference claim, rejecting the
defendant's argument that because it was acting as FFG's agent, the two were
considered the same entity and, as such, Federal could not have tortiously
interfered with its own contract.

"However correct in the abstract, Federal's argument fails because [p]laintiffs
have not conceded that Federal acted within the scope of its authority in
handling (or mishandling) their claims," said Smith. "Like any other agent, an
administrator can [tortiously interfere with the contract of its principal] by
acting beyond the scope of its authority. "

Whether tortious interference occurred was up for debate, the judge conceded.
"However, the allegation alone is enough at this stage to frustrate Federal's
argument, and survive this motion. "

Nonetheless, the judge did grant Federal's motion to dismiss the negligence
claim, applying Rhode Island's "economic-loss" rule, which precludes recovery of
purely financial or economic losses in negligence.

CASE: Robertson Stephens, Inc., et al. v. Chubb Corp., et al., Lawyers Weekly
No. 52-003-07

COURT: U.S. District Court

ISSUE: Could a financial-services company sue its insurance carrier's claims
administrator for bad faith based on the administrator's alleged mishandling of
a claim?

DECISION: Yes, because the administrator -also a reinsurer of the policy - was
acting like an insurance company, it could be subject to a common-law bad-faith
claim

Eric T. Berkman, formerly a reporter for Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly, is a
freelance writer.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Mount Airy News (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

The Mount Airy News, N.C., Tom Joyce column

BYLINE: Tom Joyce, The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words


July 09--OK, so if a drunk driver is pulled over, all he or she has to say is
"yeah, officer, I'm intoxicated, but I wasn't intending to kill or hurt anyone."

Then someone leaves poison out, where it could be ingested by a child or pet,
says the same thing -- even though that action, while not intending to do so,
either harmed someone severely or posed a potential for much harm.

Such arguments sound ridiculous from a law enforcement standpoint, right? Yet
that's the apparent thought process applied to the Hillary Clinton email case
this week by top officials including the U.S. attorney general and head of the
FBI:

"Sure, we admit Clinton was 'extremely careless' in her handling of classified,
sensitive information processed through her home-based unsecured email server
system (I'm paraphrasing here). But we ain't going to prosecute or otherwise
penalize the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee for this."

You see, it allegedly did not involve any apparent intent of wrongdoing on
Clinton's part, although other persons have had their careers and lives
destroyed by such breaches of security.

This situation reminds me of the job I had before rejoining The Mount Airy News
in July 2007. From 2004 to 2006, I worked for a defense contractor in Virginia
which did research that involved both open-source and classified material. When
our reports were completed, a courier from the Defense Department in Washington,
D.C., would come down and be hand-delivered those documents.

Everyone in the building had to obtain a federal government security clearance
shortly after being hired. This was a traumatic experience in itself, including
filling out a long form aimed at ferreting out everything I ever did since
birth, plus supplying complete names and addresses of close family members.

Then if you didn't feel turned inside out enough already, here comes an
investigator to interview neighbors, associates, etc., about your personal life
while also delving into your credit, work, criminal and other histories to
determine if you're a security risk.

The real fun came when fellow employees and I sat through a half-day seminar
conducted by a security manager who put the fear of God in us about what could
happen if we misused classified information. Of course, the worst thing you
could do was sell it to a hostile nation, but much emphasis also was placed on
not being "careless" (there's that word again) with such data.

We were warned that we could be written up, and fired for repeated violations,
of not locking our computers while away from our work stations or leaving out
files marked with classified, top secret or similar labels.

And I personally know of people who have lost their jobs because of lax handling
of sensitive material, and recall the high-profile case of David Petraeus, a
distinguished four-star general who also once headed the Central Intelligence
Agency.

Petraeus became embroiled in a scandal and charged criminally for providing
classified information to Paula Broadwell, his mistress and biographer. The FBI
and Justice Department had no trouble recommending prosecution in Petraeus' case
and he paid a high price for mishandling that information.

So here comes the matter involving Hillary Clinton, who flounces from scandal to
scandal unscathed -- evidently shielded by the same Teflon coating Ronald Reagan
long enjoyed.

Let me now say that it is not a political thing with me. I am an unaffiliated
voter who also steadfastly believes that former President George W. Bush and his
cronies Cheney, Rumsfeld and Rice should be tried as international war criminals
for the 2003 decision to invade Iraq.

It is arguably the worst foreign policy blunder in U.S. history, which upset the
balance of power in the Middle East and is largely responsible for all the
troubles there now.

However, this does not excuse Hillary's mishandling of classified information.

Her situation is a reminder that there is one set of laws that applies to people
like her and another for everyone else.

We all must play by a set of rules on a daily basis and in Hillary's case, the
issue involves more than requiring the same standards of her as the average Joe
(or Tom) when it comes to safeguarding sensitive material.

Hillary should be held to an even higher standard due to holding positions
(first lady, U.S. senator, secretary of state and now presidential candidate)
where she should have known better.

Tom Joyce is a staff writer for The Mount Airy News. He may be reached at
336-415-4693 or on Twitter @Me_Reporter.

___ (c)2016 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160709-NI-The-Mount-Airy-News-N-C-Tom-Joyce-column-0709-20160709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                       Copyright 2016 The Mount Airy News


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 6, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Reno Says She'll Seek Release of U.S. Study on Los Alamos

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 25; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 784 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5


Attorney General Janet Reno has told a group of Asian-American community leaders
that she would seek to make public a highly classified Justice Department report
said to be critical of the investigation and prosecution of Wen Ho Lee, the
former scientist at the Los Alamos National Laboratory who was accused of
mishandling nuclear secrets.

Many prominent Asian-Americans had sharply criticized the government's
prosecution of Dr. Lee, especially because of concerns he had been singled out
because he was Chinese-American and had been initially suspected of spying for
China. The meeting with Ms. Reno, which was on Wednesday, seemed part of the
fence-mending process and both sides expressed satisfaction.

Ms. Reno met with the group of five Asian-Americans in her office in Washington
for about 90 minutes. The group had sought the meeting to explain their call for
a bipartisan, independent inquiry into why Dr. Lee was investigated, whether
there had been racial profiling in his case and whether his treatment while in
prison was unduly harsh.

The group was led by Laura Hong, head of the National Asian Pacific American Bar
Association, and included leaders from the Japanese American Citizens League,
the National Asian Pacific Legal Consortium, the Organization for Chinese
Americans and the National Federation of Filipino American Associations.

Members of the group said Ms. Reno expressed sympathy for their concerns and
added that if they were able to read the internal report, their questions might
be answered.

They also said Ms. Reno had vowed to push for the report's declassification as
soon as possible, adding that if the community leaders were still unsatisfied
after reading it she might consider calls for a new investigation.

Myron Marlin, the Justice Department's spokesman, confirmed Ms. Reno's comments
and added, "The attorney general felt it was a good meeting."

The report was prepared earlier this year by Randy Bellows, an assistant United
States attorney. Its circulation has been tightly restricted, but people who
have read it have said it is authoritative and scathing in its criticisms of all
the agencies involved in Dr. Lee's case, including the F.B.I., the Justice
Department and the Department of Energy.

It reportedly concluded that the investigation of Dr. Lee -- who had been
suspected of, though never charged with, espionage -- was understaffed; that the
investigators never pushed hard enough to examine Dr. Lee's computers at Los
Alamos; and that the government never seriously pursued other suspects.

Dr. Lee pleaded guilty last month to one felony count of mishandling nuclear
secrets after being held in solitary confinement for more than nine months. He
was sentenced to the time he had already served, with no probation or fines. He
agreed to cooperate with government investigators and to explain why he had
downloaded a large volume of nuclear data onto an unsecure computer and made
copies of the information.

In negotiating the deal, the government dropped 58 other counts, and was
chastised by the federal judge who heard the case, James A. Parker, for what he
described as punitive jail conditions and for having misled him about the threat
presented by Dr. Lee's actions.

"I felt reassured that the attorney general understood why the Asian-American
community was so concerned," said Karen Narasaki, the executive director of the
National Asian Pacific Legal Consortium.

In addition, the group asked Ms. Reno to obtain the release of a large volume of
government documents that Judge Parker had ordered the government to produce
concerning the question of whether Dr. Lee had been unfairly singled out for
prosecution. Once the plea deal was completed, the judge's order was dropped.

The Asian-Americans who met with Ms. Reno asked if the documents could be
released anyway, because they addressed the issues of whether other people
accused of similar violations were prosecuted and if law enforcement officials
unfairly focused on Asian-Americans on suspicions that they were more likely to
spy for China or other Asian nations.


                             --------------------


Reno Says Tobacco Suit May Die
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5

 The Justice Department will have to drop its lawsuit against the tobacco
industry unless Congress appropriates $23 million to pay for it, Ms. Reno said
today.

House and Senate spending bills do not provide enough money to continue the
lawsuit, Ms. Reno said.

The suit, which is opposed by many Republicans and tobacco-state lawmakers,
contends that the industry misled the government and the public about nicotine
addiction, and marketed cigarettes to children.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 12, 2014 Sunday

Rubén Rosario: Abuse victims welcome a promise to end the pain

BYLINE: By Rubén Rosario rrosario@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: RAMSEY COUNTY; Crime and Court Stories; Ruben Rosario

LENGTH: 1133 words


The unprecedented public reconciliation was held Monday afternoon in the most
appropriately named building in the Saintly City.

Indeed. The joint announcement of a financial settlement and a child-safety
plan, hammered out by Catholic archdiocese officials and a noted lawyer who has
waged, at least litigiously, a holy war on behalf of child clergy abuse victims
for more than three decades, was held at the Landmark Center. The number on the
former courtroom where the historic gathering was held was also symbolic -- 317.

Look up Luke 3:17 and this is what it says: "His winnowing fork is in his hand,
to clear his threshing floor and to gather the wheat into his barn, but the
chaff he will burn with unquenchable fire."

Essentially, Jesus will hold folks accountable and ultimately keep the good and
do away with the bad.

Room 317 turned into a mass confessional box Monday afternoon. All that was
needed were the exterior green and red lights to determine whether the room was
occupied or empty to receive another sinner's atonement.

But occupied it was, except that the roles were reversed Monday. This time, it
was the church expressing the mea culpa to the aggrieved congregants.

Some 100 people -- including more than 20 mostly male abuse survivors -- came
not only to hear details about a court-approved resolution to a pending lawsuit,
but to witness something they had never seen before -- St. Paul attorney Jeff
Anderson and church higher-ups standing side by side and not across a deposition
table.

Anderson called me Sunday to give me a heads-up on the proposed settlement and
spent much of the day calling past and current clients about the impending
announcement.

"If they see me on TV shaking hands with the bishop, they might wonder what the
(expletive) I'm doing," he quipped.

But shake hands with Auxiliary Bishop Andrew Cozzens and Vicar General Charles
Lachowitzer he did, after weeks of closed-door negotiations. John Nienstedt, the
embattled archbishop accused of mishandling recent clergy abuse cases, was out
of town, ministering to children in Kenya.

A 30-YEAR JOURNEY

It came full circle for Anderson in Room 317.

Thirty years ago, Anderson took on his first clergy-abuse case on behalf of
Gregory Riedle, a former altar boy at St. Thomas Aquinas Church in St. Paul
Park, who accused the Rev. Thomas Adamson of repeatedly molesting him during the
1970s.

At the time it was the first such lawsuit filed against the local archdiocese
and among the first of its kind in the nation. Riedle, later diagnosed with
psychological problems and prosecuted for sexually abusing a young girl himself,
won an undisclosed settlement in 1988.

Two years later, an Anoka County jury awarded another child victim of Adamson
$2.7 million in damages, the first time in U.S. history that punitive damages
were assessed against the Catholic Church in any case and only the second time a
jury had awarded compensatory damages in a sexual abuse case involving a priest.

It should have been a wake-up call to church hierarchy to protect children
instead of child predators in robes. Sadly, they did not get the message, for we
have seen costly scandal after scandal, from Boston to Los Angeles to Ireland to
Minnesota and many other locales.

A state law passed last year allowed a three-year window for clergy-abuse
victims previously barred by the statute of limitations to file lawsuits. One of
them was "John Doe 1," another alleged victim of Adamson's whose claimed
molestation occurred around the same time as Riedle's. The suit, accusing the
church of violating "public nuisance laws," now forced officials through
pretrial discovery to release thousands of previously undisclosed documents as
well as a long list of "credibly accused" priests.

This summer, Adamson, who was ultimately defrocked and now resides in Rochester,
Minn., was deposed once again by Anderson. He has admitted to sexually abusing
more than a dozen boys at various parishes from shortly after he was ordained in
the late 1950s through the early 1980s.

In the videotaped deposition, Adamson is shown sipping a diet soda as he
nonchalantly acknowledges molesting kids.

"I looked at it more as a sin than a crime," Adamson said, pretty much echoing
how the church has until recently looked upon such misconduct by its priests.

AT LAST, HEARTFELT EMBRACES

But Monday was a day to look forward instead of backward.

Anderson, flanked by Cozzens, Lachowitzer, two survivors and others, spoke about
a 17-point child protection plan the church has pledged to follow. It
essentially ranges from notifying law enforcement when an allegation is made to
continuing a church policy "prohibiting employees and volunteers from being
alone with any unrelated minor while serving as an employee or volunteer of the
archdiocese or a parish, subject to common sense exceptions."

Cozzens publicly apologized on behalf of the church. Lachowitzer, whom several
insiders and outsiders credit with bringing a reformist streak to the issue of
clergy abuse when he assumed his post in November, spoke about the church's
renewed commitment to healing and to justice.

"I invite all of us to work together, to be the eyes and be the ears and the
voices for the safety of all of our children wherever they may be," he said. "I
pray that the darkness of the past be overcome by the light of this new day."

Anderson heaped praise on many present in the room. He thanked Jennifer
Haselberger, the former chancellor for canonical affairs who a year ago bared
the archdiocese's mishandling of recent priest abuse cases. He praised Charlie
Rogers, a lawyer working for the archdiocese who pushed for the settlement and
the plan. He praised state Rep. Steve Simon, DFL-Hopkins, who authored the
child-victim bill.

But he mostly praised the group of former child abuse survivors in the room, men
now in middle age and older who lined up at one point to receive heartfelt
handshakes and embraces from Cozzens and Lachowitzer.

"It was your willingness to share your secret, it was your willingness to take
action for the sake of other kids that caused ... hundreds of others to come
forward," Anderson said.

One of them was Al Michaud, who 37 years ago was abused by another Twin Cities
priest.

"This landmark case is truly for the survivors of clergy abuse," he said. "This
settlement and this framework give survivors what we have wanted all along: as a
way to come forward without being shamed, judged and dismissed, and I hope this
is a fresh start for survivors.

"And no longer will we be ridiculed or challenged and beaten down by the church
because the church is no longer our enemies," he added. "They are our allies."

He admitted he is skeptical, "but I hope that everything that I am hearing today
is true."

Rubcn Rosario can be reached at 651-228-5454 or twitter.com/nycrican.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Mahowald of St. Paul, who was sexually abused as an 11-year-old at
Guardian Angels Church in Hastings in 1961, pumps his fist in reaction to a new
child protection plan announced jointly by Jeff Anderson & Associates and the
Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis during a news conference in St. Paul on
Monday, Oct. 13, 2014. (Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)
Charles Lachowitzer, vicar general of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and
Minneapolis, speaks during a news conference in St. Paul on Monday, Oct. 13,
2014, as attorney Jeff Anderson, left, listens. (Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)
Rubén Rosario

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 4, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Trial writes a new chapter for criminal justice system

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis; Robert Davis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 569 words


The controversial "trial of the century" is sparking a questioning of some
pillars of the American judicial system.

Already under assault:

-- The time-honored jury system, representation of defendants and selection of
judges.

A USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup Poll Tuesday found 38% of respondents say the jury system
should be substantially changed; 58% say it should remain mostly as it is.

-- The recent introduction of TV cameras in courtrooms.

Already, the Simpson case has been cited in three other high-profile trials as
reason for barring cameras: in California's Polly Klaas kidnapping case; the
Susan Smith murder trial in South Carolina; and the Texas trial of a woman
accused of killing Tejano music star Selena.

-- Police conduct.

The Justice Department is examining whether the Los Angeles Police Department
could face civil rights cases.

"We in the criminal justice system will be paying for this verdict for many
years," says Roy Black, defense lawyer who won an acquittal for William Kennedy
Smith on rape charges. "The perception is (that) money, power, great lawyers can
overpower facts in a case."

Nashville tavern owner Kathleen Moore, still bitter 13 years after seeing the
man she believes helped kill her sister and brother-in-law go free in a plea
bargain, says: "It's called the criminal justice system and that's just what it
is. It's for the criminal."

Criminal justice experts say little about the Simpson trial has been typical and
hope that those who've glimpsed inside the jury trial system for the first time
won't judge the system from this one example.

"This case," says New York State attorney general Dennis Vacco, "came to embody
all that is wrong with that system, as the search for truth took a back seat to
the battle to win."

Many defend the system.

"The jury system is a good system," says Robert Payant, a judge in Michigan for
23 years before becoming president of the National Judicial College, which
trains 3,000 judges a year. "People have talked about the need for reforming the
jury system, but that's usually when a verdict is returned they don't think is
correct."

Proponents of permitting cameras in courtrooms - now in 47 states - worry that
the circus-like atmosphere in the Simpson case, televised worldwide, may hurt
their cause.

"There may be a temporary backlash in notorious cases," says Court TV chief
anchor Fred Graham.

Michigan State University justice professor Jay Siegel says, "Kicking TV out
will lessen the theatrics and posturing."

For law enforcement officials, the trial's lessons are as varied as the barrage
of criticism lodged by Simpson's defense lawyers, suggesting that Los Angeles
police engage in racist behavior.

Police reforms nationally seem inevitable, from weeding out racist cops to
preventing mishandling of evidence, says Police Chief Darrel Stephens in St.
Petersburg, Fla.

"I don't think police have really felt the effects (of the trial) completely
yet," Stephens says. But he's had with police chiefs across the nation "and we
know there's going to be some impact."

The speed of the verdict resulted from Judge Lance Ito's mishandling of the
trial and may lead to changes in how judges are chosen, said Larry Klayman, head
of a reform group called Judicial Watch.

"Our judges are very much politicians," he says. "We need a system that takes
the politics out of it."

Contributing: John Hanchette

LOAD-DATE: October 05, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Anne Ryan, USA TODAY

THE O.J. SIMPSON TRIAL; 12 Pages of coverage

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               June 9, 2004 Wednesday Five Star Late Lift Edition

GUILTY UNTIL PROVEN INNOCENT

BYLINE: ERIC MINC

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Mink, Eric Column

LENGTH: 943 words


JUSTICE

Who is going to give Capt. James Yee's life back to him?

Not the U.S. Army, which arrested the American citizen and West Point graduate,
smeared him, threw him in solitary confinement for two and a half months,
humiliated him at a pre-court-martial hearing and then, finally, dropped all
charges and sanctions against him and put him back on active duty as a military
chaplain at Fort Lewis near Tacoma, Wash. -- as if nothing had happened. Yee's
nightmare began last September and ended -- officially, at least -- seven months
later. To date, his government has neither apologized nor admitted any
wrongdoing. But it did take the precaution, as reported by ABC News' Jake
Tapper, of essentially slapping a gag order on Yee that keeps him from talking
about what happened.

Yee was taken into custody Sept. 10, 2003, during a customs inspection at the
Naval Air Station at Jacksonville, Fla., as he headed home to Washington for a
week of leave from his assignment as a Muslim chaplain at the Guantanamo Bay
prison in Cuba.

Ten days later, with Yee now confined at a naval brig in Charleston, S.C., word
of his arrest was leaked to the press. In an inflammatory story that soon was
widely cited on the Internet, cable news channels and in conservative columns,
the Washington Times reported that "the army has charged Capt. Yee with five
offenses: sedition, aiding the enemy, spying, espionage and failure to obey a
general order." The paper cited an unnamed "law-enforcement source."

A Washington Post story the next day noted the statement of an official army
spokesman that "no formal charges, either criminal or civil" had been filed
against Yee. However, the Post found another "knowledgeable official" (unnamed)
who linked Yee to crimes "relating to espionage."

Follow-up accounts, invariably attributed to unidentified government sources,
referred ominously to documents found on Yee -- diagrams of cells on Guantanamo
and lists of prisoners -- and the danger of such information falling into
terrorist hands. A Washington Times story of Sept. 22 was headlined, "Chaplain
arrested to protect lives."

An Oct. 6 Time magazine story about Yee and possible security breaches at
Guantanamo was peppered with references to spies and spy plots, and a review of
theories about what Yee might have been doing didn't include the possibility of
innocence.

Yee spent 76 days in solitary confinement and, according to a detailed story
last month in USA Today, was subjected to sleep- and sensory-deprivation
techniques that are prohibited by the Geneva Conventions and sometimes called
"torture lite."

The Army finally charged Yee on Oct. 10, but not with "sedition, aiding the
enemy, spying, espionage and failure to obey a general order." He was charged
only with mishandling classified materials, but he was kept in solitary.

Yee was released from custody in November after a Washington attorney
specializing in military law and assisting Yee's Army lawyers, Eugene R. Fidell
of Feldesman Tucker Feifer Fidell, wrote to President George W. Bush complaining
of Yee's treatment. But as it did so, the government suddenly added charges of
adultery, downloading pornography to a computer and lying to investigators.

The next month, in a move hard to interpret as anything but petty and
vindictive, the only witness the government called against Yee at a
pre-court-martial hearing was a Navy lieutenant who testified that she and Yee
had had an affair. Yee's parents, wife and 4-year-old daughter were in court at
the time, USA Today reported.

That hearing was suspended before any documents were introduced, and three
months later, all the criminal charges against Yee were dropped. In a statement
bordering on ludicrous, the commander of the Guantanamo base, Maj. Gen. Geoffrey
D. Miller, said he had done so to protect "national security concerns that would
arise from the release of the evidence." Yet the person who supposedly snatched
and made off with these vital documents was returned to his original posting at
Fort Lewis to resume his duties.

Not before, however, the army slapped him with noncriminal reprimands for
adultery and downloading porn to a government computer. Yee appealed to Gen.
James Hill, head of the army's Southern Command, who wiped the sanctions off
Yee's record.

So Capt. James Yee of the U.S. Army -- American citizen, honorable graduate of
the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, N.Y., convert to Islam -- winds up
guilty of exactly . . . nothing.

A similar case against Air Force Senior Airman Ahmad al-Halabi, a Syrian-born
American who worked as a translator at Guantanamo, seems to be similarly
unraveling. A sworn statement by one of the investigators in that case, obtained
and reported last month by the Sacramento Bee, suggests that the investigation
ran amok.

Meanwhile, Gen. Miller's name has surfaced in connection with his mission to
export to Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison the brilliant investigative and interrogative
techniques used at Guantanamo and admired by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
Shortly after Miller's mission, abuses of prisoners escalated.

Ten days ago, Yee took part in a program about Islam at the Washington State
History Museum in Tacoma. Mindful of the gag order restricting his public
comments, Yee said nothing about his firsthand experience with abuse of power
and authority.

But Rob Tucker, a reporter covering the event for the Tacoma News Tribune, noted
that some folks attending tossed some bills into a hat to help cover Yee's legal
expenses. Afterwards, Tucker wrote, a man came up to Yee and shook his hand. "I
apologize as an American," the man said.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: COMMENTARY: A FORUM FOR OTHER VOICES, IDEAS AND OPINIONS

GRAPHIC: photo; Photo from GETTY IMAGES - U.S. Army Capt. James Yee holds his
daughter, Sarah, before the Muslim chaplain heads into a hearing Dec. 8, 2003,
at Fort Benning, Ga. Yee was accused of mishandling secret information at the
U.S. prison for terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

TYPE: COMMENTARY

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

Lynch to accept FBI call on Clinton emails;
AG: Meeting with Bill Clinton cast shadow over investigation.;
CLINTON EMAILS

BYLINE: Mark Landler and Matt Apuzzo

SECTION: ; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 925 words


U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch (right) acknowledged Friday that her meeting
with Bill Clinton while his wife, presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, is
under investigation "cast a shadow" on the case.

WASHINGTON - Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, conceding that her airport
meeting with former President Bill Clinton this week had cast a shadow over a
federal investigation of Hillary Clinton's personal email account, said Friday
that she would accept whatever recommendations that career prosecutors and the
FBI director make about whether to bring charges in the case.

"I will be accepting their recommendations," Lynch said in an appearance at the
Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado. She said that "the case will be resolved by
the same team that has been working on it from the beginning."

The attorney general said she had decided several months ago to defer to the
recommendations of her staff and of the director of the FBI because her status
as a political appointee sitting in judgment on a politically charged case would
raise questions of a conflict of interest.

The meeting with Bill Clinton, she acknowledged, only deepened those questions,
and she said she felt compelled to publicly explain her reasoning to try to put
concerns to rest.

"I think that people have a whole host of reasons to have questions about how we
in government do our business, and how we handle business and how we handle
matters," Lynch said. "And I think that, again, I understand that my meeting on
the plane with former President Clinton could give them another reason to have
questions and concerns."

While she insisted that the meeting was a purely social encounter, Lynch said,
"I certainly wouldn't do it again."

Lynch described the questions raised by her meeting as personally distressing
for her because they stained the reputation of the Justice Department.

"The fact that the meeting that I had is now casting a shadow over how people
are going to view that work is something that I take seriously, and deeply and
painfully," she said.

Republicans said the meeting, which took place at the Phoenix airport, had
compromised the independence of the investigation as the FBI was winding it
down. Some called for Lynch to recuse herself, but she did not take herself off
the case - one that could influence a presidential election.

Lynch said she wants to handle the Clinton investigation like any other case.
Since the attorney general often follows the recommendations of career
prosecutors, Lynch is keeping the regular process largely intact.

The FBI is investigating whether Hillary Clinton, her aides or anyone else broke
the law by setting up a private email server for her to use as secretary of
state. Internal investigators have concluded that the server was used to send
classified information, and Republicans have seized on the matter to question
Clinton's judgment.

For the Justice Department, the central question is whether the conduct met the
legal standard for the crime of mishandling classified information.

Lynch said that the meeting with Bill Clinton was unplanned, largely social and
did not touch on the email investigation. She suggested that he walked uninvited
from his plane to her government plane, both of which were parked on a tarmac at
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. Clinton first appointed Lynch as a
U.S. attorney in 1999.

"He said hello and we basically said hello, and congratulated him on his
grandchildren, as people do," she said Friday. "That led to a conversation about
those grandchildren."

Lynch's account has not mollified Republican lawmakers, who said the meeting
raised questions about the integrity of the government's investigation.

"In light of the apparent conflicts of interest, I have called repeatedly on
Attorney General Lynch to appoint a special counsel to ensure the investigation
is as far from politics as possible," Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas and a member of
the Judiciary Committee, said in a statement on Thursday.

The meeting created an awkward situation for Lynch, a veteran prosecutor who was
nominated from outside Washington's normal political circles. In her
confirmation, her allies repeatedly sought to contrast her with her predecessor,
Eric H. Holder Jr., an outspoken liberal voice in the administration who clashed
frequently with Republicans who accused him of politicizing the office.

Her reassurance that she will not overrule her investigators is significant.
When the FBI sought to bring felony charges against David Petraeus, the former
CIA director, for mishandling classified information and lying about it, Holder
stepped in and reduced the charge to a misdemeanor. That decision created a deep
- and public - rift.

The FBI is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the
coming weeks, though agents have yet to interview Hillary Clinton. While some
legal experts said they believed that criminal indictments in the case were
unlikely, the investigation continues to cast a shadow over her presidential
campaign.

Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, seized on the
private encounter, describing it in a radio interview as a "sneak" meeting and
saying it exposed the rigged nature of the process.

Even some Democrats criticized the meeting.

"It doesn't send the right signal," Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., said in response
to a question on CNN's "New Day." While he said he believed that Lynch was an
independent prosecutor, "I think she should have steered clear, even of a brief,
casual, social meeting with the former president."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday

Help for the Ford plant

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 1182 words


I would like to thank City Council Member Pat Harris and Mayor Chris Coleman for
working to save my job and those of other Ford employees. I would like to thank
Sen. Ellen Anderson for the jobs bill ("Legislature OKs jobs bill backed by
Pawlenty," March 30). I would like to thank Gov. Tim Pawlenty for signing the
bill into law. It is a good start in keeping Ford here in St. Paul.

I think that the federal government needs to help out, too. To keep the plant
here, Sens. Amy Klobuchar and Al Franken and Reps. Betty McCollum, John Kline
and Keith Ellison need to talk to Ford about what other needs it has.

The plant is more than 90 years old. The machines are more than 25 to 30 years
old. If the plant closed, it would cost about $1 billion to clean up the site,
and the city and state would lose more than $90 million in taxes. Other
businesses nearby will close, resulting in the loss of additional taxes. With
the loss of jobs comes the loss of more tax dollars.

Southern states have federal aid to get jobs there. And to keep them. That's why
our U.S. senators and representatives need to talk to Ford to keep the plant
here.

Les Lucht, St. PaulConstitution 101

Rather than continue to bicker over the good and bad aspects of health insurance
reform, I think Republicans and Democrats should come together and instead
demand the immediate repeal of the most clearly unconstitutional portion of the
plan -- the mandate.

Supporters say the mandate is necessary to hold down costs and that it's
permitted under the Commerce clause. Unfortunately, that clause doesn't give the
federal government the power to tax individuals, the 16th Amendment does -- and
even then it's limited only to income.

The legal solution is to make the mandate a tax applying only to those
individuals earning an income. Such a tax, while still bad policy, would then be
arguably constitutional and would still fulfill the liberals' goal of covering
most Americans without being an infringement on the 10th Amendment. It's
Constitution 101.

If even I can figure out the constitutionality of something in five minutes or
less, why can't Congress?

Benjamin J. Hedberg, Forest LakeStadium entitlement?

For the past of couple weeks, I've heard how wonderful the Twins' new stadium is
from the Twins owner, upper management, the manager and the players.

And not once did I hear anybody thank the taxpayers of Hennepin County for this
wonderful new stadium. What I am hearing is an entitlement mentality from these
people that they somehow deserve this new venue.

Don Anderson Jr., Cottage Grove Not this bill, not this way

I cannot quietly let backward logic be unanswered.

The writer of "It's democracy" (April 4) said that the elected representatives
for whom he voted acted in accordance with his wishes in regard to the health
care reform bill. Because they (representatives) were in the majority, the
measure passed.

Yet every poll has shown that 60 to 70 percent of Americans are against this
health care reform bill and how it was passed. The majority of Americans want
reform, but not this bill and not this way. Democracy is to be ruled by the
majority and the majority said, "NO!"

The representatives did not represent the people. The Constitution (read it) was
not followed on how this bill was passed. That is what people are upset about.
The ends do not justify the means. You are correct, "It's called a democracy."
That is what the people want.

Todd H. Helland, River Falls, Wis.What Jesus would do

Thank you to Joe Soucheray for having the courage to write about his positive
memories growing up in the Catholic Church (March 28).

Similar to Joe, growing up, my family maintained close relationships with our
parish priests and never experienced any inappropriate behavior by any of them.
Positive experiences such as ours vastly outnumber the incidences of
inappropriate behavior by the Catholic clergy. The reason we rarely, if ever,
hear about the healthy relationships and the many good things priests do for
their parishes and parishioners is that they simply are not deemed to be
newsworthy.

The misdeeds and mishandling of the current Catholic clergy sexual abuse scandal
have been decades in the making. Therefore, it will take many years to work
through the deep pain that has been inflicted on the many victims both here in
the United States and across Europe.

In response to this crisis, the easy thing for Catholics to do is leave the
church. However, in doing so we fail the test of our faith.

Instead, we must realize that the abusive acts, the perpetrators of those acts
and the mishandling of them do not represent the beliefs and mission of the
Catholic Church.

It is the duty and responsibility of each and every Catholic, especially in this
time of great despair, to be part of the healing and rebuilding of the Church.
Now is the time for all of us to come together to help the victims, instead of
abandoning them. I believe this is what Jesus would do.

Tony Mailhot, HastingsTo fix the problem

It's true that at first the Catholic Church thought that treatment could cure
the problem of sexual abuse of children by priests ("In defense of the bishops,"
March 28). But once those priests were treated and reassigned and the abuse
occurred a second and third and fourth time or more, the bishops knew.

The writer points out that this is a problem in other denominations, as well. It
is, but nowhere does it compare to the number and scope of that in the Catholic
Church (one priest and 200 vulnerable deaf children in the most recent case).
Nor does it compare in the secrecy and cover-up. The press may seem to be unfair
in its reporting, but it certainly has a lot to work with.

I, too, would like to wake up one day and find out it's all not true. I want
this terrible blight to be healed in our church, but defending or excusing those
in authority who continued to make horrendous decisions to reassign or cover up
will not fix this problem.

Elly Fried, St. Paul A child or a billionaire?

I was left wondering if the writer might have grabbed his dictionary for
"Challenging health care" (April 1).

Specious: Appearance seeming to be good, sound, correct, etc., without really
being so.

I hope his situation is such that the dice cannot roll against him, leaving him
uninsured. His arguments and pleas to the insurance tycoons about why he should
be covered would be viewed by them as specious, at best.

I also wondered if he noticed that, on the day his letter appeared, we learned
the true cost of the Wall Street bailout according to reports from the New York
Times and CNN. This included not just the $780 billion in TARP from Congress,
but also $3.8 trillion in low-interest loans through the Federal Reserve.

The staggering $4.6 trillion bailout of Wall Street represents 32 percent of
2008 GDP, and about 130 percent of the 2009 federal budget.

Oh, and we learned of the multi-billion-dollar salaries of the top hedge fund
managers. Yep, with a "b" not an "m." I would rather have my tax dollars prop up
the child with a pre-existing condition than the Wall Street billionaires.

Alan D. Soder, Cottage Grove

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 21, 1999, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A6

LENGTH: 659 words



WEST

GOLDEN, Colo.

Editor who worked on JonBenet story is indicted

An editor of a supermarket tabloid has been indicted on a charge of offering a
bribe to a handwriting expert for a copy of the JonBenet Ramsey ransom note,
authorities said Monday.

Craig Lewis, an editor with The Globe, was indicted Thursday on charges of
commercial bribery and criminal extortion, the District Attorney's Office in
Jefferson County said. If convicted, he could be imprisoned up to six years and
fined up to $ 500,000. The indictment was public Monday.

According to the indictment, Lewis in April 1997 offered $ 30,000 to Donald
Vacca, a handwriting expert who was working for John and Patricia Ramsey, the
parents of the slain girl. Vacca declined the offer, plus two others that came
days later, according to the indictment.

The indictment said the criminal extortion count related to alleged attempts in
1998 to force a Boulder police officer to disclose information on the JonBenet
murder investigation to stop publication in the tabloid of an article that the
officer's mother had committed suicide. The indictment added that the suicide
allegation was untrue.

The Globe said it believed the charges were without merit.

===

SOUTH

BEEVILLE, Texas

80 prison inmates escape from cells, are recaptured

A prisoner unlocked his cell door, overpowered a guard and freed dozens of
maximum-security inmates Monday at a prison where a corrections officer recently
was stabbed to death.

Although 80 inmates escaped from their cells, they never got beyond their
cellblock of the McConnell Unit. Riot teams regained control of the
maximum-security area four hours later. The inmates emerged from their cells
shortly after 3:30 a.m. Prison riot teams moved in about 5 a.m. with gas and
batons and brought the situation under control by 7 a.m.

===

EAST

WASHINGTON

Accused nuclear physicist sues government agencies

A physicist charged with 59 counts of mishandling secret data at a U.S. nuclear
weapons research lab filed a lawsuit Monday against U.S. government agencies,
alleging that violations of privacy led to his portrayal as a spy for China.

The civil lawsuit was filed in federal court in Washington by Wen Ho Lee and his
wife, Sylvia, and charged the Justice Department, the FBI and the Energy
Department with violating the Privacy Act. The lawsuit sought an unspecified
amount of monetary damages.

Lee, who was fired from the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico in
March for alleged security violations, became publicly linked this year to
accusations that China had stolen top-secret U.S. nuclear weapons information.
Lee has denied passing secrets to China and pleaded not guilty to the charges of
mishandling classified information.

WASHINGTON

U.S. embassies plan to delay issuing of visas

U.S. embassies abroad will be open, with extra security, at the start of the new
year, but they will not be issuing visas right away, State Department officials
said Monday.

No nonimmigrant visas will be issued the first two working days of January, and
no immigrant visas will be issued the first two weeks so personnel can
concentrate on Y2K priorities, the officials said.

WASHINGTON

Defense chief, celebrities visit U.S. troops in Europe

Defense Secretary William Cohen and his wife, Janet Langhart Cohen, flew to
Europe with a delegation of entertainers and celebrities Monday to visit U.S.
troops in Bosnia, Kosovo, Macedonia and Italy.

The Cohens will help distribute gifts to service members, including footballs
donated by the Washington Redskins and the National Football League, and soccer
balls provided by the D.C. United professional soccer team.

Among those accompanying the Cohens are singer Mary Chapin Carpenter and
recording artists Ruth Pointer, Shane Minor, John Carroll, Mary Ann Redmond and
Reginald Royal.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 4, 1992, Thursday, Tampa Edition

Mayor is told of investigation of departments

BYLINE: RICHARD DANIELSON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



As a potential defendant prepared to face criminal charges, law enforcement
authorities Wednesday briefed Mayor Sandy Freedman about a continuing
investigation into several city departments.  .     Assistant State Attorney Lee
Atkinson, Public Safety Administrator Robert Smith, City Attorney Pam Akin,
Police Chief Eddie Gonzalez and several other high-ranking police officials
discussed the investigation with Freedman for about an hour.

    Afterward, Atkinson would not say whether the meeting meant that authorities
were getting ready to file charges or make an announcement about the status of
their investigation.

    On Tuesday, however, an attorney for a former city water official said he
expected developments in the investigation might come as soon as today.

    "All I know is that I represent a person who is alleged to have committed a
crime," said Robert A. Foster Jr., who represents former city water distribution
manager Gilbert R. Manter. "It appears that no crime has, in fact, been
committed, and they seem to think one has.

    "From time to time," Foster added, "law enforcement makes mistakes, and this
is one of those times."

    Foster said he is "kind of in the dark about what the allegations are," but
he said Manter is "ready to exonerate himself at trial, if necessary."

    City officials suspended Manter, 45, in May 1991 after receiving several
complaints about the Water Department, including one that scrap brass from water
meters had been sold illegally. Utility officials referred the allegations to
the Police Department. Manter resigned in August 1991.

    Atkinson would not discuss any allegations about city departments Wednesday
but said he briefed Freedman "to the extent that it was appropriate." He
described the investigation as a "single investigation into multiple
allegations" that are "not necessarily linked."

    Through a spokesman, Freedman refused to comment. Atkinson said she asked
several times during the meeting whether city employees have cooperated in the
case. He said they have.

    "From the beginning, it was the city that notified the police," he said.
"The police then at least verified that there were allegations that merited
inquiry. The state attorney's office was then called in."

    Last week, Atkinson said some of the allegations proved to be unfounded
while others are still under investigation. He would not say Wednesday which
allegations have been found not to be substantiated.

    In addition to reviewing Manter's personnel file and Water Department
records, investigators also have questioned city employees and sought records
regarding the solid waste, purchasing, fleet maintenance, convention facilities
and internal audit departments.

    The most recent subpoenas concerned the convention facilities department,
which came in for criticism last month in a widely publicized draft report from
the city's internal auditors.

    In a preliminary report, auditors zeroed in on what they described as poor
record-keeping, failure to follow city ordinances and mishandling of funds.

    In response, the managers of Tampa's convention center acknowledged that
they must keep better records and plan to change the way they rent the center,
but they denied mishandling funds.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 25, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cattle abuse wasn't rare occurrence;
Government records show other slaughterhouses broke humane-handling regulations

BYLINE: Julie Schmit

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1003 words


The abuse of non-ambulatory cattle at a California slaughterhouse has renewed
calls for a ban on the slaughter of such animals, and newly released government
records show such mishandling in past years was more than a rare occurrence.

More than 10% of the humane-slaughter violations issued by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture for the 18 months ended March 2004 detailed improper treatment of
animals that couldn't walk -- mostly cattle, says the Animal Welfare Institute,
an animal-protection group.

The finding, drawn from USDA records the institute recently received in response
to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request, is included in a report to be
released today  on humane-slaughter violations. It comes as the USDA steps up
checks on conditions at the nation's 900 slaughterhouses following abuses at
Westland/Hallmark Meat, now at the heart of the biggest beef recall ever.

An undercover animal-rights worker at the plant used a video camera to document
workers moving downed cows with forklifts, sticking them repeatedly with
electric prods and spraying water down their noses to make them stand, allegedly
to get them to slaughter.

The USDA called the actions "egregious violations of humane-handling
regulations." American Meat Institute (AMI) spokeswoman Janet Riley called them
an "anomaly."

But the  USDA records obtained by the Animal Welfare Institute describe 501
humane-handling or slaughter  violations that occurred at other slaughter
plants.

At one plant, a downed cow  was pushed 15 feet with a forklift. Other companies
were cited for dragging downed but conscious animals, letting downed cattle be
trampled and stood on by others  and, in one case, using "excessive force" with
a rope and an electric prod to get a downed cow to stand, the enforcement
records say.

The Animal Welfare Institute is a 57-year-old non-profit that seeks to abolish
factory farming and achieve humane slaughter. The report's author, Dena Jones,
requested the USDA enforcement records in March 2004. The USDA provided them 30
months later, she says.

The records were largely generated before the USDA in 2004 generally prohibited
downed cattle from being slaughtered, as a protection against beef infected with
mad cow disease getting into the food supply. Cattle that can't walk are
believed to be at higher risk of having mad cow disease.

Cattle can be slaughtered if they're standing for an initial preslaughter
inspection and then go down because a USDA veterinarian finds that they suffered
a non-food-safety injury, such as a broken leg.

The AMI's Riley says the frequency of violations regarding non-ambulatory cattle
may have dropped since 2004 because of the USDA's prohibition. It's not known
what percentage of inhumane-treatment citations since 2004 related to
mishandling of downed animals. The USDA said it would require a FOIA request to
release those records.

Attention in Congress

What occurred at Westland/Hallmark led Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., to
introduce a bill this month to ban the slaughter of all non-ambulatory animals
and shut down slaughter facilities that repeatedly violate the rules. Sen.
Daniel Akaka, D-Hawaii, a co-sponsor of the bill, has sought a ban since 1992.
"Animals that are sick or too weak to stand or walk on their own should not be
slaughtered and used for food," Feinstein said Monday  in a statement.

The AMI, the meat industry's leading trade group,  opposes a ban.

Millions of pounds of wholesome meat would be lost if animals with any injury
couldn't be slaughtered, it says.

The AMI estimates the number of non-ambulatory cattle affected by a ban may be
as few as 25,000 a year, mostly dairy cows at the end of their milk-producing
lives.

Animal-rights activists counter that a ban would increase food safety and
shorten the suffering of disabled animals.

"If crippled animals cannot be sold for food, slaughter plants have no reason to
prolong their misery to try to get them through the slaughter process," Wayne
Pacelle, CEO of the Humane Society of the United States, recently told a
congressional committee.

Downer cattle are especially troublesome, Pacelle says. They not only carry a
risk of mad cow disease, but they are hard to move humanely because they're so
big.

Pacelle says the USDA regulation allowing some non-ambulatory cattle to be
slaughtered provides financial incentives to slaughter cattle that shouldn't be.

Dairy farmers, who provided many of the cattle to the now-closed
Westland/Hallmark, may get a few hundred dollars for a sick cow taken to
slaughter vs. paying to have it removed if euthanized on the farm.
Slaughterhouses may then seek to recoup costs by slaughtering unfit animals, he
says.

The financial toll of slaughtering just a few unfit animals can be huge.
Westland/Hallmark isn't expected to reopen given the huge costs of recalling two
years of its production. The beef wasn't recalled because of inhumane handling,
but because the USDA found evidence that the plant improperly slaughtered some
non-ambulatory animals. That raised what USDA officials called a very remote
prospect that mad-cow-infected beef got into the food supply.

Redirecting inspectors

Like the AMI, the USDA has said that what occurred at Westland/Hallmark was an
isolated case. Still, it has directed inspectors to spend more time the next six
weeks checking humane-handling practices.

Jones says the USDA devotes less than 2%  of its inspection activities to live
animals. The rest has to do with review of meat after slaughter. She says the
USDA needs more checks to safeguard the well-being of animals.

"They don't see the violations because they don't spend enough time in areas
where live animals are being held," Jones says.

The Government Accountability Office, the investigative arm of Congress, said in
a 2004 report that humane violations are likely under-reported because USDA
inspectors miss them. At Westland/Hallmark, the abuses were uncovered by a
worker for the Humane Society of the United States, not the five USDA inspectors
at the plant daily.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Veronica Salazar, USA TODAY, Source: Animal Welfare
Institute analysis of Department of Agriculture data (BAR GRAPH)
PHOTO, B/W, Damian Dovarganes, AP
PHOTO, B/W, Walter Richard Weis, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                     January 13, 2004 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

ALLEGED SPY'S COURT-MARTIAL BEGINS TODAY;
SYRIAN-AMERICAN AIRMAN AND TRANSLATOR AHMED I. HALABI WAS ARRESTED IN JULY

BYLINE: SCOTT MARSHALL, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 427 words


A court-martial is scheduled to begin this morning at Travis Air Force base for
an airman charged with trying to spy for Syria while working as an translator at
the U.S. Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

Ahmed I. Halabi, 24, a Syrian-American who denies the charges, was arrested July
23 when he returned to the United States from Cuba, after investigators had
watched him for months.

Three other people were subsequently arrested on suspicion of attempting to spy
or mishandling classified information at Guantanamo, where the United States has
imprisoned 660 terrorist suspects.

Halabi's charges are the most serious, including allegations he tried to deliver
messages from the detainees to someone in Syria, where he was traveling to be
married when authorities detained him.

Halabi, who has been jailed at Vandenberg Air Force Base, faces 17 counts,
including espionage, records show. He originally was charged with 30 counts, but
10 counts were dropped in November, including those which could have resulted in
a death penalty.

Three more counts were dropped in December, including one count of aiding the
enemy and two counts of espionage. He still faces allegations that he mishandled
classified information and attempted espionage.

Halabi has maintained his innocence.

The other three Guantanamo-based men are Army chaplain Capt. James Yee, former
civilian linguist Ahmed Mehalba, charged in U.S. District Court in Massachusetts
with carrying classified material from Guantanamo, and Army Col. Jackie Duane
Farr, 58, accused of making a false statement and failure to follow orders.

Yee was arrested Sept. 10 on suspicion of espionage but charged with only two
counts of mishandling classified information. He was released after 76 days in a
Navy brig and then charged with making a false statement, adultery and storing
pornography on his computer at Guantanamo.

Halabi's arraignment, at which a military judge will formally read the charges
to him, begins his court-martial, the most significant case to arise from the
Guantanamo arrests.

Halabi's military and civilian attorneys at one point requested access to some
of the detainees at the prison and could make more motions today before the
military judge in the proceeding, Air Force Col. Barbara Brand.

Some of the proceedings could be closed to the public and reporters if
prosecutors cite national security concerns, said Capt. Angela Smith, a
spokeswoman at Travis, where Halabi is stationed.

Reach Scott Marshall

at 925-945-4745 or smarshall2@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Halabi mug.

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       June 4, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Turtle's death prompts complaint

BYLINE: SUE LANDRY

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 692 words



(ran NS S editions of Tampa Bay & State)

After 10 summers of roaming the beaches at all hours of the night as a
volunteer to help protect endangered sea turtles, Tony "The Turtle Man"  Lozon
has been stopped by the state.

The reason: allegations by a volunteer that Lozon mishandled a rare albino
turtle hatchling.

But an official with the National Marine Fisheries Service, which is
investigating the complaint, said Lozon is unlikely to face criminal charges
and, in fact, probably will merit no more than a reprimand.

"We take into consideration the motivation of the individual," said  Robert
Spraitz, the agency's assistant special agent in charge for the West  Coast of
Florida. "If he had attempted to sell this animal, that would be a  different
story. If he's taking it in as a good Samaritan, that would be  another
consideration."

Lozon said that is exactly what he was trying to do when he took the sick
albino turtle home with him in September. Lozon said he left the turtle with a
volunteer who often helps him because he was scheduled to leave on a trip to
the Florida Keys to film a documentary.

Lozon said the turtle had started improving before he left. But when he  called
from the Keys, the volunteer told him the hatchling was doing poorly  again.
Lozon instructed the volunteer to take the tiny turtle to Mote Marine
Laboratory in Sarasota. It died there.

"He was sick. You don't release a sick turtle," Lozon said. He said  albinos of
any species have difficulty surviving in the wild, and that this  turtle was
later found to have a virus.

Francis Krickler, another volunteer who has worked with Lozon in monitoring
turtle nesting, filed a complaint with the Florida Marine Patrol, which turned
the complaint over to National Marine Fisheries.

This spring, the state Department of Natural Resources turned down Lozon's
request for a permit to monitor turtle nesting in the central part of the
county as he usually does.

Instead, the Clearwater Marine Science Center received the permit, which  allows
it to handle turtles and eggs and to gather research information to  help the
state protect the endangered reptiles.

Krickler also applied for a permit for the same area and was turned down.

Spraitz, the agent with the marine fisheries office, said the complaint  against
Lozon was put on the back burner until now because it was a low  priority. He
said the incident appeared to be a technical violation of a  permit rather than
the willful mishandling of an endangered species.

"This is not a horrendous violation like someone who had gone out and  massacred
a bunch of porpoises," Spraitz said.

Under state rules that govern the monitoring of turtle nesting, volunteers  are
supposed to take sick or injured turtles to a licensed animal  rehabilitator,
such as Mote, Spraitz said. That's because volunteers might not  have the skills
or knowledge to treat the animal properly, he said.

Lozon said the incident has disheartened him. He said he can't understand  why
Krickler filed the complaint.

"It's really breaking my heart," Lozon said. "I wasn't getting paid for  what I
was doing."

Krickler refused to talk in detail about the incident, but said "my only
concern was for the hatchlings."

Lozon has appealed the DNR's decision, but his lawyer, Dan Kasaris, said  Lozon
is mainly interested in clearing his name. Since Lozon's health has been  bad,
he has decided it might be better if he stayed away from the beaches this  year
anyway, Kasaris said.

Lozon wants the DNR to rescind the letter of denial that contains  allegations
of mishandling the job, Kasaris said.

"All we're concerned about right now is removing those (black) marks,"  Kasaris
said.

So are supporters of Lozon, who have gathered petitions and are preparing  to
write letters if need be to the state agencies involved.

"He's the only guy I know that will stay out all night helping to take  care of
the turtles, then go help you plant mangroves all day without any  sleep," said
Ralph Heath, director of the Suncoast Seabird Sanctuary in  Redington Shores.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; CITY

 TIMES; TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                               November 17, 2004

Asylum policy blamed for Yarl's Wood riot: Push to double deportations led to
'flimsy' detention centre

BYLINE: Alan Travis, Home affairs editor

SECTION: Guardian Home Pages, Pg. 8

LENGTH: 773 words


The government's "ambitious and unachievable" policy of doubling the
deportations of failed asylum seekers was behind the riot and fire that half
destroyed the £100m Yarl's Wood immigration removal centre, according to the
inquiry report published yesterday.

Stephen Shaw, the prisons ombudsman, said there was so much pressure from
ministers to achieve the now abandoned target of removing 30,000 failed asylum
seekers that the 1,000-bed detention centre, near Bedford, had been built at
"breakneck" speed.

The result was that the building - the biggest of its kind in Europe - was so
"astonishingly flimsy" that it was "not fit for the purpose" and could not
withstand the riot in February 2002.

The 250,000-word report said the riot at the centre, run by the private security
company, Group 4, had been triggered by the mishandling of an everyday incident
involving a female detainee three months after it opened: "Within a few minutes
control was lost, within a few hours half of the building had been destroyed."

"The story of Yarl's Wood is of an ambitious and, as things turned out,
unachievable policy for the removal of failed asylum seekers," Mr Shaw said.
"The fire and disturbance at Yarl's Wood were on a scale never before seen in a
place of immigration detention and of a magnitude rarely experienced by any
institution."

He said it was comparable to the Strangeways riot in 1990 which destroyed the
Manchester jail.

Contrary to continuing speculation, he said, he did not believe that anybody had
died at Yarl's Wood and the physical injuries, for the most part, were few and
slight.

"I hope that my report will put an end to the rumours that detainees lost their
lives at Yarl's Wood, and to the false allegations that Group 4 staff prevented
access by the fire service and locked detainees in a burning building."

But one female detainee was probably raped by a male detainee during the
disturbance, though she did not press charges, and it was likely that another
had been assaulted.

Mr Shaw also confirmed that one Group 4 officer had needed hospital treatment
after jumping from a second-floor window to escape a mob. Three others who had
barricaded themselves in an office and "genuinely thought they would not get out
alive, and that if they did surrender they would be put in the fire". They
escaped after being protected by Zimbabwean detainees.

But Mr Shaw said the trigger had been Group 4's mishandling of an incident
involving Ms E, who with other women attempted to join male detainees at a
church service in the segregated centre on the night of February 14 2002. She
was refused entry and restrained by Group 4 staff. One of the male detainees,
who witnessed this, broke through a door with a fire extinguisher and others
joined the disturbance.

The first fires were not lit until two hours later and the report said an early
show of force could probably have restored order but, "once staff had withdrawn,
keys had been taken, cameras broken and some staff held hostage, any
intervention would have carried risk to life".

He said the decision not to install sprinklers had been more defensible than
some media coverage suggested, saying the then home secretary, Jack Straw, had
not been told the centre was built of steel, plywood and plasterboard rather
than concrete, or of the poor water supplies available locally.

But he said if the disturbance had not broken out at Yarl's Wood "the same
potential existed 40 miles away" at Harmondsworth detention centre, which was
built in a similar way.

The report of the official Prison Service inquiry into the riot at Harmondsworth
in July this year, also published yesterday, said it had been upgraded at a cost
of £22m in the aftermath of the Yarl's Wood riot, with the result that it was
far better capable of withstanding the impact of a disturbance.

The home secretary, David Blunkett, said last night that, at the time, asylum
applications were at high levels and it was an urgent priority to create more
detention accommodation to support the removal of failed asylum seekers. "It is
easy to be wise with hindsight, but I acknowledge that the weakness in design
and materials identified by Stephen Shaw existed and made the centre more
vulnerable to a disturbance than it would otherwise had been," he said.

He said lessons had been learned and the new Colnbrook removal centre near
Heathrow, which is built of concrete, was of a much more robust design.

Links

www.ppo.gov.uk/download/ reports/yarlswoodinquiryreport.pdf Ombudsman's report
on Yarl's Wood

guardian.co.uk/refugees


LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Federal Court Orders Scott M. Ross and his Companies to Pay More than $6.7
Million in Restitution and a Civil Monetary Penalty for Defrauding Investors in
His Commodity Pools, Mishandling Customer Funds, and Failing to Properly
Register as a Commodity Pool Operator

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Washington


Commodity Futures Trading Commission has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) obtained a federal court
Order requiring Defendants Scott M. Ross, formerly of Gilberts, Illinois, and
his companies, Maize Capital Management, LLC and Maize Asset Management, LLC,
jointly to pay $5,402,818.89 in restitution to the participants in his
fraudulent and illegal "Maize Fund" investment scheme, as well as a $1.3 million
civil penalty. The court previously entered a Consent Order that imposes
permanent trading and registration bans against all Defendants. Ross currently
is incarcerated in Federal prison for his role in two other fraudulent
investment scams.

The Memorandum Opinion and Order, entered by Judge James B. Zagel of the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, stems from a CFTC
Complaint filed in September 2009, charging Ross and his companies with
violating the core anti-fraud provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (Act) in
connection with activities relating to the solicitation and management of a
pooled foreign exchange account called the Maize Fund. According to the
Complaint, Ross and his companies engaged in extensive fraud and other unlawful
conduct by making false statements to prospective investors in marketing
materials, issuing false account statements that reflected profits when trading
was not profitable, mishandling customer funds, and failing to properly register
with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator (see CFTC Press Release 5712-09).

In the Order, the court finds that Ross and his companies unquestionably were
the cause of customers' losses. "[T]he fraudulent acts in this case were, by
their nature, a part of every transaction relating to the Fund. Every dollar in
the Fund was both obtained and retained through fraud," the Order finds. The
Order further finds that the Defendants violated "core provisions of the Act and
these violations severely harmed the Fund's customers," thus warranting the
imposition of a substantial penalty.

The CFTC cautions victims that restitution orders may not result in the recovery
of money lost because the wrongdoers may not have sufficient funds or assets.
The CFTC will continue to fight vigorously for the protection of customers and
to ensure the wrongdoers are held accountable.

CFTC Division of Enforcement staff members responsible for this action are
Joseph Konizeski, Elizabeth Pendleton, Michael Tallarico, William Janulis, Scott
Williamson, Rosemary Hollinger, and Richard Wagner.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                             March 6, 2005, Sunday

LETTER TO THE SPORTS EDITOR

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 421 words


Title silver lining on black cloud over UNCW

Sports Editor:

Congratulations to UNCW's men's team for bringing home their fourth consecutive
CAA championship this past weekend. Congratulations to our women's team who came
within six points of capturing the title for themselves.

This in some ways is even more of a victory after the season these young women
have been through. They survived Chancellor DePaolo and Dean Curran's
mishandling of their misconduct and the deeply regrettable loss of athletic
director Peg Bradley-Doppes, who supported the swimmers and divers as they
worked through an unbelievable mess.

T-shirts reading "This One's For Peg" worn at the championship meet and other
meets showed their love and support for an athletic director who, in my opinion,
has been the victim of a power struggle created by Chancellor DePaolo.

When we came to freshman orientation three years ago, one of the most impressive
points about this school to which we entrusted our daughter was the positive
atmosphere, a sense of belonging to family. Students learn and thrive in a
positive environment.

The greatest sense of that family feeling came from Coach Allen and his
leadership style as well as the overall leadership of Ms. Bradley-Doppes.

Since Chancellor DePaolo has become head of the "UNCW family" there appears to
be disharmony, distrust and micromanagement of individual parts of the UNCW
family.  The misconduct of the women's swim team is merely a drop in the bucket.
After having met with the chancellor and two trustees we believe the chancellor
demonstrated poor judgment. In my opinion, she demonstrated her lack of
experience in leadership, people skills and basic ethics. It is disturbing to us
that we cannot heartily recommend UNCW while it is under the leadership of Dr.
DePaolo. ...

For most of us this unfortunate situation of misconduct and the mishandling of
it is over. But what will happen next? If we have a dean on staff who can
basically violate students' rights because they are athletes, do the job of the
athletic director in her absence and get away with it while being fully
supported by the chancellor, what or who will be next? We feel great concern for
those trying to teach and work under this black cloud.

Sadly, after being in Fairfax, Va. four days for the championship meet, the
opinion of competing swimmers, coaches and parents is that our chancellor is the
laughing stock of the Colonial Athletic Association.

Beverly Teague

Waterford, Va.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 5, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Book Due Soon By Wen Ho Lee Is Causing Stir

BYLINE:  By WILLIAM J. BROAD

SECTION: Section 1; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1244 words


Wen Ho Lee, the former Los Alamos scientist who was charged with security
violations and jailed for nine months, may be on a collision course with the
government over whether he has violated security rules in the handling of his
forthcoming autobiography.

The bubbling dispute puts the federal government in an awkward position. Critics
said that the government imprisoned Dr. Lee because of his ethnic background,
and federal officials are wary of new accusations of racism. But other would-be
authors who fall under the same security rules as Dr. Lee, as well as some
federal officials, say fairness demands that the government deal with Dr. Lee no
differently than anyone else if he has broken the rules.

Individuals like Dr. Lee who receive security clearances, especially high-level
ones that give access to nuclear secrets, pledge to submit any manuscripts to
federal censors before letting other people see them. The aim is to prevent the
inadvertent release of government secrets.

Dr. Lee submitted his manuscript to federal censors in July, three months before
its intended publication, in October. Federal and private security experts said
that the submission for review was belated and that it was highly likely that
people other than the author -- like his co-author and his editor, among others
-- had seen the manuscript. If so, he could have violated federal rules and in
theory could find himself facing new charges and penalties.

One person who admitted reading the manuscript, and who spoke on the condition
of anonymity, said that at least five people had seen it and that it contained
nothing that would get Dr. Lee in trouble.

"This is not national secrets he's revealing," the person said. "It's a nice
little story."

Joseph H. Davis, a spokesman for the Department of Energy, which runs Los Alamos
and is reviewing Dr. Lee's manuscript, said the agency would make no exception
to its rules for the scientist. "We're not going to shortcut that process or cut
any corners for anybody," he said.

Normally, Mr. Davis added, if the government finds that a manuscript under
review has been distributed to others and contains secrets, "then it becomes a
question of whether the U.S. Justice Department would pursue that" to see if
laws were broken. He said he could not say when the review might be completed.

Mark Holscher of Los Angeles, one of Dr. Lee's lawyers, said the scientist would
have no comment. "From our perspective," he said, "Dr. Lee is following the
procedures that we believe are required by law for the publication of his book."

Dr. Lee's book, "My Country Versus Me: The First-Hand Account by the Los Alamos
Scientist Who Was Falsely Accused of Being a Spy," is described as an
autobiography and was written with Helen Zia, a journalist. It will be published
by Hyperion Books.

While the book is scheduled for publication in October, the dispute over the
security rules and over whether his manuscript contains federal secrets could
delay its publication, the security experts say.

Will Schwalbe, the book's editor and the editor in chief of Hyperion Books,
which is based in New York, defended Dr. Lee's actions and denounced any attempt
to slow the book's publication.

"The way he was treated was a disgrace," Mr. Schwalbe said, referring to the
government's actions. "If there were attempts made to stop this book's
publication or hinder it, that would add to the disgrace." He said he believed
that Dr. Lee was a "patriotic American who has no intention whatsoever of
revealing any classified information."

A Lee family friend said that Ms. Zia was deferring all questions to the book's
editor. Mr. Schwalbe declined to say whether he had read the manuscript.
Usually, any book this close to publication would have been thoroughly edited
and readied for printing.

Hyperion's publicity describes the book as a "compelling narrative that takes
readers inside Los Alamos," the New Mexico birthplace of the atomic bomb and
today a sprawling federal laboratory complex. It says the book's disclosures
include why Dr. Lee downloaded nuclear weapons codes to insecure computers, what
he really did at Los Alamos for two decades and how the Federal Bureau of
Investigation was "hell-bent on proving Wen Ho Lee was a spy, even if they had
to resort to deception and fabrication to do so."

In December 1999, prosecutors charged Dr. Lee with 59 counts of mishandling
classified information. But in September 2000, after Dr. Lee had spent nine
months in jail awaiting trial, a judge freed him after he pleaded guilty to one
felony count of mishandling secrets.

Dr. Lee's plea agreement put no restrictions on his writing about his
experiences. A publisher's advertisement says the book tells the story of Dr.
Lee, his legal battle and "how violations of nuclear security were rampant
throughout the weapons laboratory."

People have gotten into serious legal trouble for ignoring the censors, which
Mr. Lee has not done. Frank Snepp, a former employee of the Central Intelligence
Agency, was accused of violating his security oath after he skipped the security
review to publish "Decent Interval," about the fall of Saigon. Eventually, he
was forced by the Supreme Court to give the government $140,000 from the book's
earnings.

One expert critical of both Dr. Lee's handling of his manuscript and the
government's stance in his own case is Danny B. Stillman, who once directed
intelligence at the Los Alamos laboratory and has a reputation for being a
stickler on security rules.  On June 18, Mr. Stillman sued the government after
his manuscript on the Chinese nuclear arms program had been delayed 18 months by
a prepublication security review. He charged that the government was blocking
his freedom of speech.

On July 24, Mr. Stillman's lawyer, Mark S. Zaid, who is based in Washington,
wrote the Justice Department to warn of a potential for perceived unfairness in
Dr. Lee's security review. He said he suspected that the government would find a
way to respond quickly to Dr. Lee's submission, "unlike the 19 months my client
had to wait." Mr. Stillman and Dr. Lee met at Los Alamos.

Mr. Zaid, in the letter to Gail Walker, the Justice Department trial lawyer
assigned to his client's case, said that Dr. Lee "obviously provided his
co-author and the publisher with full access" to the manuscript and "may very
well have committed an unauthorized disclosure of classified information."

Mr. Zaid added that if his client's case went into prolonged litigation, he
would bring the Lee security review "to the court's attention." The two sides
are in negotiations.

A senior federal official familiar with government security reviews for secrets,
who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the Lee case was so politically
charged that Washington might pull its punches. "They're scared to death of the
guy," he said, most especially of new "charges of racism."

A private expert familiar with Dr. Lee's case, who also spoke on the condition
of anonymity, said the government was unlikely to go after Dr. Lee even if he
did share the manuscript with other people. The reason, he said, is that "you
can't write a book in the modern age without violating security rules."

For instance, he said, individuals are likely to use home computers to write
books rather than going to a secure federal site with computers specially
prepared to handle secrets, as the letter of the law requires. "You're not going
to prosecute people for that," the expert said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 26, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

BILL TO REOPEN '94 QUAKE CLAIMS PASSES;
IN LIGHT OF THE EARLIER QUACKENBUSH CONTROVERSY, THE MEASURE GIVES VICTIMS
ANOTHER CHANCE AT FILING

BYLINE: Steve Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


Legislation that could give thousands of Northridge earthquake victims another
chance to file damage claims is on its way to the governor.

The bill, SB1899, approved 21-7 by the Senate, was prompted by a scandal this
spring involving former Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush.

Lawmakers discovered that Quackenbush let a half-dozen insurers accused of
mishandling Northridge-related claims escape the potential of billions of
dollars in fines by giving far less to a fund he created. His department then
dropped its pursuit of alleged claims violations.

The bill would give many property owners who say their insurance companies
failed to compensate them for damage from the massive 1994 quake another year to
file claims, starting Jan. 1.

Under current law, claims had to have been filed within a year of the
earthquake.

The Senate approved the bill after its author, Senate leader John Burton, D-San
Francisco, angrily denied a Republican critic's assertion that he had promised
to add more restrictions than the final version contained.

"I do not want you acting like I broke a commitment to you," Burton yelled at
Sen. Bill Morrow, R-San Juan Capistrano, who wanted more limits placed on who
could refile claims. Morrow voted against the bill.

The measure would not cover property owners who failed to contact their insurers
about potential Northridge quake damage before the start of this year.

Burton said that provision was designed to keep people who never contacted their
insurers about damage from using the bill as an excuse to file a claim.

The measure also wouldn't cover damage claims settled in negotiations between an
insurer, a property owner and the property owner's attorney or ruled on by a
judge.

"Only those settlements gotten by fraud or misrepresentation are the ones that
are covered by this," Burton said.

Senate Insurance Committee Chairwoman Jackie Speier said her panel heard from
"over 100 people who had been ripped off one way or the other by one insurance
company or another."

The bill's supporters contend that thousands didn't receive the money they
should have because of insurance company misconduct.

Speier, D-San Mateo, cited the case of a 74-year-old woman told by an insurance
adjuster that her only damage was $2,600 worth to a fence. When a contractor
later found another $70,000 in damage to her property, the insurer said the
statute of limitations had run out.

Opponents suggested the bill is premature.

Sen. Ray Haynes, R-Riverside, said it could lead to more lawsuits and suggested
it might be better to give the new insurance commissioner, Harry Low,
authorization to reopen claims where there was evidence an insurer mishandled a
case.

"Low was appointed by Gov.. Gray Davis to succeed Quackenbush, who resigned
under threat of impeachment for letting several insurers avoid the possibility
of billions of dollars in fines for mishandling Northridge claims.

Instead of running the risk of up to $3 billion in fines, the insurers agreed to
pay $19 million to nonprofit foundations set up by Quackenbush.

Part of that money was used for TV ads that critics say benefited Quackenbush
politically.

Insurance industry groups argue that the bill is unconstitutional because it
would violate insurance contracts that include a one-year statute of limitation
on claims.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 26, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

BILL TO REOPEN '94 QUAKE CLAIMS PASSES;
IN LIGHT OF THE EARLIER QUACKENBUSH CONTROVERSY, THE MEASURE GIVES VICTIMS
ANOTHER CHANCE AT FILING

BYLINE: Steve Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


Legislation that could give thousands of Northridge earthquake victims another
chance to file damage claims is on its way to the governor.

The bill, SB1899, approved 21-7 by the Senate, was prompted by a scandal this
spring involving former Insurance Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush.

Lawmakers discovered that Quackenbush let a half-dozen insurers accused of
mishandling Northridge-related claims escape the potential of billions of
dollars in fines by giving far less to a fund he created. His department then
dropped its pursuit of alleged claims violations.

The bill would give many property owners who say their insurance companies
failed to compensate them for damage from the massive 1994 quake another year to
file claims, starting Jan. 1.

Under current law, claims had to have been filed within a year of the
earthquake.

The Senate approved the bill after its author, Senate leader John Burton, D-San
Francisco, angrily denied a Republican critic's assertion that he had promised
to add more restrictions than the final version contained.

"I do not want you acting like I broke a commitment to you," Burton yelled at
Sen. Bill Morrow, R-San Juan Capistrano, who wanted more limits placed on who
could refile claims. Morrow voted against the bill.

The measure would not cover property owners who failed to contact their insurers
about potential Northridge quake damage before the start of this year.

Burton said that provision was designed to keep people who never contacted their
insurers about damage from using the bill as an excuse to file a claim.

The measure also wouldn't cover damage claims settled in negotiations between an
insurer, a property owner and the property owner's attorney or ruled on by a
judge.

"Only those settlements gotten by fraud or misrepresentation are the ones that
are covered by this," Burton said.

Senate Insurance Committee Chairwoman Jackie Speier said her panel heard from
"over 100 people who had been ripped off one way or the other by one insurance
company or another."

The bill's supporters contend that thousands didn't receive the money they
should have because of insurance company misconduct.

Speier, D-San Mateo, cited the case of a 74-year-old woman told by an insurance
adjuster that her only damage was $2,600 worth to a fence. When a contractor
later found another $70,000 in damage to her property, the insurer said the
statute of limitations had run out.

Opponents suggested the bill is premature.

Sen. Ray Haynes, R-Riverside, said it could lead to more lawsuits and suggested
it might be better to give the new insurance commissioner, Harry Low,
authorization to reopen claims where there was evidence an insurer mishandled a
case.

"Low was appointed by Gov.. Gray Davis to succeed Quackenbush, who resigned
under threat of impeachment for letting several insurers avoid the possibility
of billions of dollars in fines for mishandling Northridge claims.

Instead of running the risk of up to $3 billion in fines, the insurers agreed to
pay $19 million to nonprofit foundations set up by Quackenbush.

Part of that money was used for TV ads that critics say benefited Quackenbush
politically.

Insurance industry groups argue that the bill is unconstitutional because it
would violate insurance contracts that include a one-year statute of limitation
on claims.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
California: JOHN PHILIP MONCRIEF, Plaintiff, v. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF
CORRECTIONS AND REHABILITATION, et al., Defendants.

LENGTH: 815  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of California has
issued the following order:



  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA JOHN PHILIP
MONCRIEF, Plaintiff, v. CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF CORRECTIONS AND REHABILITATION,
et al., Defendants. No. 2:12-cv-0414 MCE AC P ORDER During a closed hearing on
November 2, 2016, the court granted counsels' motion to withdraw and plaintiff
was given sixty days to retain replacement counsel.

ECF No. 100. Plaintiff was cautioned that if replacement counsel did not file a
notice of appearance by January 3, 2017, he would have to continue proceeding in
pro se. Id. He was further cautioned that the court would only grant an
extension of time if he was making concrete progress toward securing counsel.
Id. On December 21, 2016, the court granted plaintiff a thirty-day extension of
the time for replacement counsel to make an appearance, based on plaintiff's
representation that the attorneys he had contacted were not willing to look at
his case until after the holidays. ECF No. 102. Plaintiff was warned that no
further extensions would be granted unless he showed that he was close to hiring
new counsel. Id. Plaintiff now requests that the court appoint counsel to
represent Case 2:12-cv-00414-MCE-AC Document 104 Filed 01/26/17 Page 1 of 3 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 2 him
going forward. ECF No. 103. The United States Supreme Court has ruled that
district courts lack authority to require counsel to represent indigent
prisoners in § 1983 cases. Mallard v. United States Dist. Court, 490 U.S. 296,
298 (1989). In certain exceptional circumstances, the district court may request
the voluntary assistance of counsel pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1915(e)(1). Terrell
v. Brewer, 935 F.2d 1015, 1017 (9th Cir. 1991); Wood v. Housewright, 900 F.2d
1332, 1335-36 (9th Cir. 1990). "When determining whether 'exceptional
circumstances' exist, a court must consider 'the likelihood of success on the
merits as well as the ability of the [plaintiff] to articulate his claims pro se
in light of the complexity of the legal issues involved.'" Palmer v. Valdez, 560
F.3d 965, 970 (9th Cir. 2009) (quoting Weygandt v. Look, 718 F.2d 952, 954 (9th
Cir. 1983)). The burden of demonstrating exceptional circumstances is on the
plaintiff. Id. Circumstances common to most prisoners, such as lack of legal
education and limited law library access, do not establish exceptional
circumstances that would warrant a request for voluntary assistance of counsel.
In his request, plaintiff alleges mishandling of his case, and once again refers
to the court's previous comment that this case was originally being handled as
if plaintiff was proceeding in pro se. ECF No. 103. Plaintiff misunderstands the
court's previous comment. In stating that the case was being handled as if
plaintiff were proceeding pro se, the court was referring to the way in which
the case was being handled administratively. The court was not commenting on the
quality of counsel's representation. While plaintiff is correct that his
previous counsel was sanctioned, the sanction was for $250.00 jointly for
failing to respond to defendants' motion to dismiss and failing to appear at the
hearing on the motion. ECF No. 68. It was not for $500.00 each for "moving
forward as if a pro per was running the suit" as plaintiff appears to believe.
ECF No. 103. Regardless, retained counsels' alleged mishandling of the case and
the fact that they were sanctioned does not create an exceptional circumstance
warranting a request for voluntary assistance of counsel. Nor does it change the
potential merit of plaintiff's claims, and therefore his likelihood of success
on those claims, or his ability to articulate those claims on his own. On the
current record, the court is unable to assess the likelihood of success on the
merits and plaintiff appears able to adequately express himself and his
positions. Case 2:12-cv-00414-MCE-AC Document 104 Filed 01/26/17 Page 2 of 3 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 3
Plaintiff has not met his burden of showing that extraordinary circumstances
exist in this case and his request for appointment of counsel will be denied.
Accordingly, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that: 1. Plaintiff's motion for appointment of
counsel (ECF No. 103) is denied. 2. The deadline for replacement counsel to
appear in this case will remain February 2, 2017. If replacement counsel does
not appear by that date, plaintiff shall continue to proceed in pro se. DATED:
January 26, 2017 Case 2:12-cv-00414-MCE-AC Document 104 Filed 01/26/17 Page 3 of
3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JUNE 20, 1995 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

HOW BAD IS IT? PAROLE SYSTEMS IN PENNSYLVANIA AND NEW JERSEY ARE PLAGUED BY
PATRONAGE AND POOR MANAGEMENT. "MUDMAN" AND OTHER MESS-UPS HIGHLIGHT TWO
OVERWORKED SYSTEMS OPERATING WITH LITTLE ACCOUNTABILITY OR CONTROL.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 718 words


The parole systems in Pennsylvania and New Jersey are broken, and unless the
governors step in to fix them, a bistate parole war could fester and undermine
the goal of mainstreaming paroled inmates into the regional community.

How bad is it?

"Pennsy (messed) up real bad! And Pennsylvania is real touchy about taking our
parolees, and yet they send us 'Mudman.' Now there's a dead cop . . . "

Those are the sentiments of a New Jersey corrections official over the handling
of convicted murderer Robert "Mudman" Simon, released from Graterford Prison in
February and charged with murdering a New Jersey police officer in May.

The mishandling of the Simon parole involved bad decisions by the corrections
department (it barred him from furloughs, but not parole) and the board of
probation and parole (it let him out).

The scrutiny that followed has unearthed signs that the Pennsylvania parole
system is fraught with infighting, racial unrest and a battle to protect
patronage in the new Ridge administration. One administration official called it
"a system in crisis."

For one thing, Pennsylvania parole watchdogs snoozed for three years while New
Jersey improperly placed parolees in Pennsylvania treatment facilities.

For another, parole board cohesiveness has been shredded by several lawsuits
filed by parole staffers suggesting that discrimination, favoritism and
political infighting are rife. Two black officers won $220,000 in a
discrimination suit against white supervisors, and a white supervisor won a
civil service challenge by successfully proving he was transferred to a job with
less power purely for political reasons by the chairman of the probation and
parole board, who is black.

The system, according to an informed source, is split into two camps, one lined
up behind board chairman Allen Castor, the other allied with Paul J. Descano,
bureau director of field parole officers. Gov. Ridge, who is expected to issue a
report soon, can't fall into the trap of favoring one group over another if the
system is to be reformed.

The Pennsylvania situation is bad, but in New Jersey the picture is no prettier.
There, the parole system seems out of control, with parole officers appearing to
act as independent contractors with little oversight from Trenton.

The officers were using unaudited state funds to send paroled inmates to
drug treatment houses in Pennsylvania (and other states) without notifying
officials in the other states. Those actions represent a clear violation of the
interstate compact governing such exchanges, according to stories by Inquirer
staff writers Maureen Graham and Larry King.

A state report from Corrections Commissioner William Fauver's office is
justifiably critical of Pennsylvania's actions in the Simon case. As for home-
state goofs, the Fauver report pointed mainly to "errors in judgment" by parole
officers who let Simon remain in a haven of Warlock activity, and it noted some
"confusion" among top administrators, including Mr. Fauver's underling and
brother-in-law, Bureau of Parole Chief Victor D'Ilio.

Translation from self-protective bureaucratese: New Jersey also messed up the
Simon case.

The Fauver report lays most of the home-state blame for mishandling Simon on
Robert Romoser, the administrator in charge of cross-state parolee exchanges.
And the report seems to excuse Mr. D'Ilio, though noting that his office was
part of the "confusion."

That shouldn't excuse the unacceptable fact that Mr. Fauver is overseeing a
close relative. This obvious conflict should bar him from any role in
investigating the activities of Mr. D'Ilio's bureau.

Gov. Whitman must change this chain of command quickly. Mr. Fauver, the nation's
longest surviving corrections chief, is at the very least out of touch with the
parole operation under his jurisdiction.

The problems in both states are not necessarily the fault of the hundreds of
overworked parole officers on the front lines. The caseload for each New Jersey
officer is a daunting 80 to 1, and a nearly unbelievable 100 to 1 in
Pennsylvania.

So as they investigate their respective systems, Govs. Ridge and Whitman must
first uncover all improper activities and administrative problems. Then they
need to revamp each program according to better models.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tomorrow: The earmarks of a smart parole system.

TYPE: EDITORIAL SERIES

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Federal Court Orders Scott M. Ross and his Companies to Pay More
than $6.7 Million in Restitution and a Civil Monetary Penalty for Defrauding
Investors in His Commodity Pools, Mishandling Customer Fun

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Commodity Futures Trading Commission has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) obtained a federal court
Order requiring Defendants Scott M. Ross, formerly of Gilberts, Illinois, and
his companies, Maize Capital Management, LLC and Maize Asset Management, LLC,
jointly to pay $5,402,818.89 in restitution to the participants in his
fraudulent and illegal "Maize Fund" investment scheme, as well as a $1.3 million
civil penalty. The court previously entered a Consent Order that imposes
permanent trading and registration bans against all Defendants. Ross currently
is incarcerated in Federal prison for his role in two other fraudulent
investment scams.

The Memorandum Opinion and Order, entered by Judge James B. Zagel of the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, stems from a CFTC
Complaint filed in September 2009, charging Ross and his companies with
violating the core anti-fraud provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act (Act) in
connection with activities relating to the solicitation and management of a
pooled foreign exchange account called the Maize Fund. According to the
Complaint, Ross and his companies engaged in extensive fraud and other unlawful
conduct by making false statements to prospective investors in marketing
materials, issuing false account statements that reflected profits when trading
was not profitable, mishandling customer funds, and failing to properly register
with the CFTC as a Commodity Pool Operator (see CFTC Press Release 5712-09).

In the Order, the court finds that Ross and his companies unquestionably were
the cause of customers' losses. "[T]he fraudulent acts in this case were, by
their nature, a part of every transaction relating to the Fund. Every dollar in
the Fund was both obtained and retained through fraud," the Order finds. The
Order further finds that the Defendants violated "core provisions of the Act and
these violations severely harmed the Fund's customers," thus warranting the
imposition of a substantial penalty.

The CFTC cautions victims that restitution orders may not result in the recovery
of money lost because the wrongdoers may not have sufficient funds or assets.
The CFTC will continue to fight vigorously for the protection of customers and
to ensure the wrongdoers are held accountable.

CFTC Division of Enforcement staff members responsible for this action are
Joseph Konizeski, Elizabeth Pendleton, Michael Tallarico, William Janulis, Scott
Williamson, Rosemary Hollinger, and Richard Wagner.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                           January 29, 2004 Thursday

Missouri Supreme Court upholds $580,000 default judgment

BYLINE: Deborah Fauver

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


Forgetting that she had been served with a civil complaint did not justify a
defendant's three-month delay in responding, held the Missouri Supreme Court on
Tuesday, affirming a default judgment of more than $580,000 against a marina
owner sued for negligently dewinterizing a boat.

The decision reverses an order of Jackson County Circuit Court Judge Peggy
Stevens McGraw, which set aside the default judgment based on the findings that
the marina owner had "good cause" for the delay as well as a meritorious
defense.

Resolving the case solely on the issue of good cause under Rule 74.05(d), the
Supreme Court decline to review any possible defenses to the action, which had
been brought by a father and son injured when their boat engine exploded.

"[T]he only cases in which defendants have been held to have established good
cause for failure to file are those, unlike the case at hand, in which the
defendants had taken at least some action in their defense within the 30-day
period before default," wrote Judge Stephen N. Limbaugh Jr. for the unanimous en
banc court.

A process server testified that she served Carla Blazier, the owner and
registered agent of Millstone Marina, on May 23, 2000. She further testified
that she knew Blazier because she had served her "about six times" previously.

Millstone did not file an answer, so the plaintiffs, Eric and Joseph Krugh,
filed a motion for default judgment on August 1, 2000. Nine days later, the
plaintiffs' attorney faxed a copy of the petition and return of service to
Blazier, asking that she forward the papers to her insurer.

Blazier faxed the papers to her insurance agency on August 23, 2000. The agency
faxed the papers on, but they ended up at the office of the wrong insurer. No
defense was begun until the papers finally reached the correct insurer in July
2001.

By then the circuit court had entered the default judgment, on April 4, 2001.
Noting that the mishandling of the papers by the insurance companies was not an
issue before the court, Limbaugh focused on Blazier's actions.

"Though Millstone concedes that service was made on May 23, fully three months
elapsed - from May 23 to August 23 - before Millstone finally sent the petition
to the insurers, much less filed an answer," Limbaugh wrote.

Simply forgetting to take action doesn't rise to the level of "good cause," as
required by the rule, Limbaugh concluded.

"In determining the presence or absence of 'good cause,' this Court is
deferential to the trial court's finding that Blazier failed to act because she
simply forgot having been served," Limbaugh wrote. "But that finding must be
considered in conjunction with the uncontradicted evidence that in the
three-year period before service in this case, four other default judgments had
been taken against Millstone, or Blazier personally."

Blazier's personal history with default judgments "leads to the conclusion that
she was well aware of the consequences of her inattention and makes her failure
to file more egregious than excusable," Limbaugh wrote.

"Indeed, her disregard for the system is all the more evident given the fact
that even after plaintiff's lawyer gratuitously notified her on August 10 that
Millstone was already several weeks in default, she still waited another 13 days
to contact the insurer," Limbaugh wrote. "On this proof, Blazier's failure to
file is reckless conduct at the least, more than just the negligent mishandling
of the paperwork as Millstone contends."

'Krugh vs. Hannah, Lake Ozark Construction Industries and Millstone Marina
Service; No. SC85392; handed down Jan. 27.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

911 CENTER HAD SYSTEM TO RATE ITSELF;
BUT THE COUNTY NEVER USED THE TECHNOLOGY TO MEASURE THE CENTER'S PERFORMANCE.

BYLINE: By MATTHEW DeFOUR mdefour@madison.com 608-252-6144

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1388 words


Two years ago Dane County installed a $450,000 phone system that can spit out
detailed information on how well its 911 center is functioning.

The system can provide 911 managers with regular reports that can help gauge if
dispatchers are properly trained, procedures are the best possible, and staffing
is sufficient.

But Dane County has never used the technology to measure the center's overall
performance, weaknesses and needs.

And there was no plan to do so until the mishandling of a call from a Madison
homicide victim's cell phone created a public uproar.

Officials maintain that errors like the one that occurred in the stabbing death
of UW-Madison student Brittany Zimmermann are infrequent, and staffing is
appropriate for dispatching emergency services in Dane County.

Meanwhile, some center employees, County Board supervisors and 911 center board
members have questioned whether the dispatch center is adequately staffed.

Center managers rely on the advice of their floor supervisors to evaluate how
well the center operates. The practice is not uncommon among 911 centers, which
face budgetary constraints nationwide, according to Robert Kaelin, a 911 center
consultant for Seattle-based MTG Management Consultants.

But in order for the public and the politicians to make objective assessments
about operations, 911 centers need to look at the data, Kaelin said.

"Any business needs metrics to know how you're performing," Kaelin said. "The
metrics give you hard and fast information."

NO DATA ANALYSIS

Since the mishandling of the call in the Zimmermann homicide case came to light,
the Wisconsin State Journal has asked county officials repeatedly for data to
support their assertion that the 911 center is adequately staffed and managed.

On Friday, 911 center director Joe Norwick acknowledged that the center hasn't
analyzed data to adjust staffing levels since installing the Positron brand
phone system in February 2006.

The phone system's record-keeping feature has been used in reviews of several
individual incidents and complaints. But the center hasn't looked at compiled
systemwide data on the numbers of calls that are received, disconnected, dropped
or abandoned, average call lengths and average time to answer calls.

Experts recommend, for example, that calls should be answered within five
seconds, or three rings.

Starting next week, a 911 staff member is being assigned to review data from the
phone system, and apply some of it to a staffing formula developed in 2005 by
the Association of Public-Safety Communication Officials, operations manager
Rich McVicar said.

Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk's chief of staff, Topf Wells, said Falk
believes the center was correct in not using staffers to extract data from the
phone system.

Much of the focus in recent years has been implementing new software for medical
and fire emergencies, which has helped improve response times, Wells said.

The center has a staff member who randomly screens about 150 of the roughly
3,800 medical and fire calls it handles a month to ensure procedures are being
followed, he said.

"If I had to choose between focusing on priority medical and priority fire
dispatch or using that system to do staff analysis, I think they chose well in
terms of public safety," Wells said.

EXIT INTERVIEWS

Since Zimmermann's death, the center has launched a new Web site, has begun
randomly checking a selection of police calls for quality assurance, has started
conducting exit interviews for employees and looked into an APCO peer review of
center policies and procedures.

On Wednesday, the County Board's executive committee is expected to hear from
Richard Tuma, the director of the Waukesha County 911 center, which received a
$7,000 APCO peer review in 2005.

The national association sent three members from other centers to interview
Waukesha dispatchers and agencies, review policies and procedures, and evaluate
complaints, Tuma said. The reviewers came up with 54 recommendations, most of
which were accepted, including using the APCO formula to adjust staffing levels.

"We came back and plugged in our numbers and sure enough we were short four
people," Tuma said.

"The best review you can get is a peer review, from people in the industry who
are doing this," Tuma said. "Sometimes when you're looking at your system, you
can get tunnel vision."

'NO RHYME OR REASON'

Another avenue being considered by the County Board is to have an outside
consultant review the 911 center's performance.

Don Coover, vice president of New Jersey-based V-COMM LLC, said one advantage of
outside consulting firms such as his is they don't use just one organization's
standards.

There are no official national standards for how 911 systems should operate,
Coover noted. "There's no specific thing that says a community of X people needs
X call takers."

Staffing a 24-hour-a-day organization is just hard, Coover added. Call volumes
are driven by incidents that are often random. "There is no rhyme or reason,"
Coover said.

However, Coover said, "there are some recommended mechanisms to determine
staffing levels," which require an analysis of employee hours, call volumes and
the length of phone calls.

8 NEW POSITIONS URGED

The county hired Seattle-based MTG Management Consultants in 2003 for $96,000 to
evaluate the center and recommend improvements. The consultant called for the
county to add eight staff positions immediately to address concerns about thin
staffing on some shifts and excessive overtime, both of which can add to
employee stress and contribute to errors and poor job performance. The county
added three positions in 2005, three more positions through this year's budget,
and since the Zimmermann incident, has sought two more positions this year.

The 2004 report found that Dane County didn't have enough data about call
volumes and other matters to assess staffing thoroughly. It recommended that a
more detailed analysis be conducted between April and August 2004, but that was
never done.

Kaelin also criticized overtime spending for topping $350,000 in 2003. Since
then, overtime costs increased 80 percent to $630,000 in 2007.

'VICIOUS CYCLE'

"It becomes a vicious cycle," said Tony Harrison, president of the Public Safety
Group, an Oklahoma-based firm that specializes in 911 center dispatcher
training.

"When you're short-staffed you require more overtime," Harrison said. "And the
more overtime you use the more positions you lose."

Since becoming director in July 2007, Norwick has assigned a staff member to
monitor scheduling, offered compensatory time to salaried supervisors to work
overtime shifts, and paid trainers for their training shifts. The result has
been less forced overtime and a reduction in overtime costs, Norwick said.

Norwick also wants to begin pre-hiring 911 staff, so that when a vacancy opens
up, the position can be filled quickly. The Sheriff's Office is the only Dane
County department authorized to pre-hire.

Last year, McVicar, then the interim director, submitted a budget to Falk that
called for no additional staff. He said he was following a budget directive that
the center should neither cut nor add staff.

After being hired, Norwick asked Falk to add two positions, which she included
in her budget. He said he didn't ask for the four positions that would have
brought staffing levels up to what the consultant recommended because "I have to
be fiscally responsible to the county and also staff-conscious of the 911
center."

DANE COUNTY 911 CENTER

What's new: The Dane County 911 center has had the data to evaluate staffing
needs since February 2006, but hasn't used its $450,000 phone system to do a
systemwide analysis.

National experts say: The Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials
developed a standard for formulating adequate 911 center staffing in 2005.
Waukesha County used the formula in 2006 and found it was short four staff.

Dane County officials say: Dane County has used its 911 staff to focus on
quality assurance, training and reducing overtime costs. It is now in the
process of evaluating staffing levels after mishandling a call from a homicide
victim's cell phone.

Public Hearing What: The Dane County Executive Committee is holding a hearing on
public concerns about the 911 center When: Wednesday, 6 p.m.

Where: City-County Building, 210 Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd., Room 201

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 9, 2002 Thursday, Home Edition

Lawyer: FBI to probe alleged cop beating

BYLINE: RALPH ELLIS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3F

LENGTH: 590 words


A defense lawyer says federal law enforcement officials will investigate a
police brutality complaint that has resulted in the suspension of a Fayette
County sheriff's department major for withholding evidence.

Dwight Thomas said on Wednesday that the FBI will ask whether deputies violated
the civil rights of his client, Melvin Mitchell, 22, during Mitchell's arrest
March 31. Thomas says deputies brutally beat Mitchell, an allegation the
department denies.

The FBI would not confirm that probe, citing a policy of not commenting on
ongoing investigations, or even say if such investigations exist. Mitchell and
his brother, Marvin Mitchell, also of Atlanta, are suspects in a grocery store
robbery and chase that killed a veterinarian waiting in his vehicle at a traffic
light.

Sheriff Randall Johnson said Ken Rose, leader of the patrol division and an
18-year member of the department, was recently placed on administrative leave
with pay for mishandling evidence.

Arrest videotape held

Rose did not immediately give investigators a patrol car videotape that shows
other deputies apprehending and handcuffing Melvin Mitchell. The tape is one of
several that patrol car-mounted cameras recorded while deputies arrested the
Mitchells.

Fayette sheriff's Maj. Bruce Jordan, who is conducting a departmental internal
investigation, said he has examined the video of the arrest and determined
deputies did not use excessive force. Jordan said deputies had to use force on
Melvin Mitchell because he was lying face down on the ground with his arms under
his torso, refusing to offer his wrists for handcuffing.

But Thomas said he's suspicious of the tape, and wondered if it had been
altered.

"If it exonerates this officer, why was it missing? Why was it withheld?" Thomas
said. "They have to quit this hanky-panky."

Fatal car chase

Thomas also said the sheriff should have asked an outside agency like the GBI to
investigate Rose "so it won't be a whitewash." The sheriff said earlier this
week he won't ask the GBI to investigate Rose, and Fayette District Attorney
Bill McBroom said he's waiting on the results of the internal investigation.
That investigation will deal with Rose's actions as well as the brutality
complaint.

The Mitchell brothers allegedly robbed an Ingles grocery store and fled in a car
that crashed into another vehicle waiting at a traffic light. The driver of that
vehicle --- veterinarian Jason Trotman, 49, of Union City --- was killed.

The brothers are charged with murder, robbery and a host of traffic violations.
Fayetteville police are the lead investigators, but the sheriff's department is
involved because deputies joined the chase and apprehended the suspects.

Rose could not be reached for comment. McBroom declined comment when asked
whether Rose might face criminal charges. Johnson said he does not think Rose
committed a crime, "but there was some mishandling of evidence."

Thomas said he learned of the missing tape in an anonymous letter that he thinks
was sent by a law enforcement officer. He said the brutality investigation
affects the prosecution in the robbery and fatal wreck because Marvin Mitchell
apparently made a statement to police after seeing his brother beaten.

"If they did in fact obtain some statement after Marvin saw his brother being
viciously beaten, how much reliability does that statement have?" Thomas said.

The case goes to the grand jury May 30. A bond hearing will be held at 10 a.m.
Monday in Fayette Superior Court.

LOAD-DATE: May 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 18, 2005 Tuesday

Probe targets school chief

BYLINE: Heath Haussamen

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 536 words


Sun-News reporter

The Las Cruces Public Schools' chief is at the center of a police investigation
into allegations of mishandled money, but an audit found similar allegations
untrue a year ago.

Las Cruces Police Department Lt. Randy Lara confirmed that his agency is
investigating allegations of "mishandling of money" < allegations made by Las
Crucen Earl Nissen.

Nissen has been at odds with Superintendent Louis Martinez for months over how
money from the school district's vending machine contract is being spent, and is
aiding an attempt to recall board members who support Martinez's employment. He
also led the charge to recall two LCPS board members four years ago.

Nissen says payments Martinez made to several nonprofit organizations might
violate state law.

"We want to determine if some of these expenditures were illegal to the point of
being criminal," Nissen said.

An auditor found about a year ago that the vending machine funds were not spent
improperly. The fund pays the school district about $300,000 annually.

Martinez had no comment Monday, other than to say Nissen was out to get him
fired, something Nissen freely admits.

News of the LCPD probe comes a day before the school board may take action on
Martinez's employment. The board has had two closed-door meetings about the
controversial superintendent in the past week, and plans to meet a third time
today. Many have speculated that the board is debating whether to fire Martinez.

Board members have been under fire themselves since Martinez removed Mayfield
High School's popular principal, Robert Ogas, last school year. They are under
threat of a recall attempt if they don't get rid of Martinez. The recall backers
had been set to initiate the process today, but postponed that until the board
announces what action it will take following today's meeting.

School district spokeswoman Jo Galvan defended the district, pointing to the
audit that found no wrongdoing. She also had words for Nissen's decision to
publicly accuse Martinez of mishandling funds the day before such an important
board meeting.

"I do find it interesting as to the timing," Galvan said. "We have nothing to
hide. It's the public's funds. ... We're very confident that it will be put to
rest very quickly."

Nissen did tell the Sun-News that he was scrutinizing Martinez's spending, but
did not reveal the LCPD probe to the Sun-News.

In addition to writing checks to various nonprofit organizations, Martinez used
the fund for a multitude of purchases, including flowers for funerals of
district employees' family members, watches for retiring employees, and travel
to conferences.

As for his future, Martinez was mum on Monday about today's board meeting.

"I honestly don't know what's going to happen," he said.

Heath Haussamen can be reached at hhaussamen@lcsun-news.com

If you go

[euro] 1 p.m. Closed-door meeting today to discuss Superintendent Louis
Martinez's employment, followed by an open meeting

[euro] 4 p.m. Public meeting to discuss upcoming bond election

[euro] 6:30 p.m. Regular, public board meeting

[euro] All meetings are at the district's central administration building, 505
S. Main St. in Las Cruces

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     December 14, 1999 Tuesday 1ST EDITION

LETTERS, FAXES & E-MAIL

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-10

LENGTH: 1259 words


GREG DOBBS' COLUMN

Rights vs. privileges

Re: "Awarding' right to fall in love,' Greg Dobbs column, Dec. 7.

I would suggest he is confused in more than just his sexual  orientation.

He does, indeed, have the right to love anyone or anything he  wants.

But he is confusing rights with privileges. It's a privilege to  have your
relationship recognized and validated by society, not a  right.

As a society, we decide what relationships we choose to validate  and what
relationships to condemn, ignore, or punish. Dobbs has  the right of free
speech, but it's much more effectively wielded  when based in logic.

TIM JACOBS

Montrose

Only one consistency

Greg Dobbs wrote an excellent column about the domestic  partnership registry
that was recently established by Denver.

Anti-gay zealots these days are criticizing gays for  establishing formal,
committed relationships.Not too long ago they  were caricaturing gays doing just
the opposite: being promiscuous.

The one consistent thing the anti-gay folks appear to be doing  is talking out
of both sides of their mouths.

RICK CENDO

GARY HAMNhER

Boulder

The writers were the first couple to register as domestic  partners in the
Colorado (in Boulder in 1996).Couple knows what  true happiness means

Re: 'Give aid where aid is due,' Nov. 30.

So, Ken Hamblin's heart is too small to include compassion for  the homeless. No
news there, but his recent column calling for us  to scorn those with mental
health and addiction problems and save  our sympathy for small business owners
in Ski Country USA is the  antithesis of the holiday season.

And hey, lest you think I'm a despised liberal, my wife and I  are the very
people Ken is calling on you to pity! Newly married,  we moved from Alaska to
Leadville three years ago and took out a  huge (for us) loan to start a coffee
house in an area where we  could afford our own business and be close to the ski
slopes.

Unlike Vail, where Ken spends his holidays, the economic boom  of the past few
years has passed by our little town. If it wasn't  for the fact that one of got
a job as a firefighter for the  city/county, the lack of snow and economic
development in this  area would have driven us out. But please, save your
sympathy for  others whom truely need it. Like most small business owners, my
wife and I are motivated, educated and persevering people whom  will survive.

And even if our bank account has taken a hit, we recognize true  happiness comes
through compassion for and connecting with others.  'Love thy neighbor as
thyself,' Ken, whether he hangs out in Vail,  or on the local street corner.

RUSS and MILLY AUSTIN

Leadville

U.S. should own up to mishandling of Indian funds

Re: 'Treasury blamed for records' destruction in Indian  trust-fund suit,' Dec.
7.It is ironic that the same day the Volker  commission reported on the Swiss
Banks' impropriety with Holocaust  funds, a special court master in Washington
issued a scathing  report on the mishandling of Native American Trust funds by
the  U.S. government.

The parallels are striking. As with the Swiss banks, the  Treasury Department
has destroyed documents to withhold funds and  information from claimants. The
funds have been mismanaged with an  ineptitude that borders on embezzlement. The
victims are the  poorest of the poor, and the stonewalling of the U.S.
government  follows in the footsteps of the darkest chapter of our country's
history.

The financial swindling of Native American Trust Funds should  be no more
tolerated than that of Holocaust funds by the Swiss  banks.

Now is the time for the U.S. government to come to terms with  the ghosts in its
own closet.

MICHAEL BANKS

Boulder

Follow the law

When Gov. Bill Owns and his top level Ramsey advisory team met  Oct. 18 they did
so in secret and without consideration for the  Colorado open meeting law.

The failure to follow the letter of the law should be an  embarrassment for the
governor and his team: Attorney General Ken  Salazar, two deputy attorneys
general, assorted district attorneys  and retired state Supreme Court Justice
Anthony Vollack.

Even more than that, by not following the letter of the open  meetings act, the
governor and his team of advisers might have to  do some legal gymnastics to
keep any meeting minutes out of the  hands of the lawyers who are beginning to
file suit about aspects  of the Ramsey case.

Owens came from his meeting with the advisory team to blast  John and Patsy
Ramsey. He came very close to branding them the  killers of their 6-year-old
daughter in their Boulder home at  Christmas 1996.

But then he said he was not going to appoint a special  prosecutor to bring the
child's killer to justice.

The governor's office denies that the advisory meeting  constituted a meeting
under state law.

But when Owens appointed his advisers, he created a de facto  state-level
advisory body, according to an analysis by my students  in a journalism class at
Metropolitan State College of Denver.  Such bodies must adhere to the open
meetings section of the state  Sunshine Act, even if they are full of lawyers.

Instead of just ducking into a room and conducting the  state's business in
secret, Colorado's leading politicians and  lawyers should have formally
convened the meeting and then voted  formally to enter into an executive
session.

Without such a vote, minutes, if they exist, are fully  disclosable to anyone
under the public records law until and if  the governor goes to court and asks a
judge to suppress the  minutes.

The governor's and attorney general's cavalier approach to a  cherished state
law does not bode well for governmental openness  during the next three years.

JAMES J. BRODELL

Wheat Ridge

The writer teaches journalism at Metropolitan State College.

It's time Coloradans make a tough decision

Re: 'Bad air day for Denver,' Dec. 2.

The Post reported that Denver experienced a pollution day that  exceeded federal
clean air standards. On Nov. 30, The Post  reported that Gov. Bill Owens had a
four-point plan for the state  to 'grow smarter' ('Owens unveils plan to ward
off runaway  sprawl,'). Last month, with Owen's lead, the state voted to add
lanes to I-25 in the metro area to ease traffic.

Let's be honest with ourselves. Tax credits for landowners  and developers,
Heritage communities, augmenting highway bond and  Internet access are not going
to curb 'runaway sprawl.' Let's be  honest with ourselves. Adding lanes to I-25
will add to 'runaway  sprawl,' add to pollution and cost a lot of money. Voters
also  approved money for light rail. Let's be honest with ourselves. If  we
widen I-25, commuters are less likely to use light rail.   For  Colorado to be
the place we want it to be, the people of the state  and its government must
make tough decisions. A tough decision is  not one to spend money to make
driving easier. A tough decision is  one that forces us to change our lives for
the betterment of the community.

We can spend less by not adding lanes to I-25, encouraging  the use of mass
transportation, easing pollution and encouraging  real smart growth.

Developers won't like this idea. They want unlimited access  to growth. From his
action and rhetoric, so does our governor.  Let's make a tough decision.

PATRICK M. KELLER

Denver

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 April 2, 2002

Resignation not definitive until Pope accepts it

BYLINE: By PADDY AGNEW

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; BISHOP COMISKEY'S RESIGNATION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: ROME


Immediate Vatican reaction to the tendered resignation of the Bishop of Ferns,
Dr Brendan Comiskey, was cautious, with the Vatican's deputy spokesperson, Padre
Ciro Benedettini, telling The Irish Times that a Vatican "resignation" is "It
may well be true that the Bishop of Ferns has tendered his resignation, but that
does not mean that the Pope has accepted it. Nothing is official until it has
been published in the Bollettino."

While the Irish public might take it for granted that Pope John Paul II will
accept Bishop Comiskey's resignation, such an outcome is far from certain.

Normal Vatican procedure at this point would require Bishop Comiskey to "explain
himself" to Cardinal Giovanni Battista Re, Prefect of the Congregation for
Bishops, the department which handles the appointments of bishops worldwide.
Having listened to Bishop Comiskey, Cardinal Re may deliver an interim report to
the Pope, and only after the Pope has heard that report would he have a direct
encounter with Bishop Comiskey.

At first glance, it might seem logical that the Pope would accept Bishop
Comiskey's resignation. For a start, the Vatican itself last year issued new
guidelines for the handling of child abuse cases by priests.

Basic to the new guidelines, issued by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the
Faith at the behest of the Pope, was the need for bishops (and heads of
religious orders) to act quickly, informing Rome immediately if "even a hint" of
paedophilia was discovered and launching their own investigation.

Vatican spokesperson Padre Benedettini yesterday said the new guidelines were
intended to give Rome a "hands-on" involvement in handling cases of a scandalous
nature, even overriding local bishops' conferences, if necessary.

Implicit in the guidelines is the need to avoid any suggestion of a cover-up,
voluntary or involuntary, by a bishop. Recent court judgments have underlined
the importance of transparency.

Two years ago, child victims of sexual abuse by a priest in the Diocese of
Dallas, Texas, in the US, were awarded $ 119.6 million in damages after it was
found that the diocese had concealed the priest's activities. Last September,
the Bishop of Bayeux, France, Mgr Pierre Pican, received a three-month suspended
sentence for failing to inform police that a priest in his diocese had admitted
sexual abuse.

Furthermore, Bishop Comiskey is not an unknown figure in Rome, having already
featured negatively "in dispatches" throughout the 1990s for, among other
things, his well-documented alcoholism and his call for the church to reopen the
debate on priestly celibacy. Neither the bishop's personal problems nor his
theological initiatives are likely to have endeared him to John Paul II. Yet,
despite his reservations, the Pope may not accept his resignation, certainly not
in the immediate term.

The Vatican is unlikely to be pleased by the role that media pressure, arising
from the recently broadcast BBC documentary on the Father Se n Fortune affair,
may have had in Bishop Comiskey's resignation. Nor is resignation John Paul II's
favourite concept. He may feel that, no matter what difficulties lie in front of
him, Bishop Comiskey should stick with the responsibilities of his episcopal
mission.

Then there is the consideration that the Vatican itself, over the years, may
have amassed a large body of information on the squalid happenings in the
Diocese of Ferns, thanks to complaints from parishioners and priests alike.

Is the Vatican itself not then guilty of mishandling the situation, even if
primary responsibility lies with the Irish Bishops' Conference? The Vatican
acted quickly to accept the resignation last Thursday of the Archbishop of
Poznan, Poland, Juliusz Paetz.

However, Bishop Paetz was accused of blatant and rampant homosexual activity
while Bishop Comiskey's offence appears to be that of mishandling the Father
Fortune case.

One thing which is certain is that, as far as the Catholic Church is concerned,
Bishop Comiskey may well have tendered his resignation; but, until that
resignation is accepted by the Pope, Bishop Comiskey remains the acting Bishop
of Ferns.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 6, 2008 Saturday

Police vault showed tampering, officer testifies

BYLINE: Sanford J. Schmidt, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 663 words


Sep. 6--EAST ST. LOUIS -- An investigation into an Alton police officer's
alleged mishandling of evidence showed additional tampering of containers in the
department's vault, a second officer testified Friday.

Several evidence containers in the vault had been tampered with, in addition to
the evidence former officer Mickey L. Dooley is officially charged with
mishandling, the officer testified in U.S. District Court.

Detective Mike Bazzell, the department's expert on computer technology,
testified Friday at the federal trial of Dooley, who is accused of lying to
federal and state officers on two occasions, fraud, concealing evidence and two
counts of disposing of money stolen from federally insured institutions.

The trial was in its third day Friday and is expected to resume next Tuesday and
last for at least the rest of next week. Dooley has denied any wrongdoing, and,
in the only public statement he has made, pointed out that he was not the only
one with access to the vault.

Dooley was indicted in April 2007 for allegedly making false statements to
federal and state officers about allegedly keeping a laptop computer he took
from an individual's home during the investigation of a bank robbery. The
robbery was a federal case.

The government seized the computer from Dooley's home last April 27.

The fraud count claims he deprived the Alton Police Department and the citizens
of honest services of an evidence officer by failing to keep track of evidence,
as was his duty.

He was also accused of disposing of $4,000 previously stolen in robberies from
the Olin Credit Union and $18,500 taken from U.S. Bank. Both the bank cases are
under federal jurisdiction.

He is also accused of failing to file a federal income tax return for 2006.

The indictment does not mention theft of smaller amounts that was allegedly
taken from the Olin Credit Union and U.S. Bank, but Bazzell testified to several
missing amounts between $80 and $1,000.

Bazzell testified he performed a complete audit of a special locker within the
vault and found several plastic bags with slits in them and envelopes with holes
where there would normally be staples.

He said many of the plastic bags that were supposed to contain cash were slit
open and most, if not all, of the money was missing.

"Pieces of evidence were missing, though they are documented to be there," he
said.

One of Bazzell's duties is to keep a computer log of money and drug evidence. He
compared the log with the contents of locker within the vault that contains
drugs and money. He said many of the envelopes had been tampered with and one
was missing.

Police became aware that money was missing from the evidence vault on April 13,
2007, after the internal audit, Alton Police Chief Chris Sullivan said. He
immediately contacted the regional office of the FBI and the director of the
Illinois State Police. The audit was performed April 23-26, 2007, Bazzell
testified.

Dooley was placed on administrative leave, then fired in July 2007 after a
hearing.

The indictment said Dooley possessed one of two keys to the evidence vault, and
the other was kept in a locked box that required two signatures to unseal. There
were only two keys in existence.

Bazzell also testified Friday about a conversation he had with Dooley about
whether it was possible to track the whereabouts of a computer with a system
known as a "bird dog." The system uses a global positioning satellite and an
expensive computer software package.

"He said something like 'they'd never be able to afford that,'" Bazzell
testified.

sanfordjschmidt@hotmail.com

To see more of The Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetelegraph.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080906-AI-Police-vault-showed-tampering-officer-testifies-0906

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2008 The Telegraph


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                      April 8, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

DOCTOR PLEADS GUILTY TO ABORTION DEATH

BYLINE: Cynthia Hubert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


Dr. Bruce Steir, one of the few physicians in California willing to perform
late-term abortions, has pleaded guilty to involuntary manslaughter for
mishandling a procedure that led to the death of a Barstow woman.

Steir, 69, a longtime target of abortion foes in Northern California where he
did most of his work entered the plea this week in Riverside County Superior
Court.

He will avoid state prison and will likely receive probation, although he could
face a year in jail.

"Given these elements, we felt it would be best to put the matter behind him and
move on," said Steir's attorney, Doron Weinberg.

In the first case of its kind in California in more than 25 years, prosecutors
charged the doctor with murder in the death of Sharon Hamptlon, 27, who bled to
death in the back of her mother's car after Steir ended her five-month pregnancy
at a Moreno Valley clinic in 1996.

The Riverside County Attorney's Office said Steir demonstrated a "conscious
disregard" for Hamptlon's life when he released her from the clinic after
puncturing her uterus during an abortion.

Prosecutor Kennis Clark argued that the doctor knew he made a lethal mistake in
the operating room but failed to call emergency personnel because his medical
license was already on probation for previous allegations of negligence.

Steir performed about 1,000 abortions a year, mostly at clinics in Sacramento,
Chico, Santa Rosa, Redding and Oakland. He was a frequent target of pickets and
protesters, and death threats prompted him to wear a bulletproof vest to work at
times.

He admitted making a mistake in Hamptlon's case, but said he was unaware of the
seriousness of her complications. He charged that the emotional politics of
abortion were driving the case against him.

The guilty plea came Wednesday as lawyers were preparing to pick a jury for a
murder trial.

"For everybody concerned, there is justice here," said assistant district
attorney Clark.

The dead woman's mother, Doris Hamptlon, said Thursday she had mixed feelings
about Steir's plea.

"I'm glad it's coming to an end, but I don't think a year is enough time for
Sharon's death," said Hamptlon, who with her husband, Benny, is raising their
daughter's 7-year-old son, Curtis. "If that doctor had not been in such a hurry,
she might still be here today."

"I don't hate him," she said of Steir. "But I want to know, how in the devil
could he not have known what he did to her? Anyway, I have to forgive, because I
want to go to a better place than this when I die."

She said she plans to write a private note to give Steir during his sentencing
hearing next month, telling him about her family's loss.

"Curtis is doing good, but he misses his mother so much. They were so close, and
because of this doctor she is not here to take care of him," Doris Hamptlon
said.

The doctor's case represented the first time the state Medical Board had
referred a licensed physician to face murder charges based on medical error.
Steir had a long history of problems with the regulatory agency for, among other
things, mishandling five abortions. Most of the allegations were pending at the
time of Hamptlon's death.

Steir's case became a lightning rod in the highly charged national abortion
debate, with supporters and detractors waging emotional public relations battles
on the Internet. Among those who rallied around the doctor were representatives
of the National Abortion Federation and the California Medical Association,
which argued against the "criminalization" of medical mistakes.

Weinberg said he will argue during Steir's sentencing hearing, scheduled May 26,
that jail time for the doctor is unwarranted.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sacramento Bee

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 7, 2000 Wednesday

ASIAN-AMERICANS RALLY TO OPPOSE RACIST OVERTONES IN LEE CASE

BYLINE: Theodore Hsien Wang, Commentator

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 820 words


The harsh treatment of Wen Ho Lee has awakened and energized many
Asian-Americans who no longer will be silent.
For the past six months, Lee has been held in solitary confinement, a target of
an FBI investigation that to date has produced no accusations of espionage. Lee,
60, a former midlevel scientist at the Los Alamos National Laboratory in New
Mexico, was arrested in December and indicted on 59 counts of mishandling
nuclear weapons secrets.
The most surprising element of Lee's case has been its impact on
Asian-Americans. His case has mobilized widespread community support among
Asian-Americans as have few other issues. Grass-roots groups and volunteers have
emerged to support Lee, raising hundreds of thousands of dollars for his legal
defense and sending thousands of letters and petitions to national leaders
seeking fair treatment for him.
On Thursday, a national coalition will hold a day of protest to mark six months
of incarceration for Lee. Demonstrations, rallies and other events are planned
in 10 cities, from San Francisco to Miami.
What is it about Wen Ho Lee that speaks to so many Asian-Americans?
First, a sense of injustice, that the government has targeted Lee because it
thinks Chinese-Americans are likely to spy for China.
Others believe the government is seeking an easy and politically powerless
scapegoat to explain away security problems uncovered at our nation's nuclear
laboratories. The government's actions provide plenty of support for these
theories.
Consider the following:
After Lee passed a polygraph test indicating he did not commit espionage in
December 1998, federal agents told him he had failed the test and threatened
that he could be executed unless he confessed.
The former chief of counterintelligence at the Los Alamos laboratory stated
Lee's ethnicity was a major factor in the espionage investigation. Non-Asians
who had similar contacts with China were not investigated.
After telling the news media that Lee had given away the crown jewels,
information about this country's nuclear warheads, government officials later
admitted this information was not even available at Los Alamos.
While the government has not charged Lee with espionage, it continues to deny
him bail on grounds that he may turn over sensitive information to foreign
agents.
The so-called crown jewels that Lee allegedly downloaded to unsecured computer
systems were in reality data that had a restrictive, low-level classification.
After the government began to investigate Lee, it gave these documents a higher
security designation.
The sudden change creates the appearance that the government is trying to
manipulate security designations to build its case against Lee.
According to the Washington Post, Lee may be the first civilian ever prosecuted
for simply mishandling classified data. Many other non-Asian individuals who
committed similar transgressions, most notably former CIA Director John Deutch,
have not been charged.
A second reason that Lee's case has touched a nerve among Asian-Americans is
because many see a bit of themselves in him. Like Lee, many Asian-Americans came
to this country for education and employment, and in the process created new
homes.
Most of these first-generation immigrants consider themselves Americans and are
proud of their contributions to the high-tech industry, education and other
areas where Asian-Americans are well represented. Yet, despite all of their
achievements, Lee's situation exposes a vulnerability that these professionals
face.
No matter how accomplished or prosperous Asian-Americans may become in America,
they are still widely perceived as foreigners who cannot be completely trusted
in sensitive positions. It is a stereotype that undermines Asian-American claims
to be equal members of our society and can have devastating consequences for
individuals, as Lee's case illustrates.
With the large numbers of Asian-Americans who work in positions with access to
secret or classified information, it is hardly surprising that many believe
Lee's case will have consequences for their own lives.
While Lee's case has brought Asian-Americans together, the challenge remains to
build a movement that can prevent these cases from recurring. Those who are
passionate about Lee's case and about stopping the government from considering
ethnicity as a basis for espionage investigations must recognize that
Asian-Americans are far from alone in facing discrimination. Broader alliances
are needed to eliminate racial stereotypes through civil-rights enforcement and
public education.
In defending Lee, Asian-Americans have the opportunity not only to advocate for
themselves but for others who continue to face discrimination.
Wang is the policy director of Chinese for Affirmative Action, a civil-rights
organization in San Francisco. Distributed by the New York Times News Service.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press
An FBI agent leads alleged spy Wen Ho Lee from his home in New Mexico
last December.

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 10, 2009 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Judge in Stevens Dismissal Known for Tenacity

BYLINE: Del Quentin Wilber; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 958 words


U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan was irate when he accused the Justice
Department of "hiding the ball" after its lawyers did not produce a document
that undercut a key witness.

"Unfortunately, I can't trust the government," he said, adding that "someone's
going to pay a price."

It was the first of two tirades in a week that the judge  let loose on
government lawyers over their handling of evidence. First, he rebuked them in a
case challenging the detention of a man at the U.S. military prison at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The second scolding came during a packed hearing Tuesday,
before he dismissed the conviction of former senator Ted Stevens (R-Alaska) on
corruption charges.

The harangues captured the vintage Sullivan, who has spent more than 20 years on
the bench, recently presiding over a series of high-profile cases and building a
reputation as a formidable, if unpredictable, presence in the courtroom.

Colleagues say the judge's repeated criticism of prosecutors in the Stevens case
laid the foundation for the dismissal, a stunning end to one of Washington's
most closely watched political trials. Without Sullivan hounding the Justice
Department, they say, a new group of prosecutors may never have been assigned to
the case. That team unearthed notes that contradicted testimony of a key
government witness, leading to the department's request that Sullivan toss out
the conviction and indictment.

At the federal courthouse, and lately in government and political circles, the
judge  has become a well-known figure. He blocked snowmobiles in national parks,
is overseeing the sentencing of three people who pleaded guilty in a  D.C. tax
scam and handled a lengthy trial brought by animal rights activists who alleged
that circus elephants were being mistreated.

In the case of the detainee, Sullivan's tirade strayed from the document into
broader territory, when he called Guantanamo Bay a "travesty" and "horror story"
that "ranks up there with the internment of Japanese American citizens years
ago."

He threatened to bring U.S. diplomats into court for updates on their efforts to
find the detainee a new home, then ordered the government to provide the
document to every judge presiding over any detainee case.

In some quarters, Sullivan is considered a hero for holding government lawyers
accountable. But his outspoken nature has brought him notice, even if he usually
reins himself in. Often that comes after a consultation with his law clerk, Addy
Schmitt, who during hearings regularly passes the judge notes about legal issues
and other court matters.

During a critical phase of the Stevens trial, the judge grew upset that
prosecutors presented faulty business records to the jury. He said he was going
to tell jurors that prosecutors had introduced evidence that they "knew was not
true," an instruction that could undercut their credibility. The next day,
however, Sullivan was more restrained, telling the jury  to ignore the documents
without calling attention to prosecutors' motives.

"His rulings were all reasonable," said Chief U.S. District Judge Royce C.
Lamberth. "He does wear his heart on his sleeve sometimes, but so do I. . . .
It's probably not the first quality that comes to mind when you think of a
judge."

Last year, Sullivan grew so agitated during the plea hearing of a 61-year-old
man accused of pocketing nearly $1.6 million in the massive D.C. tax scam that
the judge ordered him to jail before his sentencing, something even prosecutors
had not requested.

A few days later, the judge reversed course and released the man.

During the trial of a burglary suspect in the mid-1980s, Sullivan walked off the
bench in disgust after a police officer gave conflicting testimony, said Roscoe
Howard, a friend and former federal prosecutor.

After calming down, Sullivan declared a mistrial because he had prejudiced the
case. "He did the right thing," Howard said. "He is passionate, but he
understands what he thinks is the right thing and eventually he does the right
thing."

Sullivan is an avid Redskins fan and an aggressive tennis player, and also
spends hours tending the flower garden at his Northwest Washington home, friends
say.

The 61-year-old grew up near Howard University and proudly calls himself a
"native Washingtonian." His father was a police officer, and Sullivan thought of
following in his footsteps. But he turned to law instead, telling friends that
he could do more good as a lawyer.

He was appointed a Superior Court judge in 1984 and even in his first years on
the bench was not afraid to push the law. After hearing Supreme Court Justice
Thurgood Marshall talk about using the law to right social wrongs, Sullivan
issued one of the country's first rulings ordering a landlord to pay punitive
damages to a tenant for what Sullivan called "wanton, willful, fraudulent and
malicious conduct."

Sullivan took another rare step this week, assigning an outside lawyer to
investigate six prosecutors accused of mishandling evidence and witnesses in the
Stevens case.

The lawyer will recommend to Sullivan whether the judge should try the
prosecutors on contempt charges. Sullivan told the courtroom that he did not
have faith in the government to investigate the prosecutors.

But his outspoken criticism may also keep him from presiding over a contempt
trial. Experts say the judge's words on Tuesday -- "I have never seen anything
approaching the mishandling and misconduct I've seen in this case" -- sound as
though  he has made up his mind. In the interest of fairness, they say, the
judge will have to recuse himself from any trial.

"It's clear to me that he wants to keep control of this," said Stephen Gillers,
a law professor at New York University. "But it's also clear to me that he
can't."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Dominic Bracco Ii For The Washington Post; "He does wear his
heart on his sleeve sometimes," Chief U.S. District Judge Royce C. Lamberth said
of U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan, above.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     January 19, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

DEUTCH NEGOTIATING OVER PLEA

BYLINE: David A. Vise and Vernon Loeb

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 389 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Former CIA director John Deutch is negotiating with the Justice Department over
the possibility that he might plead guilty to a misdemeanor for keeping
classified information on his home computers, sources familiar with the talks
said Thursday.

Attorney General Janet Reno had wanted to resolve the high-profile case before
she left office Thursday, but her interim successor, Eric H. Holder Jr., has
assumed responsibility for overseeing its resolution, the sources said.

Although Deutch has been reluctant to agree to plead guilty, a one-count
misdemeanor plea would enable him to avoid jail time and eliminate the threat of
a criminal indictment on felony charges.

Uncertainty over former Sen. John Ashcroft's nomination as attorney general has
increased pressure on Deutch to cut a deal, since it is not clear whether a new
attorney general would decide to prosecute him on more serious felony charges
for mishandling classified information, the sources said.

Deutch's lawyer, Terrence O'Donnell of Williams & Connolly, was unavailable for
comment.

The Justice Department initially declined to prosecute Deutch in April 1999
after CIA security officials discovered he had written and stored hundreds of
highly classified intelligence reports on unsecured home computers linked to the
Internet.

Deutch's conduct for which he later publicly apologized was discovered as he was
leaving the CIA in December 1996 after a year and a half in office.

Reno asked prosecutor Paul E. Coffey to take a second look at the case after a
leaked CIA inspector general's report ignited controversy on Capitol Hill early
last year. Coffey later concluded that criminal charges should be filed against
Deutch, who returned to his professor's post at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.

At the time Coffey began his review, Justice Department officials said they were
worried about the appearance of a double standard after filing a 59-count felony
indictment against former Los Alamos physicist Wen Ho Lee for downloading
classified nuclear weapons data.

Authorities initially identified Lee as an espionage suspect and held him in
pretrial solitary confinement for nine months. But the Taiwanese-born scientist
ultimately pleaded guilty in September to a single felony count for mishandling
classified information.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Washington Post

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 26, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

RENO MAY PROSECUTE FORMER CIA DIRECTOR

BYLINE: David A. Vise and Vernon Loeb

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Attorney General Janet Reno is weighing a recommendation to prosecute the former
CIA director, John Deutch, for home-computer security violations but has made no
final decision on whether to bring criminal charges, sources familiar with the
case said Friday.

Paul Coffey, a former prosecutor brought out of retirement by Reno to review the
Deutch case, has informed Justice Department officials that he believes charges
should be brought against Deutch for drafting top-secret intelligence documents
on unsecured home computers linked to the Internet, the sources said.

In its initial review of the case, Justice Department officials decided against
prosecuting Deutch for exposing highly classified information on unsecured home
computers to possible cyberattacks by hackers or foreign intelligence services
throughout his tenure as CIA director from May 1995 through December 1996.

But Reno announced in February that she had asked Coffey to review the case
again after a highly critical CIA inspector general's report on Deutch's
security violations was leaked to the media and caused controversy on Capitol
Hill.

At the time, senior advisers to Reno expressed concern about the appearance of a
double standard when the Deutch case was compared with that of Wen Ho Lee, a
former physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory who was indicted in December
on 59 felony counts for downloading nuclear secrets to unsecured computers and
portable tapes.

Deutch, who has admitted the breach and apologized for violating CIA security,
left the CIA in late 1996 and went back to his job as a professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Lee has been in solitary confinement since December, although a federal judge in
New Mexico ruled Thursday that he can be released on $1 million bail next week
after restrictive conditions for his release are worked out.

In August 1999, four months after the Justice Department declined prosecution,
CIA Director George Tenet stripped Deutch of his CIA security clearances.

He acted after receiving the findings of his own inspector general, which
concluded that Tenet and other agency officials had bungled, but not obstructed,
an internal investigation into Deutch's security violations. If Reno accepts
Coffey's recommendation and seeks criminal charges against Deutch, her action
would represent the first time in history that a Cabinet-level official has been
charged with violations of the Espionage Act or a related statute for
mishandling classified information.

Provisions of the Espionage Act make the willful mishandling of classified
defense information a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison; taking
classified information home without authorization is a misdemeanor punishable by
up to one year in prison.

Prosecuting Deutch would be "unprecedented," said John Martin, who retired in
1997 as head of the Justice Department's Internal Security Section after a
26-year career in which he supervised prosecution of 76 espionage cases.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Washington Post

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 26, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

RENO MAY PROSECUTE FORMER CIA DIRECTOR

BYLINE: David A. Vise and Vernon Loeb

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Attorney General Janet Reno is weighing a recommendation to prosecute the former
CIA director, John Deutch, for home-computer security violations but has made no
final decision on whether to bring criminal charges, sources familiar with the
case said Friday.

Paul Coffey, a former prosecutor brought out of retirement by Reno to review the
Deutch case, has informed Justice Department officials that he believes charges
should be brought against Deutch for drafting top-secret intelligence documents
on unsecured home computers linked to the Internet, the sources said.

In its initial review of the case, Justice Department officials decided against
prosecuting Deutch for exposing highly classified information on unsecured home
computers to possible cyberattacks by hackers or foreign intelligence services
throughout his tenure as CIA director from May 1995 through December 1996.

But Reno announced in February that she had asked Coffey to review the case
again after a highly critical CIA inspector general's report on Deutch's
security violations was leaked to the media and caused controversy on Capitol
Hill.

At the time, senior advisers to Reno expressed concern about the appearance of a
double standard when the Deutch case was compared with that of Wen Ho Lee, a
former physicist at Los Alamos National Laboratory who was indicted in December
on 59 felony counts for downloading nuclear secrets to unsecured computers and
portable tapes.

Deutch, who has admitted the breach and apologized for violating CIA security,
left the CIA in late 1996 and went back to his job as a professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Lee has been in solitary confinement since December, although a federal judge in
New Mexico ruled Thursday that he can be released on $1 million bail next week
after restrictive conditions for his release are worked out.

In August 1999, four months after the Justice Department declined prosecution,
CIA Director George Tenet stripped Deutch of his CIA security clearances.

He acted after receiving the findings of his own inspector general, which
concluded that Tenet and other agency officials had bungled, but not obstructed,
an internal investigation into Deutch's security violations. If Reno accepts
Coffey's recommendation and seeks criminal charges against Deutch, her action
would represent the first time in history that a Cabinet-level official has been
charged with violations of the Espionage Act or a related statute for
mishandling classified information.

Provisions of the Espionage Act make the willful mishandling of classified
defense information a felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison; taking
classified information home without authorization is a misdemeanor punishable by
up to one year in prison.

Prosecuting Deutch would be "unprecedented," said John Martin, who retired in
1997 as head of the Justice Department's Internal Security Section after a
26-year career in which he supervised prosecution of 76 espionage cases.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Washington Post

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 2, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Chretien's absence of vision disquieting

BYLINE: DAVID CRANE TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 772 words


Serious questions need to be asked about the capabilities of both Prime Minister
Jean Chretien's office and the central co-ordinating agency of the federal
government, the Privy Council Office.

On too many hot issues, both the PMO and the PCO appear to have been caught
offside. There has been a lack of strategic thinking on things that really
matter.

This is something Canada cannot afford, especially when the very existence of
the country may be at stake.

The confusion and mishandling of the global warming issue is just the latest
sign of disorganization.

One of the most serious examples was the near loss of the Quebec referendum in
1995.

The federal government's apparent complacency at the start of the referendum,
with Prime Minister Jean Chretien's dismissive response to Quebec's desire, as
expressed by the federalist forces within Quebec, for recognition as a distinct
society was followed by sheer panic in the final days of the referendum campaign
when the Chretien government was ready to promise almost anything.

What was most apparent, though, was that there had been no federal strategy even
though both the PMO and the PCO knew a referendum was coming. Instead there was
simply the assumption that then-Quebec Premier Jacques Parizeau couldn't win.

When Lucien Bouchard replaced Parizeau as leader of the separatist campaign in
Quebec, the Chretien government was far too slow to recognize the dynamics of
the referendum campaign had changed.

The more recent federal tactic, to obtain a ruling by the Supreme Court of
Canada on whether or not Quebec can unilaterally separate, may also backfire.

As Bouchard, the Quebec Premier, said on the weekend, if the Supreme Court rules
against Quebec, he would be tempted to call a snap election to capitalize on a
"backlash in Quebec" against the ruling.

While the Supreme Court would almost certainly be correct in deciding that
Quebec would need the approval of the rest of Canada to separate, this wouldn't
matter in an election. The issue would be emotionally charged.

Such an election could very well catapult Bouchard back into power with a
strengthened majority, seriously weaken and demoralize federalist forces in
Quebec, and set the stage for a new referendum on sovereignty.

Again, it's fair to ask, what is the federal strategy here?

The Chretien government's mishandling of the global warming issue provides
another example of political and bureaucratic incompetence, reflecting badly on
both the PMO and the PCO.

The Chretien government has known for a long time that there would be a Kyoto
conference in December to negotiate a binding treaty on curbing the emissions of
greenhouse gases.

Indeed, the Liberals' 1993 and 1997 election platforms promised strong Canadian
leadership.

Chretien himself should have received wake-up calls in June.

First, there was the summit of the Group of Seven industrialized countries in
Denver, where intense debate was led by the Europeans on the need for strong
commitments by industrial countries to curb greenhouse gases.

Then almost immediately afterward, Chretien went to speak at the United Nations
General Assembly special session on sustainable development, where he admitted
that Canada would not hold greenhouse gas emissions in the year 2000 at 1990
levels as he had promised. (They will be about 13 per cent higher.) But, he
asserted "the potential human and economic costs of unchecked climate change are
simply too high for us not to take action now."

Yet Canada became the last G-7 nation to spell out its action plan, waiting
until after the Kyoto conference had actually begun.

Likewise, the Chretien government appeared caught off guard at the recent Asia
Pacific Economic Co-operation summit in Vancouver, insisting this was a meeting
mainly about trade as the Asian financial crisis escalated. And the awkward
federal response to the Pacific salmon treaty dispute revealed a deep
misunderstanding of the sensitivity of the issue in British Columbia.

In his first formal news conference after the 1993 election, Chretien compared
his role to that of a chairman of the board. Individual ministers, he said,
would solve their own problems and make their decisions. His job was to step in
when ministers needed help. In other words, his job was to be reactive rather
than visionary or agenda-setting.

The government cannot afford to operate this way today. Vision and leadership
are needed at the top. With both a weak PMO and a weak PCO, Canada is in danger
of floundering at a time when the country faces strong global and domestic
challenges.


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 2, 1997, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Chretien's absence of vision disquieting

BYLINE: David Crane TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 784 words


   Serious questions need to be asked about the capabilities of both Prime
Minister Jean Chretien's office and the central co-ordinating agency of the
federal government, the Privy Council Office.

On too many hot issues, both the PMO and the PCO appear to have been caught
offside. There has been a lack of strategic thinking on things that really
matter.

This is something Canada cannot afford, especially when the very existence of
the country may be at stake.

The confusion and mishandling of the global warming issue is just the latest
sign of disorganization.

One of the most serious examples was the near loss of the Quebec referendum in
1995.

The federal government's apparent complacency at the start of the referendum,
with Prime Minister Jean Chretien's dismissive response to Quebec's desire, as
expressed by the federalist forces within Quebec, for recognition as a distinct
society was followed by sheer panic in the final days of the referendum campaign
when the Chretien government was ready to promise almost anything.

What was most apparent, though, was that there had been no federal strategy even
though both the PMO and the PCO knew a referendum was coming. Instead there was
simply the assumption that then-Quebec Premier Jacques Parizeau couldn't win.

When Lucien Bouchard replaced Parizeau as leader of the separatist campaign in
Quebec, the Chretien government was far too slow to recognize the dynamics of
the referendum campaign had changed.

The more recent federal tactic, to obtain a ruling by the Supreme Court of
Canada on whether or not Quebec can unilaterally separate, may also backfire.

As Bouchard, the Quebec Premier, said on the weekend, if the Supreme Court rules
against Quebec, he would be tempted to call a snap election to capitalize on a
"backlash in Quebec" against the ruling.

While the Supreme Court would almost certainly be correct in deciding that
Quebec would need the approval of the rest of Canada to separate, this wouldn't
matter in an election. The issue would be emotionally charged.

Such an election could very well catapult Bouchard back into power with a
strengthened majority, seriously weaken and demoralize federalist forces in
Quebec, and set the stage for a new referendum on sovereignty.

Again, it's fair to ask, what is the federal strategy here?

The Chretien government's mishandling of the global warming issue provides
another example of political and bureaucratic incompetence, reflecting badly on
both the PMO and the PCO.

The Chretien government has known for a long time that there would be a Kyoto
conference in December to negotiate a binding treaty on curbing the emissions of
greenhouse gases.

Indeed, the Liberals' 1993 and 1997 election platforms promised strong Canadian
leadership.

Chretien himself should have received wake-up calls in June.

First, there was the summit of the Group of Seven industrialized countries in
Denver, where intense debate was led by the Europeans on the need for strong
commitments by industrial countries to curb greenhouse gases.

Then almost immediately afterward, Chretien went to speak at the United Nations
General Assembly special session on sustainable development, where he admitted
that Canada would not hold greenhouse gas emissions in the year 2000 at 1990
levels as he had promised. (They will be about 13 per cent higher.) But, he
asserted "the potential human and economic costs of unchecked climate change are
simply too high for us not to take action now."

Yet Canada became the last G-7 nation to spell out its action plan, waiting
until after the Kyoto conference had actually begun.

Likewise, the Chretien government appeared caught off guard at the recent Asia
Pacific Economic Co-operation summit in Vancouver, insisting this was a meeting
mainly about trade as the Asian financial crisis escalated. And the awkward
federal response to the Pacific salmon treaty dispute revealed a deep
misunderstanding of the sensitivity of the issue in British Columbia.

In his first formal news conference after the 1993 election, Chretien compared
his role to that of a chairman of the board. Individual ministers, he said,
would solve their own problems and make their decisions. His job was to step in
when ministers needed help. In other words, his job was to be reactive rather
than visionary or agenda-setting.

The government cannot afford to operate this way today. Vision and leadership
are needed at the top. With both a weak PMO and a weak PCO, Canada is in danger
of floundering at a time when the country faces strong global and domestic
challenges.government; policy; Canada; federal-provincial; relations; Quebec

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 12, 2009 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Fenty's Missteps Will Follow Him All the Way To Election Day

BYLINE: Robert Mccartney

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 946 words


No one benefited more than District Mayor Adrian M. Fenty when the latest
controversy erupted this past week over D.C. Council member Marion Barry.
Barry's romantic difficulties were a welcome distraction from a string of recent
embarrassments for the mayor. In just the past 2 1/2  weeks, his administration
has come under fire for a scandal in the summer jobs program, another escape
from the city's spanking-new youth detention facility, and mishandling the Red
Line crash's aftermath.

In addition, the revelation that Barry (D-Ward 8) gave his then-girlfriend a
city contract allowed Fenty (D) to put his political rivals on the D.C. Council,
especially Chairman Vincent C. Gray (D), on the defensive.  D.C. Attorney
General Peter Nickles, a key Fenty lieutenant, pushed successfully for the
council to overcome its fear of offending Barry and his supporters and
investigate the potential misuse of taxpayers' money.

The respite for Fenty will be short-lived. The remaining 17 1/2  months of his
four-year term promises to be a sour period, dominated by struggles with a
widening budget deficit, stalled economic development and growing political
challenges.

Moreover, Fenty's image as an engaged, energetic official focused on helping
constituents, long one of his most valuable assets, is eroding. It has suffered
from a series of mini-scandals, including Fenty's allowing a friend to drive his
city-issued SUV in violation of the law, the installation of a $75,000 heater at
a public pool that he uses to prepare for his triathlons and having a petty
battle with the council over  temporarily withholding their tickets to Nationals
baseball games.

"I think I made a lot of mistakes, and I think they're all my fault," Fenty said
in an interview Tuesday in the open, light-filled "bullpen" area in the Wilson
Building where he sometimes works alongside his aides. But he said he hoped  the
voters will reward him anyway when he seeks reelection next year, citing what he
said were improved public services, especially in the schools and police work.

Other ambitious politicians in the city are watching closely as they decide
whether to run for mayor themselves. Gray, in particular, has the potential to
become a strong challenger. Although he lacks Fenty's personal flair and media
savvy, he is building an effective staff and personal expertise on policy
issues.

Gray wants to strengthen the council's role in governing the city, partly to
shore up his own political base and partly to offset what many on the council
see as Fenty's high-handedness. He wants to exercise greater oversight over
school reform and organize a summit to develop a long-term economic strategy for
the city.

From Fenty's perspective, the Barry probe might seem like sweet comeuppance,
because he's been at odds with the council over its desire to investigate his
administration. In April, Nickles  blocked council inquiries into the city's
donation of a firetruck and ambulance to a town in the Dominican Republic and
into alleged fraud in the Office of the Chief Technology Officer.

Many on the council are frustrated by what they see as lack of cooperation from
the mayor's office, especially in making officials available for hearings. Fenty
denied that there was a problem, saying relations with the council are "going
fantastic." Gray pointedly did not share that view: "There certainly have been
challenges and difficulties in council-mayor relations."

Those relations will be tested in coming weeks as the two sides wrestle over how
to eliminate the $340 million deficit that's opened up in the next two years'
budgets. Fenty said it was premature to discuss specifics but that  residents
will see improved public services, despite any cuts, because the city has become
more efficient.

On other recent controversies, Fenty has fired five corrections workers at the
New Beginnings Youth Center in Laurel, saying they were negligent in allowing
two escapes from the city-run facility. The city also terminated a contract with
a job placement firm for mishandling assignments for youths in the city's summer
jobs program.

Regarding the Metro crash, Fenty said he should have explained more clearly to
the public that the city was in charge of rescue and recovery efforts
immediately after the crash. He was faulted for being too visible at some early
media conferences. He also said a city representative was present at all the
victims' memorial services; critics, however,  said that in some cases they
didn't stay until the end.

Looking ahead to next year's reelection campaign, Fenty said he was preparing
for a "crowded race," but that might be wishful thinking. Potential rivals --
including Gray and council members Michael A. Brown (I-At Large) and Kwame R.
Brown (D-At Large) -- are said to be planning that just one would oppose him.

Fenty will be hard to beat. He has plenty of money, and his political skills
remain formidable. But in the run-up to the race, he's going to need to elevate
his performance, especially on money issues, and end the missteps, however
minor, that have hurt his reputation.

SAUCE FOR THE GANDER

Opponents of D.C. voting rights have cited the latest Barry incident as evidence
that the District isn't ready for democracy. Now we learn that the wealthy
parents of  Sen. John Ensign (R-Nev.), one of the leading opponents of D.C.
voting rights, gave $96,000 to a staffer, who was then his mistress, and to her
family. It wasn't taxpayer funds, as in Barry's case, but hey, Barry doesn't
have rich parents to help him out. Seems to me the critics ought to be
consistent and urge taking away Nevada's senators and representatives.

E-mail me at robertmccartney@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Mayor Fenty's image as engaged and energetic is eroding.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 4, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

Mayor told of investigation into Tampa city departments

BYLINE: RICHARD DANIELSON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



As a potential defendant prepared to face criminal charges, law enforcement
authorities Wednesday briefed Mayor Sandy Freedman about a continuing
investigation into several city departments.

    Assistant State Attorney Lee Atkinson, Public Safety Administrator Robert
Smith, City Attorney Pam Akin, Police Chief Eddie Gonzalez and several other
high-ranking police officials discussed the investigation with Freedman for
about an hour.

    Afterward, Atkinson would not say whether the meeting meant that authorities
were getting ready to file charges or make an announcement about the status of
their investigation.

    On Tuesday, however, an attorney for a former city water official said he
expected developments in the investigation might come as soon as today.

    "All I know is that I represent a person who is alleged to have committed a
crime," said Robert A. Foster Jr., who represents former city water distribution
manager Gilbert R. Manter. "It appears that no crime has, in fact, been
committed, and they seem to think one has.

    "From time to time," Foster added, "law enforcement makes mistakes, and this
is one of those times."

    Foster said he is "kind of in the dark about what the allegations are," but
he said Manter is "ready to exonerate himself at trial, if necessary."

    City officials suspended Manter, 45, in May 1991 after receiving several
complaints about the Water Department, including one that scrap brass from water
meters had been sold illegally. Utility officials referred the allegations to
the Police Department. Manter resigned in August 1991.

    Atkinson would not discuss any allegations about city departments Wednesday
but said he briefed Freedman "to the extent that it was appropriate." He
described the investigation as a "single investigation into multiple
allegations" that are "not necessarily linked."

    Through a spokesman, Freedman refused to comment. Atkinson said she asked
several times during the meeting whether city employees have cooperated in the
case. He said they have.

    "From the beginning, it was the city that notified the police," he said.
"The police then at least verified that there were allegations that merited
inquiry. The state attorney's office was then called in."

    Last week, Atkinson said some of the allegations proved to be unfounded
while others are still under investigation. He would not say Wednesday which
allegations have been found not to be substantiated.

    In addition to reviewing Manter's personnel file and Water Department
records, investigators also have questioned city employees and sought records
regarding the solid waste, purchasing, fleet maintenance, convention facilities
and internal audit departments.

    The most recent subpoenas concerned the convention facilities department,
which came in for criticism last month in a widely publicized draft report from
the city's internal auditors.

    In a preliminary report, auditors zeroed in on what they described as poor
record-keeping, failure to follow city ordinances and mishandling of funds.

    In response, the managers of Tampa's convention center acknowledged that
they must keep better records and plan to change the way they rent the center,
but they denied mishandling funds.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     December 16, 1999 Thursday 2D EDITION

Case against Lee fizzles

BYLINE: Robert Scheer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 692 words


LOS ANGELES - J'Accuse,' as Emile Zola once wrote in accusing  the French
government of defaming an innocent man. In a case that  parallels the frame-up
of Alfred Dreyfus, a Jewish captain in the  French army a century ago, the U.S.
government is hellbent on  destroying Wen Ho Lee, a naturalized American citizen
and former  Los Alamos nuclear weapons scientist born in Taiwan and being held
in Albuquerque without bail. In both cases, the 'foreignness' of  the suspect
was used by officials and the media to stoke fears of  betrayal of the nation's
security to a dangerous enemy.

In Dreyfus' case, he was linked to a document found in German  hands revealing
the transfer of military secrets. Convicted of  treason on false evidence, he
was finally exonerated after 13  years. Likewise, the case against Lee began
with a document found  in the possession of a foreign government - China -
purporting to  contain a secret sketch of the W-88 nuclear warhead, America's
most-advanced nuclear weapon.

It is now conceded that Lee had no access to the sketch in  question, and while
he is not now accused of transferring secrets  to any government, he faces a
life sentence for the far less  serious and totally unrelated charge of '
mishandling' classified  material.

It's an anticlimactic ending to a four-year effort by the  U.S. government to
prove that Lee stole the secret design for the  miniaturized W-88 nuclear
warhead and then gave it to the Chinese  military.

Last week, the government conceded with its filing that it  has no such case.
Indeed, the FBI has now admitted that Lee and  the Los Alamos lab where he
worked never had access to the flawed  design drawing of the weapon.

The FBI has now switched its investigation to the Sandia and  Lockheed labs
where the flawed design document was created, and  Lee in effect has been
exonerated of the charge that started all  this. This fact, that the allegedly
stolen sketch was not created  at Los Alamos, and therefore not available to
Lee, was reported in  The Washington Post and other newspapers, but not in the
New York  Times, which has unfairly built the case against Lee.

Not only did Lee have nothing to do with the sketch of the  warhead that was at
the heart of the much ballyhooed China spy  scandal, but The Associated Press
has reported that the FBI has  known this fact for well over a year.

The existence of this exculpatory evidence regarding Lee was  revealed in a
letter to the U.S. Senate last month by Assistant  FBI Director Neil J.
Gallagher, who oversees national security  cases for the FBI. Gallagher wrote
that the Albuquerque FBI office  in charge of the investigation had filed
reports in November and  December 1998 and again in January 1999 that 'question
the  accuracy of certain representations and conclusions' about the  original
evidence against Lee.

The AP last week also reported access to a document from the  FBI dated Jan. 22,
1999, stating that 'the FBI office in  Albuquerque continues to insist' that Lee
had nothing to do with  the China spying case. FBI Director Louis Freeh was
briefed by  agents in Albuquerque last March and again told that 'it did not
appear' that Lee had anything to do with the theft of the warhead  design.

Yet Lee was fired in March without a hearing, his name was  publicly revealed
and he has lived under a cloud of suspicion ever  since. Unable to link Lee with
transferring secrets to China or  any other government, the Justice Department
has focused its wrath  on Lee's mishandling of classified data and sought what
appears to  be a woefully disproportionate life sentence.

The FBI obviously still doesn't have a clue as to who, if  anyone, stole the
missile warhead design 12 years ago, but it  should at least admit that Lee was
the wrong target. Hopefully,  Lee will not have to wait for this measure of
justice as long as  Dreyfus did.

A journalist for more than 30 years, Robert Scheer is a  contributing editor of
the Los Angeles Times and The Nation  magazine.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 4, 2016 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Jails revisit rules for disabled

BYLINE: DAVID CHANEN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 856 words



HIGHLIGHT: Deaf inmates' lawsuit prompts other jurisdictions to take a closer
look at protocols.


For weeks, deaf inmate Nicholas Zentic could only communicate with Isanti County
jail staff through handwritten notes and by banging on his cell door. He
repeatedly asked for an interpreter, but the delay in fulfilling his request
caused him to miss counseling meetings and resulted in the mishandling of a work
release assignment.

The barriers faced by Zentic and other inmates with physical and mental
disabilities are difficult to resolve because the state doesn't require any
standard care policies for county jails. If a policy does exist, it usually
varies by facility.

In the case of Zentic and six other deaf people, a recent lawsuit settlement
resulted in significant changes in how jail staff will accommodate deaf inmates
at four county jails in the future. But advocates say needs for disabled
prisoners are often handled in an inefficient and arbitrary manner.

"We do want to meet the needs of this population, but there is only so much you
can do before somebody with a disability arrives in jail," said Cmdr. Dave
Pacholl, who runs the Anoka County jail. "There are no standards. Like other
jails, we watch nationwide trends and models."

More than 40 percent of jail inmates nationwide have at least one disability,
according to a 2012 report by the Bureau of Justice Statistics. The disabilities
typically involve hearing, vision, memory and judgment, walking, self-care or
ability to live independently.

The state's largest county jails - in Hennepin and Ramsey counties - have
detailed policies and training procedures for the care of disabled inmates. In
August, Hennepin County jail officials received a letter from the Minnesota
Disability Law Center praising its level of mental and medical treatment and
services for the disabled.

Hennepin County's policy spells out everything from the staff having a maximum
of 72 hours to reasonably accommodate special needs for the disabled to the
procedures for taking disciplinary actions against an inmate. It even discusses
what to do with service animals.

Although training programs for dealing with inmates with disabilities aren't
mandated, the Minnesota Sheriffs' Association offers specific courses on working
with the disabled in its basic academy for new jail employees. The training is
heavily attended, said Jim Franklin, the association's executive director.

"As you might expect, these are not the typical type of inmates that come to
jail," he said. "But if they do come, we have ways to meet those needs,
including transfer to other jails if necessary."

The problems for Alan Read, who is deaf, started before he was taken to the
Washington County jail in 2013. He called 911 because a family member was
stealing items from his home. But miscommunication between Read and responding
officers landed him in jail for two days before he was able to reach his family.

Jail staff eventually found a TTY telephone device used by the deaf, but it was
broken, and Read had to fix it before he could reach his family.

Read, 58, was one of the seven deaf inmates who filed the lawsuits leading to
procedural changes at Washington, Stearns, Isanti and Rice counties to improve
communication. The improvements included the hiring of a coordinator for deaf
services, staff training, quick access to qualified interpreters and updated
equipment such as videophones.

Carol Holinka, Rice County's jail administrator, said the county was already
looking into improving services for the deaf before the suit settlement. The
jail now has a tablet and access to a qualified interpreter 24 hours a day, she
said.

"We needed to train our staff about making sure they figured out what preference
of communication a deaf inmate needs. They are happy with the changes," she
said.

Many complaints from the disabled about jail conditions are directed to Bud
Rosenfield and the staff of the Minnesota Disability Law Center-Mid-Minnesota
Legal Aid. The calls and letters fall into two broad categories: access to
health care and reasonable accommodations, Rosenfield said.

Mishandling of a disability can sometimes lead to unwarranted disciplinary
action or segregation for the prisoner, he said.

"Somebody might need a cane, walker or wheelchair, which jail staff have to view
as a potential weapon," Rosenfield said. "And if they have a short stay in the
jail, they may never receive the things they need."

The biggest frustration is the lack of uniformity in how jails might deal with a
disabled inmate, he said. In the past year, Rosenfield's organization did a fair
amount of jail monitoring to help point out more efficient methods to better
serve this unique population, he said.

Last year, state advocates for the deaf failed to get a hearing at the
Legislature for a bill that would have standardized jail procedures. This year,
there might be a broader push with the state's association of county jail
administrators, Rosenfield said.

"But there isn't one entity that can tell each county what to do," he said. "It
would be nice to have a model policy and have jail staff go through the right
kind of inmate evaluations. Then the chances of getting it right goes way up."

David Chanen · 612-673-4465

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              accountingtoday.com

                               September 8, 2016

Best Practices for Ensuring File Security at Your Firm

BYLINE: Scott Gordon

SECTION: ACCOUNTING TECHNOLOGY Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 951  words


It's no secret that professional services firms house troves of hack-worthy
data. Accountants, lawyers, consultants, recruiters, media, creative, IT and
other service providers routinely access and share sensitive information to meet
client needs-making them prime targets for cybercriminals and the ideal
potential victims for data mishandling.

In June, insurance giant State Farm had 70,000 email addresses belonging to
company personnel and independent contractors compromised when collaboration
with a trusted professional services marketing partner, DAC Group, went awry due
to a server breach.

[State Farm spokesman Phil Supple sent the following statement to Accounting
Today: "State Farm takes the privacy and security of information very seriously.
Based on the analyses we and DAC Group have done, the information that was
disclosed as a result of this incident does not include State Farm customer
data. We learned the vendor had approximately 70,000 email addresses stolen, all
of which belonged to State Farm personnel or independent contractors and none of
which contained sensitive personal information. We connected with the vendor,
and took the appropriate steps to handle this situation.]

But you don't have to be a large, national firm for cybercriminals to take an
interest. In May, two California-based accountants experienced unauthorized
access to their work computers.Lynn N. Talbott, Jr., CPAdisclosed that her
firm's breach compromised customer names, genders, dates of birth, telephone
numbers, addresses, Social Security numbers, W-2 information and direct deposit
bank account information. And a suspicious individual accessedKen Waterman,
CPA's files containing data related to customer tax filings, and possibly their
names, addresses, Social Security numbers, wage information, and in certain
cases, bank account information.

As evidenced by these breaches, professional services providers work in a highly
connected world where sharing files and collaborating online is the norm. These
firms are required to house confidential customer data like human resources,
financial/accounting and audit information. Plus they need to worry about their
own internal data, such as employee and temp on-boarding information that has
personally identifiable information (PII) data privacy protection obligations.
And without proper file protection and auditing controls, business agreements,
legal and financial documents, rate sheets, analytics, human resources, audits,
employee information, PII, health care, tax and other critical files are open to
unauthorized access and misuse.

The majority of enterprises recognize the data protection and privacy compliance
issues these modern collaboration needs create.  According to the2015 State of
File Collaboration Security reportby Enterprise Management Associates, 75
percent of IT and infosec professionals at mid-tier enterprises expressed a high
or very high level of concern about sensitive, regulated or confidential data
leakage due to inappropriate file sharing or unauthorized access. Half said
there were frequent instances of inappropriately shared documents or
unauthorized access to files containing sensitive, confidential or regulated
information. A whopping 84 percent had a moderate or total lack of confidence in
their organization's file security monitoring, reporting and policy enforcement
capabilities.

Lifecycle File Protection Professional services organizations may have content
management, email security and mobile management in place, but these controls
often don't apply after files traverse the firewall to external networks, users
and devices, which can expose sensitive customer and internal information.

Employees may securely receive files from a customer, but what prevents them
from inappropriately forwarding the file, making unauthorized modifications,
storing it on a laptop or tablet that gets lost or stolen-or being breached like
State Farm's marketing collaboration partner and the California CPAs? What
happens to the files when employees or external recipients change roles or move
onto another practice?

Luckily, emerging file security solutions aimed at reducing file mishandling and
collaboration data leakage risks address this gap with strong file encryption
and usage controls that, once applied, persist for the life of the file,
including after it crosses to various networks, recipients and devices.

The beauty of this approach is that if any collaborator inappropriately or
inadvertently shares a sensitive file with an unauthorized user, mishandles it
accidentally or has it stolen, these solutions can deny access and log the
attempt. Professional services firms across industries can make use of this
approach. Accountants can store and collaborate on financial data securely,
auditors and IT consultants can access, report and sign off on projects with
confidence, and HR consultants can secure employee and candidate on-boarding,
tax and health insurance files.

Why leave your sensitive internal and customer information exposed to potential
unauthorized access, hackers or malware? Persistent file security can be simple
and seamless when you have complete and flexible control, whether it resides
with you, your partner or your client,  so you can keep your customers'
hard-earned trust and preserve your reputation.

Scott Gordon, COO atFinalCode, Inc., has helped evolve security and risk
assessment technologies at both innovative startups and large organizations. An
information security authority, speaker and writer, he is the author of
Operationalizing Information Security and the contributing author of the
Definitive Guide to Next-Gen NAC. Scott holds CISSP-ISSMP certification.

URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCPA_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 5, 2003 Saturday Home Edition

Detective accused of destroying rape evidence

BYLINE: TASGOLA KARLA BRUNER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3H

LENGTH: 718 words


Investigators have accused an Atlanta police detective of destroying evidence in
an undisclosed number of rape cases, according to police union officials.

Police officials would not name the detective or discuss the investigation of
Sex Crimes Unit cases in which the detective was questioned. An internal inquiry
into the mishandling of 31 rape reports has been under way since November.

But a union official said the detective was asked in February to give a
statement as an accused party, rather than as a witness. The accusation cites
department rules regarding improper procedure and destruction of evidence, said
Florene Grimes, a senior representative of the International Brotherhood of
Police Officers in Atlanta who was present at the interview.

The destruction of evidence involves so-called "rape kits," Grimes said. The
kits, considered crucial in criminal prosecutions, contain DNA and other
evidence collected during a medical examination of a sexual assault victim.

Police won't say which rape kits are involved in their investigation. But it
appears that kits for 13 of the 31 cases were never delivered to the Georgia
Bureau of Investigation's Crime Lab for analysis.

Kits were prepared in 21 of the cases, according to a March 2001 police memo. A
GBI official confirmed Thursday that the agency has received only eight of those
kits.

In 2001, the police memo noted that most of the remaining kits were still at
Grady Memorial Hospital "awaiting disposition." But Grady officials say they
don't know whether the kits are still there, because police never consulted them
about the memo or told them which cases it referred to.

Two of the kits were destroyed by Grady because of "time lapse," according to
the memo. Grady officials say they destroy some unclaimed rape kits if the
patient has not filed a police report and, after being contacted, still does not
intend to do so.

Richard Straut, president of the Atlanta chapter of the Police Benevolent
Association, said any suggestion of destruction of evidence should be thoroughly
investigated.

"Destroying rape kits --- that to me is scary," he said. "It would be similar to
throwing away fingerprints at a murder scene."

The IBPO's Grimes said investigators gave the impression that "they're not
looking at just this particular investigator. . . . I'm sure they're looking at
other people."

She declined to discuss any details of the statement given by the accused
detective.

Another IBPO official, Larry Geisz, said he accompanied a sex crimes detective
who was interviewed as a witness rather than as a accused party. Other
detectives may also have been questioned without having union representation
present, officials said.

The accusation is considered an internal police matter. If investigators
determine it should be sustained, consequences could range from a reprimand to
termination, said union officials.

The investigation might also lead to criminal charges. Fulton County District
Attorney Paul Howard says his office will look into alleged mishandling of rape
cases when the police investigation is done to determine "whether or not there
has been any criminal wrongdoing."

The inquiry by the department's Criminal Investigations Division is examining an
issue thought closed after an internal audit two years ago.

The 2001 audit found 34 rape cases from November 1999 through February 2001 had
been improperly handled by the Sex Crimes Unit. The number was revised to 31
when three cases were found to be duplicates, officials said.

At the time, police said detectives had not assigned an incident number to the
rape reports because they believed the woman was lying or had given police a
false name. Instead, they put the cases in a secret file in the Sex Crimes
office rather than forward them to the Central Records Unit.

The practice kept those reports out of the city's overall crime count for that
16-month period.

Lt. Terrence Steele, who headed the Sex Crimes Unit, was demoted and reassigned
after the audit was completed. The current inquiry was ordered when the
Journal-Constitution raised questions in November about Steele's transfer to the
department's Office of Professional Standards, a position that would involve
investigating alleged wrongdoing by officers.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 02, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Nonlawyer Battles Courts, Ex-Clients; Man Is Accused of Mishandling Cases And
Misrepresenting His Legal Status

Saundra Torry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1987 words


An advertisement last year in a newspaper aimed at federal workers invited
people who had been harassed on the job or fired to protect their rights with
representation "by a former government administrative law judge with 20 years'
experience."

For more than a decade, similar print and radio ads -- one boasting of
"Worldwide Representation," another of participation on "the Watergate Defense
Team" -- have attracted a long line of clients to the D.C. offices of Simon
Banks, where many have noticed the clutter of law books.

The only catch is that Banks, a 1975 Howard University Law School graduate, is
not licensed to practice law anywhere in the United States. He has taken bar
examinations in the District and elsewhere 14 times, but he never has passed,
according to a petition filed against him by the D.C. Committee on Unauthorized
Practice of Law, an arm of the D.C. Court of Appeals. And according to a ruling
by that court, the District's highest, his claim that he was an administrative
law judge is "factually inaccurate."

The man who has signed letters "Dr. Simon Banks, Esq." has left a trail of
frustrated and angry clients in the District and beyond. He has missed hearings,
failed to meet agency deadlines and refused to return important personal papers,
according to court testimony and allegations in a lawsuit by former clients.

Some officials with whom he deals also are critical. Maria L. Johnson, a former
D.C. official who headed an agency that heard employee appeals in the early
1990s, testified in 1994 that Banks's "filings were nonsensical. . . . I felt he
was doing a grave miscarriage of justice, representing clients when his
competency level was about zero."

In interviews last month, Banks said he represents clients "ferociously" and has
not mishandled cases. As to whether he took bar exams 14 times, he said, "The
figure is inaccurate, and I am not going to address it." He said he was still a
law student when he clerked for a Watergate defense lawyer.

He asserted that "no one has been deceived" about his status. Banks said he is
entitled to call himself a former administrative law judge because he was a
hearing examiner and administrative law judge at two D.C. agencies in the 1970s
and the titles are interchangeable. In its 1989 ruling, the D.C. Court of
Appeals disagreed, asserting that the two agencies referred to Banks's former
position as hearing examiner and that his use of the other title was "reasonably
calculated to mislead the public into believing" that he "is necessarily
licensed to practice law."

Former clients who testified against him are lying, he said. D.C. Superior Court
and appellate judges who have dismissed lawsuits he has filed or who have ruled
that he misled clients are biased, he said.

While acknowledging that no court has ruled in his favor on these issues, Banks
said he "cannot get a fair shake before the courts of D.C."

For nearly a decade, D.C. courts and other agencies have been trying to halt
some of Banks's activities. He has been fined by the city's consumer protection
agency for "deceptive trade practices." He has been sanctioned by a federal
court for filing frivolous appeals. Since the late 1980s, his activities have
been reported several times to the U.S. attorney's office, which, according to a
legal source, now has the issues under review. The Legal Times, a weekly trade
journal, and the City Paper, an alternative D.C. weekly newspaper, have written
articles about his alleged mishandling of cases.

But, like the Energizer Bunny, Banks just keeps on going, working out of offices
at 468 M St. SW, plying his trade before federal and D.C. agencies and tying
state and federal courts in knots with a proliferation of lawsuits against
former clients and other critics.

Banks has benefited from the snail's pace of the legal system and the indulgence
of the courts. In 1987, a D.C. judge ordered Banks to cease many of his
activities, including advertising himself as a former administrative law judge.

Last January, D.C. Superior Court Judge Richard Levie found Banks in contempt of
court, ruling that he had "flagrantly, intentionally, repeatedly . . . violated
virtually every provision" of the 1987 order. But Levie declined to fine or jail
him, saying it was not "constitutionally or procedurally" possible to do so "at
this time" because it was a civil contempt case, rather than a criminal one.

"How in the world is he still practicing?" Laverne King, a dissatisfied former
client, asked in an interview. "This is sick," said King, who testified against
Banks at the 1994 contempt hearing and then found herself a defendant in one of
his lawsuits. "Something is wrong with the court system."

Banks was able to establish his business because nonlawyers are allowed to
represent people before certain D.C. and federal agencies, including the federal
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), which hears allegations of job
harassment and discrimination.

If no one had complained about him, Banks might never have come to the courts'
attention. But some clients began to complain in 1984. They went first to the
D.C. Bar, but quickly discovered that it could do nothing because Banks was not
licensed. They were sent to the D.C. Court of Appeals' committee on unauthorized
practice, which began what has turned into a decade-long pursuit of Banks and
his business, Job Protectors.

Banks continues to argue that none of his work is unauthorized because he
appears only before agencies that allow representation by nonlawyers. He charges
that the committee on unauthorized practice and the D.C. courts have singled him
out because he is black. In a written reply to a reporter's questions, Banks
said the committee is "engaged in a crusade to put me out of business, and I am
engaged in a crusade to stop them and wait for their children to grow up so I
can kick them in the but [sic] too."

Banks said white attorneys from out of town who are not licensed in the District
represent clients before federal agencies without interference.

The problem in Banks's case, said Stuart Pierson, chairman of the unauthorized
practice committee, is that Banks leads many of his customers to "believe he is
a licensed lawyer." Pierson said the people who seek Banks's services often are
out of a job, down on their luck and "convinced they cannot afford a big-time
lawyer."

Because Banks has never been licensed, Pierson said, "as a matter of law, he is
not minimally competent to provide legal services."

"But he . . . keeps telling [prospective clients], 'I am a former judge.' That
is the key" to Banks's ability to sign them up, Pierson said.

Banks sees Pierson as a primary enemy who has unfairly led an attack against
him. Banks has sued Pierson, more than 20 of his own ex-clients, the lawyers who
have taken their cases, D.C. and federal officials who have tried to halt his
work and D.C. judges who have ruled against him. Recently, he asked the Justice
Department to name "an independent counsel" to investigate many of his critics.
He also filed a petition asking the Supreme Court to vacate the 1987 injunction
and remove his case from the D.C. courts.

As a Christmas weekend surprise, Banks said he filed suit Dec. 22 in federal
court in Alexandria against 24 critics, including several EEOC officials and the
City Paper, accusing them of trying to interfere with his contracts with clients
and of discriminating against him.

Banks said he has "thousands" of satisfied clients and was willing to arrange an
interview with one. The client, a maintenance worker at a federal agency, said
he found Banks "enthusiastic" and "professional" at their first meeting and
praised Banks's performance before the EEOC. The man won his discrimination
claim, but he said he did not want his name used because it might affect future
action in the case.

The man said he knew Banks was not a licensed lawyer, adding, "He does have a
doctor degree in law," and "he is a former judge, I believe."

Banks has relied repeatedly for his defense on "disclosures" in his retainer
agreements, receipts and other documents that inform clients that he is not
licensed and will not represent them in court. How can former clients "be
confused?" Banks asked. "They have to be stupid."

But at the 1994 contempt hearing -- which Banks failed to attend, insisting that
the court lacked jurisdiction in the case -- Lovie L. Robinson, a former client,
testified that the documents, combined with Banks's statement that he could
represent her, were confusing. Donna M. Wyatt, who hired Banks in 1991,
testified that Banks's office "looked like a lawyer's office." And Banks "said
he was an ex-administrative law judge. . . . I know you have to go to law school
to be a lawyer, and from there you go to be a judge."

In November, nine former clients filed suit in D.C. Superior Court seeking
return of their fees plus damages, accusing Banks of fraud, negligence and
breach of contract. In the suit, they poured out stories of allegedly bungled
cases.

Raymond Rusten, of Temple Hills, who said he paid Banks $ 2,000 to battle his
termination as a D.C. firefighter, accused Banks of missing the deadline for
filing a critical appeal. According to the lawsuit, Rusten learned too late of
the error. He filed a petition, explaining the circumstances, but the petition
was denied.

Andrea Johnson, of Silver Spring, hired Banks to contest her dismissal from the
U.S. Postal Service. After she paid him $ 1,600 in 1992, according to the suit,
Banks refused to accept credit card payments and directed Johnson to purchase a
$ 2,000 security system for him. After attending two arbitration sessions -- he
was late for one and called no witnesses -- he asked for more money, according
to the suit. At Banks's direction, Johnson purchased $ 1,063.14 of lawn
furniture for him at a store in Sterling with her credit card, the suit alleged.

Banks failed to file a written summation promised to the arbitrator, according
to the lawsuit. Johnson lost her case because the arbitrator did not find her
testimony credible, according to his ruling.

In a Dec. 18 interview, Banks denied most of the allegations and said his
ex-clients were retaliating against him for a lawsuit he had filed against them.

Banks said he represented Rusten "diligently" at two hearings. The $ 2,000
Rusten paid covered only Banks's retainer, and Rusten owed him money, Banks
said. "To give me a peanut to walk into a case is not my fee," Banks said.

Banks acknowledged that Johnson had purchased merchandise for him as partial
payment, calling it "a barter system." Asked why she couldn't simply pay him by
credit card, Banks responded: "I am running the business here. It is not [for
you to ask] why not anything."

He said he represented Johnson "fully" and didn't file a summation because "I
didn't think it was necessary."

Douglas Fellman, of Hogan & Hartson, which is representing the nine plaintiffs,
declined to comment on Banks's remarks. "We're content to try our case in
court," he said.

In recent months, some authorities have begun moving against Banks. In
September, D.C. Superior Court Judge Joan Zeldon threw out the 1994 lawsuit
Banks filed against more than 20 former clients, finding in part that Banks "is
abusing the procedures of this court to harm innocent citizens." Also, the EEOC
has ordered him to show cause why he should not be barred from representing
anyone before the agency.

Banks remains defiant. He vowed to beat the EEOC's attempt to bar him, continue
advertising as he sees fit and press his claims in the Supreme Court. "I am the
best in my field," he asserted.

When Banks attempted to appeal the 1987 injunction to the Supreme Court after it
was issued, things did not go well for him.

"I was late in filing," Banks said. "They wouldn't take the case."


LOAD-DATE: January 02, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, legal times, Simon Banks, a 1975 Howard University Law School
graduate, said he represents clients "ferociously" and has not mishandled cases.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 8, 2016 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Will federal employees in classified-material cases get treated as Clinton did?

BYLINE: Joe Davidson | Columnist

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 806 words


The extraordinary case of Hillary Clinton and her emails raises intriguing
questions for federal employees facing charges related to classified materials.

Would they have been treated differently, perhaps more harshly, than a famous
politician?

Because she has escaped prosecution, will others, too?

Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, was publicly convicted
without being legally charged Tuesday when FBI Director James B. Comey called
her use of private email servers "extremely careless." Few other people would
merit that kind of public takedown by the nation's top cop.

But would the rank-and-file folks be facing a judge now instead of the
humiliation of having their long-held stories so thoroughly debunked for all to
see? (Do politicians feel humiliation like normal humans? Clinton doesn't even
seem to be embarrassed.) And can defense attorneys for regular workers use
Clinton's case to argue for more lenient treatment from the Justice Department?

Clinton's case is extraordinary because she is who she is. But that doesn't mean
she was treated with greater leniency than the average staffer.

Lawyers who specialize in federal employee law agreed in interviews Wednesday
that prosecuting employees in similar cases is the exception, not the rule.

"Hundreds, probably thousands, of people mishandle classified information every
year, but they're not criminally prosecuted," said Mark S. Zaid, a D.C. lawyer
who specializes in national-security employment law. "There is significant
prosecutorial discretion." Most people facing accusations involving classified
information "never were or are or will be" criminally charged.

But that does not mean the average federal employee would escape punishment in a
way Clinton did.

If Frank Fed did what Clinton did, "he would have lost his clearance and lost
his job," said Gregory F. Greiner, who leads Tully Rinckey's military and
national security law practice group.

For those not familiar with the ways of Washington, losing a security clearance
often is the equivalent of being fired. In some agencies, all jobs or most of
the good ones, require a security clearance. Many of the individual contractors
who work for those agencies also must have a security clearance. If you lose it,
you could lose the ability to work in your field.

At a hearing Thursday, House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz
(R-Utah) asked Comey, "If Hillary Clinton applied for the job at the FBI, would
the FBI give Hillary Clinton a security clearance?"

Comey said he did not want to answer a hypothetical question.

"The FBI has a robust process in which we adjudicate the suitability of people
for employment in the bureau," he told Chaffetz.

Zaid is particularly interested to see whether Clinton's aides, who also sent
and received classified emails through insecure servers, get security clearances
if she wins the presidency.

"Having seen the hundreds of people I've represented over a 20-plus year career
who have lost their clearances for doing far less" than Clinton and her
lieutenants, Zaid said, "I'm going to be really, really bothered and troubled"
if Clinton's crew emerges unscathed in the security-clearance process.

"If she were currently a federal employee, she would be sanctioned," said
William R. Cowden, a former Justice Department lawyer now with the Federal
Practice Group. Lesser penalties include reprimand and suspension without pay.

Instead of punishment, Clinton could get a promotion to president. Democratic
and Republican presidential nominees automatically get security briefings and
don't have to apply for security clearances.

Although Republicans insist that Clinton should be prosecuted for negligence,
that is not common, Cowden said. Prosecutions are almost always intent-based.

"People go around the rules all the time to get their work done," such as taking
classified documents home, he said. "If she was prosecuted, it would be because
she was singled out for who she was instead of what she did," a point Comey also
made in his testimony.

But because she was not prosecuted, defense lawyers see a potential opening for
their clients.

After David H. Petraeus, a former Army general and CIA director, pleaded guilty
to a misdemeanor charge of mishandling classified material, Zaid said he used
that case to push for leniency for his client "right away. I mean, literally,
the ink was not dry." Prosecutors had considered charging Petraeus with
felonies. Zaid's client also was charged with mishandling classified
information.

"We talked to the prosecutors and said, 'We want the Petraeus deal.' We got it."

After Clinton's non-prosecution, defense lawyers will try to raise the bar for
prosecutors.

It takes only one person on a jury, Greiner said, to argue that "this guy didn't
do anything different than what Hillary Clinton did."

joe.davidson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 15, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Security Lapses Signal Unsettling Shift in U.S.-University Nuclear Tie

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section A; Page 10; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1894 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, July 14


From the dawn of the nuclear age a half century ago, when J. Robert Oppenheimer
moved from Berkeley to the New Mexico desert and led the effort to build the
atomic bomb, the University of California has been the government's close
partner in running its nuclear laboratories.

Even in the post-cold war era, this historic relationship has endured because of
a belief that the university was uniquely suited to nurturing the independent
scientific minds needed for creating these complex weapons.

But suddenly, and unexpectedly, the partnership is poised for unsettling
changes, and not because the threat of nuclear war has all but disappeared and
the mission of the laboratories altered. The series of security lapses that have
swamped the Los Alamos National Laboratory over the past year have disrupted
that bedrock partnership and put the government on an uncertain new course of
breaking free, at least partly, from the University of California system.

The arrest last year of a scientist on charges of mishandling vast amounts of
secret data, the unexplained disappearance and then reappearance of computer
hard drives packed with classified material, and a growing climate of anxiety
about further criminal investigations related to misplaced secrets have prompted
the government to consider contracting out some duties to private companies.

Energy Secretary Bill Richardson has announced that he will strip the university
of its oversight of security at Los Alamos and the other two government labs it
manages, as well as some functions like construction management. The university
would still manage the most significant tasks, for example research, insuring
the reliability of the nuclear stockpile and administration. It is a shift,
though, that some people feel could have subtle but profound implications for
the scientists at the labs.

In many ways the current tension between the government and the university
reflects a wider historic clash present at Los Alamos since it inception. The
scientists have long argued that without a free flow of information they cannot
accomplish their tasks, while the government has contended that too much
openness can harm national security.

The fear is that tightening security now outside of the university's control
could undermine the whole rationale for having an academic institution
overseeing weapons research -- maintaining a semblance of intellectual freedom,
required for scientific innovation, even while following strict secrecy
provisions.

The university has long argued that its solid academic reputation and influence
traditionally shielded the laboratories' scientists from some potentially
stifling government restrictions on communication so that sophisticated
scientific research could still be conducted. The question now is, if the
university loses its ability to control security will it also lose its ability
to protect the laboratories' limited intellectual freedom?

Mr. Richardson insisted that it would not, but said the scientists would simply
have to cope because, as he put it, "The status quo isn't working."

"What I want to do," Mr. Richardson said in an interview, "is to use what the
University of California does best, and take away what it doesn't do well, to
enhance the overall management of the labs and perhaps establish a pattern of
joint ventures with the university."

He added: "We're not punishing or scapegoating the University of California. We
want to use their strengths and eliminate their weaknesses."

Sidney Drell, a professor emeritus of physics at Stanford University and a
member of the presidential commission that criticized security at the
government's nuclear labs last year, put it more bluntly.

"It's painful for me to say, because I'm one of those scientists," Dr. Drell
said, "but I think the freedoms they had in the past and the open attitude are
unacceptable now."

There is an even more basic concern. Many officials at Los Alamos are girding
for the possible indictment of some respected, senior laboratory scientists on
criminal charges for their mishandling of the disappearance of the hard drives
earlier this year. The fear is that this could not only harm the lab's already
substantial problems in recruiting young scientists, but could cause an exodus
of senior scientists fearful of heavy-handed government prosecutions. Those
fears have led some of those in charge at Los Alamos to warn that any reductions
in the University of California's role should be prudent, thoughtful and modest.

"I believe that whatever appears to have broken can be fixed," said John C.
Browne, the lab's director and a university employee. "The benefits to the
country of this relationship far outweigh the problems. To me, if you go too
far, it's like you're going to throw away the whole system because of a couple
of bad apples."

In principle, Mr. Richardson agreed, saying that dropping the contract with the
university and bringing in a private defense contractor to run Los Alamos could
be devastating. If a large government defense contractor were to take over, Mr.
Richardson said, "then you would have an exodus from our labs."

University officials have expressed a willingness to negotiate a new arrangement
with the Department of Energy, but clearly the institution's pride has been
wounded.

"It sounds arrogant to say, but we don't need this relationship for the
university," said an official, echoing a common view. But others say that, while
eager to mend the partnership, they are looking at possibly deeper changes in
the future.

"The point when we separate is easy enough to identify," said John Davies, a
university regent and until recently the board's chairman. "It's the point when
the security becomes so burdensome that it drives the scientists out of the
labs. For me, at this point, though, I don't think we're anywhere near that."

Rulon Linford, a former lab scientist who is now the associate vice provost for
research and laboratory programs at the university, said: "I think the
university gets out of the deal what it has always gotten out of the deal. Its
motivation is public service. If the university walked, the national security of
this country would be harmed."

The relationship between the University of California system and the government
began informally in the early 1940's as the Manhattan Project got under way, and
it was first codified in 1943 with the historic contract W-7405-Eng-36, which
established the university's management of the previously secret Los Alamos
site. Eventually, the number of labs overseen by the university grew to include
Lawrence Berkeley as well as Los Alamos and Lawrence Livermore. The Berkeley
site is devoted to nonweapons research, while the other two labs do both.

The relationship, however, has traditionally been bumpy. The scientists have
always chafed under the government's security restrictions. Also, throughout the
1960's and 1970's, many university faculty members objected to having an
academic institution so intimately involved in creating weapons of mass
destruction. On several occasions committees explored the relationship and drew
up alternatives, including separation.

And in the 1970's, as the research at Los Alamos expanded to include the
environment and energy, a consortium of Midwestern universities asked for
control of the labs to utilize this new expertise. The proposal was rejected,
but it led to other examinations of the partnership and a series of changes
throughout the 1980's.

The university says the relationship has created little in the way of financial
rewards. Under the current five-year contract, which expires in 2002, the
university receives a series of fees, some of which can expand or shrink,
depending on performance.

The fee is broken down into several components. There is a payment of $11
million to cover several federal contracts, another payment of $3.5 million to
$4 million specifically to cover the costs of a central administration office,
and an administration fee, adjusted to reflect performance, of roughly $14
million, but which could go as high as $16 million. About half of those fees are
used to operate Los Alamos, with the rest used to pay for the other two labs.

But there are some very substantial benefits to the relationship for the
university. The laboratory scientists are not like faculty members at university
campuses; they do not have tenure, they do not have complete academic freedom
and they must comply with a large body of government rules. Also, none of the
university employees at Los Alamos are unionized, although some are at the two
California labs.

The relationship, however, is an important recruiting tool. Many young
scientists who might not be thrilled at the prospect of working at a government
lab devoted to building weapons of mass destruction find the idea of being a
University of California researcher far more palatable. The relationship also
means that, should a scientist decide to leave the lab, getting a job in
academia would be easier.

For instance, Xian Chen, a young biophysicist at Los Alamos involved in
nonweapons work, said the fact that he became a university employee was
critical. "That's the reason I was attracted," he said. "Los Alamos has a good
reputation in the scientific world."

In addition, Los Alamos has some of the fastest computers in the world and other
sophisticated research equipment, all paid for by the government. Weapons
scientists can use some of these tools for nonmilitary research.

"It's not a one-way street," acknowledged Ronald A. Nelson, the university's
director for contract management. "We get some of the scientific results of
those labs and that reinforces our reputation for excellence and prestige."

And there are important financial incentives. The university system offers a
lucrative retirement package that some believe is perhaps the single most
important amenity offered. Also, children of Los Alamos scientists can attend
the university at the same rates as California residents, a huge savings.

Hugh Gusterson, a professor of anthropology at the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, who is writing his second book on the weapons labs, said that he
believed the supposed intellectual freedoms were a myth. Historically, Mr.
Gusterson said, the university has not stood up for scientists who had angered
the government, which is certainly the case in the recent series of security
lapses. But the economic benefits, he maintained, have been crucial.

"The retirement package is incredibly important," Professor Gusterson said. "But
it's my own view that the labs wouldn't be very different without the University
of California. They've been sort of an absentee landlord. I think the U.C.
element has always been this little carrot the recruiters could dangle."

The reality now is that the priorities are changing, and whatever protections
the university could provide for the scientists involved in sensitive research
will be diminished.

"The present climate has already cost them young people," Dr. Drell said. "The
question is how we stop it and protect the quality of the labs. The university
is at its moment of truth in standing up to this, and finding a way to make all
this work. I don't think the tensions are unreconcilable, but they are more
difficult."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Energy Secretary Bill Richardson, left, has said he will strip
the University of California of its oversight of security at Los Alamos National
Laboratory and two other government laboratories it manages. (Stephen
Crowley/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Reservoir of concern Packed with anglers, Antero fearing dead fish from
mishandling

BYLINE: Charlie Meyers The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-08

LENGTH: 649 words


Too much of a good thing hasn't quite arrived at Colorado's most dynamic trout
lake. But it could be lurking just around the corner.

Already reeling beneath an excess of boating and fishing pressure, Colorado
Division of Wildlife officials fear that warming water temperature soon will
prompt a rash of hooking mortality that might turn Antero Reservoir into a death
trap.

"We've been lucky so far with the cool weather, but that can't last forever,"
said Jeff Spohn, DOW's area biologist.

Spohn measured the water temperature Monday at an agreeable 55 degrees. "But my
concern is what will happen when that gets up into the high 60s and 70s," he
said.

The biologist fears a repeat of the 2007 scenario when dead fish littered the
reservoir surface amid issues involving abusive angler techniques in the playing
and handling of fish in overly warm water.

"It's nothing like 2007, but the water temperature hasn't gotten there yet,"
Spohn said.

Other troubles have arrived, mostly involving excess numbers of anglers
exacerbated by troubles launching boats to meet the inspection requirements for
invasive species such as quagga and zebra mussels.

"We have some issues here," Spohn said of an

often contentious situation of crowding in line. "It's a shame when a good day
of fishing gets spoiled by a lack of courtesy getting off the water."

On a recent day when inspectors counted 108 boats, it took 1 1/2 to two hours to
clear the jam. Only the south ramp is open to trailered boats. Spohn estimates
two to three times as many kickboats use the lake on a given day, along with the
usual complement of shore fishermen.

On top of the seemingly inevitable social problems, officials struggle mightily
to protect a fishing resource that largely has recovered from the widespread
mortality caused by the winterkill of 2007-08, when a majority of the larger
fish perished from oxygen deprivation.

An aggressive restocking program aided by perfect survival conditions last
winter has generated another banner year - only slightly less productive than
the 2007 revival.

With the fish have come the fishermen and, with them, the potential for loss and
abuse from mishandling large, robust trout that don't surrender easily.

Spohn identifies five functions that drive mortality: severity of hook injury,
length of fight, size of fish, time out of water and water temperature. The
interaction among each element weighs heavily in the overall equation of delayed
mortality.

DOW has developed a diagram to calculate the likely outcome caused by the
interplay of these aspects. It appears elsewhere on this page.

Antero's dilemma is balanced between two elements that place considerable
pressure upon angler ability and ethic. One is that fishing is so exceptionally
good most days that a skilled fishermen can catch trout by the dozens. As the
chart demonstrates, delayed mortality increases in direct relation to the number
handled.

Antero also imposes a two-fish creel limit, a stipulation that tempts some
anglers to cull their catch. At the same time, it causes those who fish solely
for sport to handle many fish in the course of a banner day.

It should be noted that the analysis makes no distinction between fish caught
with flies or lures. It does differentiate between artificials and bait.

"The focus is on how people are treating fish, not the type of tackle used,"
said Spohn, who personally uses both flies and lures.

On a recent trial using lures on 10-pound-test line, his crew generally was able
to release trout quickly and safely.

"They were reeled in quickly and, zoom, they were gone," Spohn said. "We had to
revive every fish caught on a fly rod. The key was purely about fighting the
fish too long, not bringing them in quickly enough to get a good release.

"This isn't a debate about regulations. It's about encouraging people to treat
the fish right."

Charlie Meyers: 303-954-1609

or cmeyers@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 24, 2006 Thursday

Ex-lawyer testifies in own defense

BYLINE: Rebecca Boyle, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


Aug. 24--A former Greeley attorney who was disbarred twice for mishandling
client funds is on trial this week for theft from a former client who alleges he
bilked her out of $68,000.

Michael A. Varallo, 58, is representing himself in the felony case, in which
prosecutors allege he misused the client's money and didn't repay her as
promised.

Varallo testified on his own behalf for much of Wednesday afternoon, saying he
has made mistakes in the past, but he is innocent in this case. He said the
$68,000 was a loan.

Prosecutors say Varallo took money from Lenora 'Jane' Pulos and used it to pay
personal expenses and debts to other clients.

He was supposed to keep $3,000 for a retainer, use other funds to pay Pulos'
fines stemming from her handful of criminal cases, and return the rest to her
after her release from jail.

Varallo disputed that on the witness stand, where he talked directly to the jury
and told his version of events.

He said he accepted $68,000 from Pulos just before his second disbarment in
2002, which he'd planned to appeal at the time. It could take up to a year if he
was granted a stay, and he thought he could work for Pulos during that year.

But then he changed his mind about the appeal because he was upset about failing
to adequately represent a family in immigration court, which prompted his
disbarment.

"I was crushed," Varallo said. "I had made a mistake and it had hurt people."

So he told Pulos he was quitting law for good. She wanted him to continue
helping her anyway, Varallo said. She told him to use her $68,000 to help close
his practice, pay off other loans and help represent her, refunding the loan
later.

"To this day, I wish to God I had said, 'No, I don't want to touch your money,'
" Varallo said. "I wish I hadn't been tempted, but I was."

Varallo said he and Pulos agreed in late 2002 that he would pay her back
overtime. By summer 2004, Pulos intimated that Varallo owed her about $25,000,
after working off some of the loan and making payments.

In fall 2004, Varallo heard a rumor through Pulos' ex-husband that Pulos planned
to go to the police, so he confronted her.

"I said, 'Are you playing games here? Are you gonna try to screw me around?' "
Varallo recalled, adding that Pulos said, "No."

He said he didn't expect her to renege on her loan.

After two years of Varallo sending occasional checks or wire transfers through
Western Union, Pulos went to the Greeley Police Department to report the theft.

"I helped keep her out of prison, and what's that worth?" he said, recalling
work he had done for other attorneys on her behalf after his disbarment.

In April 2005, after Varallo sent Pulos three letters trying to work things out,
he visited her. She told him he owed her $68,000 plus $5,000 interest.

"She said, 'You know, I'm going to make your life (expletive) miserable,' "
Varallo told the jury. "And she's right; she has made my life (expletive)
miserable."

He said if Pulos had only agreed on a number, he would have been able to pay her
back by summer 2005.

The trial will continue this morning, and it may wrap up by the end of the day.

VARALLO'S DISBARMENT

Michael Varallo has been disbarred twice for mishandling client funds and not
fulfilling his duty. He was initially disbarred in February 1993 and was
readmitted in October 1999.

In December 2002, he was disbarred again after improperly controlling funds from
an Armenian family who faced deportation, and failing to complete a domestic
relations order on a different client's behalf.

"In both cases, Varallo's misconduct caused and exposed his clients to serious
injury," the disciplinary judge wrote in disbarring Varallo.

The decision said he intentionally deceived clients, made false statements,
incompetently represented his clients and "prejudice(d) the administration of
justice."

Source: Colorado Bar Association, Tribune research

Copyright (c) 2006, Greeley Tribune, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060824-GY-0824-Ex-lawyer-testifies-in-own-defense

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2006 Greeley Tribune


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

LOST IN THE SHUFFLE;
POLICE HAVE THROWN OUT OR LOST EVIDENCE IN AT LEAST FOUR DANE COUNTY COLD CASES.

BYLINE: By STEVEN ELBOW » The Capital Times » selbow@madison.com

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 3506 words


Every Christmas season Genevieve Justl brightens her West Bend home with a large
holiday display, the kind you might see in a store window: Mr. and Mrs. Santa
holding a New Year's bell. When she first saw it 38 years ago, she didn't know
if she should make such a frivolous purchase. But then she imagined what her
son, Mark, might tell her, had he still been alive: "Don't be silly. Just go get
what catches your eye."The decorations provide a grim comfort. "I'm looking at
it right now, the old Colonial outfits, the big white bell." She chuckles
softly, then her tone lands on a somber note. "He never saw them at all."

On Nov. 22, 1972, someone beat Mark Justl to death in Madison. A paperboy found
his bloodied body at the Joyce Funeral Home, which was then housed on West
Washington Avenue. Justl, then 28, was a resident employee who answered the
funeral home's phone after-hours.

Genevieve Justl once held out hope that her son's killer would be brought to
justice. But what remained of that hope was dashed two years ago when Madison
Police detectives told the family that on July 5, 1973, just seven months after
Mark's death, all the evidence in his case was destroyed.

Genevieve Justl is made of stern stuff. At 95, suffering from cancer and three
months into hospice care, she looks back at a "great, great life."

But she can't help but wonder what happened, why her son's investigation was
crippled so early on.

There's no one left to tell her. The detective who authorized the destruction,
Roger Attoe, died in 2007, and the first lead detective in the case, Charles
Lulling, died in 2000.

The evidence included such items as clothing, hair samples, cigarette butts,
blood, things that could potentially provide DNA that might lead police to the
killer.

"I'm not sure why the evidence was disposed of," says retired Madison Det. Steve
Reinstra, who worked on the Justl case in the mid-2000s. "We could have gotten
some DNA off of some of that stuff. It's too bad."

Genevieve Justl is one of many mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters and friends
of murder victims from the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s who are finding out that the
technological advances in DNA analysis that have cracked so many cold cases in
recent years can't be applied to the loved ones they've lost.

A Capital Times investigation found that of 10 unsolved murders being
investigated by the Dane County Sheriff's Office, the Madison Police Department
and University of Wisconsin Police Department dating back to the pre-DNA
decades, at least four have been compromised by the mishandling of evidence.
While police officials say recent advances such as bar coding and restricting
access to evidence storage areas have improved their ability to keep track of
items that could potentially tie a suspect to a crime, a lot of evidence over
the years has, for various reasons, been destroyed or simply lost.

It's unclear if the purging of evidence in Justl's case was an isolated
incident. But it's clear that the mishandling of evidence has been an issue in
both the Sheriff's Office and the Madison Police Department.

According to Reinstra and other former Madison detectives, in past decades there
was continual pressure from supervisors to clear out evidence.

"There was a big push by our bosses to get everything out of there," Reinstra
says. "They would give us these property tags and say, 'You look at this and you
get rid of it. We need to clean out the property room.' Unfortunately, some of
those things should have been prioritized."

Driving the push was a lack of space. Especially in the mid-1980s, the
department's property room at the City-County Building downtown was bursting at
the seams.

"Some departments were very protective of that evidence, and they had plenty of
room to store it," Reinstra says. "They're (solving) old cases now."

Those other departments didn't include the Sheriff's Office, which also had
property rooms in the City-County Building. As the agency was preparing to
expand one of the rooms in 1988, physical evidence in two murder cases was
inadvertently wiped out, sheriff's officials say, including items that could
have potentially contained DNA evidence.

The Capital Times' investigation into the handling of evidence in so-called
"cold case" homicides was prompted by a tip from a former Sheriff's Office
employee who alleged that evidence room staffers in the 1980s were ordered to
destroy evidence in a variety of cases, including such major crimes as sexual
assaults, vehicular homicides and murders.

Inquiries by The Capital Times to the Sheriff's Office concerning evidence in
the unsolved murder cases of four young women dating from 1976 to 1981 prompted
an internal review within the agency. The probe revealed that in the cases of
Shirley Stewart, whose body was found in a wooded area in the town of Westport
in 1980 a year after she went missing, and Julie Speerschneider, who was missing
for two years before her skeletal remains were discovered in the town of Dunn in
1981, nearly all evidence has been destroyed. And sheriff's officials also found
that key evidence in another case, the 1968 murder of Christine Rothschild, had
simply been lost.

That wasn't news to University of Wisconsin Police Chief Sue Riseling, whose
department is in charge of the Rothschild case.

Rothschild, an 18-year-old UW freshman, was found beaten, stabbed and strangled
outside Sterling Hall on May 26, 1968. Investigators had long ago exhausted
their leads. In 2007 Riseling decided it was time to take another look at
Rothschild's murder. She formed a team of investigators and instructed them to
gather up the evidence in the case to see if the same technology that has been
instrumental in cracking other old homicides in recent years could shed light on
the slaying. Because the murder occurred before the UW Police had a facility for
storing evidence, the Sheriff's Office was handling it.

"That's when we realized that things were not preserved by the sheriff's
department they way we thought they were," Riseling says.

She won't say what the missing evidence was, but in 1968 it was deemed important
enough to ship off to the FBI for testing. Some of the evidence collected at the
scene, according to news accounts, included bloody clothing, a bloody man's
handkerchief found under Rothschild's head, a broken, black umbrella that was
stabbed into the ground, and other items found at the scene, items that could
contain the DNA of the killer. The FBI processed the evidence shortly after the
murder, but there's no record of what was done with it after it was sent back to
the Sheriff's Office.

"We've been kind of asking them to look through their property room now for
several years hoping that we would find the missing items," Riseling says.
"Obviously that didn't happen. And then with this review, since they've really
gone through everything thoroughly, it doesn't look like it's going to happen."

While other evidence remains, Riseling says: "Clearly this is a challenge.
However, we're going to still keep going with what we have."

The two other homicide cases in which evidence records were requested by The
Capital Times were those of Debra Bennett, whose burned body was left in a ditch
outside Cross Plains in 1976, and Julie Ann Hall, who was bludgeoned to death
and buried near Waunakee in 1978. Sheriff's officials say evidence in the Hall
case is still intact. Nearly eight months into the internal review, sheriff's
detectives are still trying to determine if any evidence is missing in the
Bennett case.

Those murders, along with that of Susan LeMahieu, whose body was found in the UW
Arboretum in 1980, were thought by some investigators to be connected, meaning a
break in one of the cases might potentially provide new leads in the others. The
UW Police Department is investigating the LeMahieu case and has retained the
evidence throughout the course of the investigation. UW police have also
retained custody of evidence throughout the investigation of another unsolved
Dane County murder from the era, that of Donna Mraz, who was stabbed to death
near Camp Randall Stadium in 1982. Her murder was thought by investigators to be
unconnected to the others.

The Capital Times' initial source, who requested anonymity out of concern that
blowing the whistle might compromise that person's current job, says that
sometime in the mid- to late 1980s Lt. Larry Lathrop, a supervisor in the
evidence room, ordered a major purge to relieve overcrowding in the facility.

In a recent interview, Sheriff Dave Mahoney denied that such a widespread purge
occurred. But former evidence technician Lou Molnar, retired since 1990, says it
did.

He says that sometime in the late 1980s, Lathrop, after his promotion to
lieutenant, was assigned briefly to a supervisory post in the evidence room, and
that he ordered a widespread purge to clear a large, overcrowded evidence room
in the City-County Building. That's where the Sheriff's Office was located until
its move to the Public Safety Building on Doty Street in 1995.

Molnar says there was pressure to purge even evidence in major cases that were
still under investigation.

But Lathrop, who retired in 2000, says in an e-mail that he couldn't have
authorized the disposal of evidence in felony cases that had not yet been
closed, and in which the time for appeal had not passed.

"I can tell you this is not accurate," he says. "I would not have had the
authority to authorize the destruction of evidence, nor would your sources have
been authorized to destroy said evidence with only my authorization."

He says there was a procedure in place that required that the destruction of
evidence occur only if authorized by either the case detective or an assistant
district attorney.

"This would only have been done with felony cases that were closed and where the
appeal time had passed," he says. "Open cases/homicides would not have been
included."

Sheriff's officials say Lathrop didn't take over supervision of the evidence
room until 1992, so he was not assigned to it during the time in question.

"He was exonerated by the investigation," Mahoney says.

While the Sheriff's Office in early May denied a records request asking for
evidence records in the murder cases, the sheriff, along with Capt. Tim Ritter,
who oversees the evidence room, agreed to discuss the matter.

At that time, Mahoney and Ritter refused to discuss specifics of any open cases,
saying they didn't want to compromise the investigations.

But Ritter said: "There were items of property related to those cases, not a
great deal, just a number of items, that were destroyed about 20 years ago."

The sheriff added, "Of the cases you gave us, every one of those cases has
substantial evidence in them."

But the Sheriff's Office's position has changed significantly since then. Last
week, a panel of sheriff's officials met with The Capital Times to reveal that
skeletal remains in the Speerschneider case were disposed of in 1981, and that a
gold hoop earring related to the case was destroyed in October 1988. In 1993,
documents obtained by the Sheriff's Office in 1981 related to the Speerschneider
case were destroyed.

In the Stewart case, skeletal remains were turned over to a funeral home at an
undetermined date, and in 1981 a 12-gauge shotgun shell, thought at the time not
to be connected with the case, was destroyed. In October 1988, a bra, a Timex
watch and hair found at the base of Stewart's skull were destroyed.

That, the officials say, eliminated all the evidence in the Stewart case. In the
Speerschneider case, all that's left are videotaped interviews.

The destruction happened despite that fact that, according to Ritter and
Mahoney, the Sheriff's Office continually reviews unsolved homicides.

"Every one of these unsolved homicide cases is assigned to detectives, and as
time allows they go through reports and go through evidence and re-evaluate
whether there's possibly some new technology that will benefit the
investigation," Ritter says.

But the fact that physical evidence in two cases had been cleaned out escaped
the notice of sheriff's officials until this year's internal review.

Lt. Tim Schuetz of the professional standards office conducted the investigation
into the Speerschneider and Stewart cases. In the course of the investigation,
he spoke with those who authorized the destruction of the physical evidence: Lt.
Steve Gilmore, who signed off on the destruction of items in 1988, and Shawn
Haney, then a lab technician, who authorized the destruction of documents in the
Speerschneider case in 1993. Both have since left the Sheriff's Office. Schuetz
says neither man realized the items they authorized for destruction were
connected to murder cases.

Attempts by The Capital Times to reach Gilmore were unsuccessful, but Schuetz
says Gilmore authorized the destruction of the items as the Sheriff's Office was
preparing for an expansion of the evidence room in the City-County Building.

In a phone interview, Haney says he doesn't remember the specific documents that
were destroyed, but he says the destruction happened as the Sheriff's Office was
gearing up for the move from the City-County Building to the Public Safety
Building between late 1992 and mid-1994.

Haney says he worked with a prosecutor from the District Attorney's Office to
determine what could and couldn't be thrown out. He thinks that the papers were
likely stored in what staffers referred to as the "document drawer," rather than
with the rest of the evidence in the case, which would have been the normal
practice. At any rate, the rest of the evidence, aside from the videotaped
interviews, no longer existed.

"There's a possibility that it got looked at and (someone) said, 'Well this
doesn't have any real relevance to the case,' and it got destroyed," he says.
"That's the best we can think of, because we wouldn't knowingly destroy evidence
in an active homicide case."

Schuetz says that while procedures at the time of the incidents were not as
stringent as those today, there were safeguards in place to prevent such
mishaps.

"The reasonable explanation is that they didn't execute those safeguards prior
to authorizing their destruction," he says.

Haney, who made an unsuccessful bid to unseat Mahoney in this year's election,
says in his written responses to Schuetz's questions, which he provided to The
Capital Times, that the evidence room was "a mess" when the purge commenced.

"We just started with each shelf, made a list and started checking to see if
cases were active or closed," he writes. "If the cases were closed we disposed
of the property in accordance with what we were told by the detective, DA's
office, etc."

After questions about the Sheriff's Office's handling of evidence surfaced, The
Capital Times inquired about evidence handling in cold cases by the Madison
Police Department. That request revealed the destroyed evidence in the Justl
murder.

Documents supplied by Madison police show that the state Crime Lab could also be
quick to dispose of evidence. In 1971 the Crime Lab requested authorization from
the Madison Police Department to dispose of items the lab was holding in the
case of Charles Mumford, who was found shot to death on South Butler Street in
1969. But in a letter, former Police Chief Wilbur Emery instructed the lab to
"maintain custody of all materials submitted as a result of this investigation."

Madison police are still processing a request for the status of evidence in a
third case: the murder of Thomas Speer, an Indiana physician who was gunned down
outside a south-side motel in 1972.

Sheriff Mahoney concedes that some of the items in his department that were
destroyed were potential sources of DNA, which has revolutionized the way the
criminal justice system carries out investigations since it was first introduced
into the courtroom in 1985. And it has led to a boom in solving cases that were
previously considered cold.

DNA profiles, which once required substantial samples of blood, saliva or other
bodily secretions to construct, now can be gleaned from such sources as skin
cells from fingernail scrapings, sweat or skin on the handle of a blunt
instrument, saliva on a cigarette butt or a tiny fragment of hair.

"When I retired in 2002 we needed blood almost the size of a quarter to get a
good DNA sample," says Rick Luell, who worked on cold cases for the Department
of Justice before he retired and is now employed part time with the department's
Cold Case Unit. "Today you can get good DNA results from someone just drinking
off a soda can, maybe just off a fingerprint."

In 1990 the FBI created the Combined DNA Index System, which stores these DNA
profiles from federal, state and local crime laboratories in a data bank,
allowing investigators to search for matches.

In recent years the technological advances have sparked a push to re-open old
cases. Sometimes, DNA has been used to acquit suspects of crimes they didn't
commit. More often, police use it to track down suspects who would have
otherwise escaped notice.

Just recently, DNA factored into the conviction of serial killer Edward Edwards
in the 1980 killings of Kelly Drew and Timothy Hack of Fort Atkinson; tied
accused suspect Walter Ellis to the strangling deaths of seven Milwaukee women
between 1986 and 2007; helped convict Thomas Niesen of the 1976 killing of
Kathleen Leichtman in Fond du Lac; and identified Curtis Forbes as a prime
suspect in the 1980 murder of Marilyn McIntyre of Columbus.

The state Department of Justice's Cold Case Unit, funded through federal grants,
helped local law enforcement agencies make arrests in 18 cases, netting 13
convictions, between 2006 and 2009, according to the Justice website.

Among the successes he's been involved in, Luell counts the Edwards case and the
1980 murder of Thomasina Dunivant in Grant County, cracked with the help of a
sample of DNA on a whiskey glass. He calls DNA "our biggest tool."

Money to go after cold cases is trickling down to the local level. The Madison
Police Department and the Dane County Sheriff's Office are two recent recipients
of money from the Department of Justice to pursue cold cases. The cases they are
most likely to revisit are the ones they are most likely to solve.

"The important thing is, what is the evidence, and are the people who are tied
to the case still around," says Madison police Capt. Jay Lengfeld, who is
heading up the cold case initiative for the department.

Cases like the Justl, Speerschneider and Stewart murders, where the evidence is
nonexistent, are unlikely candidates for review under the new initiatives.

"It's difficult to use the advances of forensic science if you have nothing to
apply it to," Lengfeld says.

Years ago, Genevieve Justl had a visit from a friend of her dead son. The man
told her he believes that his adopted father, who was then an official in the
justice system and is now deceased, ordered the murder. According to police
records, the same man called police in 2004 to say that before Justl's murder
his father sexually assaulted his wife, and Justl threatened to turn him in.

Detectives in the case didn't buy it. The man had mental health issues and kept
changing his story. And the killing didn't appear to be premeditated. While the
media reported that Justl was strangled, Reinstra says he was beaten and stomped
to death.

"If you're going to kill someone, you'd think you'd take a weapon with you,"
says Reinstra. "A firearm or something lethal rather than stomping someone to
death."

Reinstra believes the killer was likely in the midst of a burglary when Justl
came home and surprised him. Parts of the funeral home were ransacked, and
several things were taken, including several bottles of liquor. Among them was a
brand of champagne that was not widely available in Madison. Reinstra believes
that a man who left town shortly after the murder, and who had given a bottle of
the same champagne to a girl before he left, likely committed the crime. Before
leaving town, Reinstra says, the man made a comment to his girlfriend about how
he had hurt someone badly and was going to leave town and check himself into a
mental hospital. In 2004, Reinstra interviewed the suspect.

"Of course, the man I talked to wasn't very cooperative," he says.

Without any evidence, there's nothing to tie him or anyone else to the crime.

"Either you'd have to have someone come forward and give a detailed statement of
what happened that's consistent with what we've found, or you'd have to have a
confession," Reinstra says. "One of those two things would have to happen."

Genevieve Justl has learned to live with her son's murder, and she says she's
even gained strength from the tragedy. But she doesn't trust the police, not
after she found out that they destroyed the evidence in her son's murder.

She thinks the man who knocked on her door years ago, Mark's friend, was telling
her the truth. And she thinks police were protecting his father.

Who could blame her? Nobody ever offered her a better explanation.

"It was a cover-up, the more I think about it," she says.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike DeVries photos/THE CAPITAL TIMES Access to the evidence room
maintained by the Dane County Sheriff's Office, left, is highly restricted. The
view was shot through a screen in an open locker door, inset, in the evidence
processing room. A number of problems with the mishandled evidence was connected
to an expansion of the former Dane County Sheriff's evidence room, now used as a
storage closet (above). In 1995 the evidence was moved from the City-County
Building to larger quarters in the new Public Safety Building. CASES WITH LOST
EVIDENCE MARK JUSTL CHRISTINE ROTHSCHILD JULIE SPEERSCHNEIDER A PHOTO OF THE
FOURTH MURDER VICTIM IN WHOSE CASE EVIDENCE WAS THROWN AWAY, SHIRLEY STEWART,
WAS UNAVAILABLE .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

Professional discipline boards busy in 2015

BYLINE: Lee Dryden

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1028  words


2015 was a year some judges and lawyers will certainly remember -- but they
won't reflect upon it fondly. A Detroit judge deemed psychotic was removed from
office. A Jackson judge was suspended for misconduct. A Traverse City lawyer was
disbarred after hiring someone to kill a rival attorney. A Southfield attorney
was disbarred for misappropriating nearly $200,000. It was a happier ending for
a Wayne County judge accused of mishandling divorces -- he was cleared of
wrongdoing.



Detroit judge removed from office due to mental illness

36th District Court Judge Brenda K. Sanders was removed from office in July
after the Michigan Supreme Court agreed with the Judicial Tenure Commission that
she is mentally ill (MiLW No. 06-89207, 4 pages).

She had been suspended without pay since the previous fall. Sanders reportedly
told The Detroit News in an email that "the electoral mandate of the people of
the city of Detroit has been nullified by the racist regime of the Michigan
Supreme Court. "

A special hearing master concluded Sanders is "seriously mentally ill" and
"psychotic. " A psychiatrist testified that Sanders suffers from paranoid
delusions, citing specific examples of her instability, including a letter to
U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade. The psychiatrist testified the letter was the
result of "delusional thinking, wherein (Sanders) manifests persecutory beliefs
that are not rational; they do not correspond to reality. "

Sanders announced that she planned to retire, although she never did so. The
Supreme Court decision stated Sanders failed to cooperate with the JTC
investigation and made intentional misrepresentations.



Traverse City lawyer disbarred after plot to kill fellow attorney

Traverse City defense lawyer Clarence K. Gomery was disbarred in July after
pleading guilty earlier in the year to hiring a man to murder another attorney.
See Clarence K. Gomery, P 44168 (MiLW No. 12-89333, 1 page).

Gomery, a former Leelanau County prosecutor, is currently spending six to 20
years in prison for solicitation of murder. When Gomery is released, he will be
on parole until 2034. Gomery initiated the murder-for-hire plot against Traverse
City lawyer Christopher Cooke.

An acrimonious relationship developed between Gomery and Cooke in 2013, when
Cooke represented a man who sued Gomery for business fraud. The lawsuit was
contentious and a jury found Gomery liable for both fraud and malpractice.
Gomery's solicitation-of-murder plot was revealed when Dale Fisher, the dock
contractor who Gomery hired to kill Cooke, went to law enforcement with the plan
before the hit was carried out. Gomery reportedly planned to pay Fisher $20,000
to kill Cooke.



JTC master clears Wayne judge of mishandling divorce cases

In November, a master cleared Wayne County Circuit Court Judge Richard B.
Halloran Jr. of wrongdoing after he granted divorce judgments in four cases
without taking sworn testimony.

The JTC's complaint alleged that Halloran violated MCL 552.9(1), MCL 552.6(3)
and MCR 3.210, respectively, by not taking sworn proofs to establish
jurisdiction and the statutory grounds for divorce, and by granting a divorce
judgment "without taking the statutorily required proofs in open court. " But
John D. O'Hair, a retired Wayne Circuit judge appointed as master by the
Michigan Supreme Court, concluded that Halloran was entitled to dismissal of the
charges and that the JTC should "dismiss or withdraw" its complaint. See
Complaint against Hon. Richard B. Halloran Jr., Master's Report and
Recommendation (MiLW No. 14-90289, 8 pages).

O'Hair said that Halloran and JTC Executive Director Paul J. Fischer, who was
the examiner in the case, agreed there were no disputed facts. O'Hair decided
the matter as an issue of law. Halloran's written admission stated he did not
obtain the statutorily required testimony in "possibly over 400 divorce cases"
but he was specifically charged with misconduct in only four cases.



Jackson district judge suspended, censured by high court

In late November, the Michigan Supreme Court publicly censured Judge R. Darryl
Mazur of the 12th District Court and suspended him for 30 days without pay for
judicial misconduct.

The high court adopted a Judicial Tenure Commission decision and recommendation
that Mazur be sanctioned for two unrelated instances of misconduct -- trying to
strike up a relationship with a woman the judge had placed on probation and
attempting to intervene in a case after Jackson police arrested one of his
former neighbors. He admitted to misconduct in both instances as part of a
settlement with the JTC. The JTC's decision and recommendation is In re Hon. R.
Darryl Mazur, 12th District Judge (MiLW No. 14-90111, 15 pages).

The commission did not issue a formal complaint against the judge or conduct a
public hearing. In the probationer's matter, Mazur responded to a Christmas card
with a handwritten note on court stationery, inquiring about her marital status
and the possibility of seeing each other socially even though she was still on
probation.



Southfield attorney loses license for taking $198K from estate

Southfield attorney George V. Cassar was disbarred in October after he
misappropriated $198,000 from an estate and asked his client to say she had lent
him the money, according to an Attorney Discipline Board hearing panel's report.

The panel was unmoved by the fact that Cassar repaid the funds, resigned from
his firm and self-reported his actions to the Attorney Grievance Commission. The
case is Grievance Administrator v. George V. Cassar, P 55724 (MiLW No. 12-90093,
6 pages).

"Even though the money was returned within several months and there was
self-reporting ... the money was moved to various accounts controlled by
respondent. Additionally, respondent initially did not tell his senior partner
the truth, but instead attempted to hide the truth by having the client claim
she had loaned him the funds," the hearing panel said.

Cassar told the panel he asked his family physician and a therapist for help so
he could understand his actions.

http://www.milawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                October 4, 2004

Fisher Quits On Eve Of Impeachment Trial
Ex-Oklahoma commissioner might still face criminal charges for corruption

BYLINE: By Daniel Hays

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 593 words


Oklahoma Gov. Brad Henry's office last week was busy seeking a replacement for
former insurance commissioner Carroll Fisher, who resigned the post two days
before his impeachment trial on corruption charges was to start.

"It's the very beginning of the search process," noted Gov. Henry's
representative, Paul Sund. He said the office was receiving applications and
recommendations, and any candidate would have to pass through a number of
hurdles-including vetting by the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation-before
getting "on the short list."

In the interim, Deputy Insurance Commissioner Daryl England is serving as acting
director. Gov. Henry told reporters he hopes to fill the $99,825-a-year post
within 30 days.

Mr. Fisher's attorney, Irven Box, delivered his client's letter of resignation
on the morning of Sept. 24, and Gov. Henry-who had asked Mr. Fisher to step down
weeks ago-accepted it immediately. The previous week, Mr. Fisher-who has been
indicted on criminal charges that include alleged mishandling of charity funds
and political contribution money-told National Underwriter: "I will fight this
to the end."

In addition to the governor's request, he had previously ignored calls for his
resignation from the Oklahoma attorney general and House speaker. Mr. Fisher had
said he expected legislators would apologize to him after he proved his
innocence.

His decision to resign, according to Gov. Henry, was "without question, the best
course of action for the people of Oklahoma. Although Mr. Fisher can continue
his legal battles as a private citizen, our state will be spared the cost and
damage of an ouster trial in the Senate."

Two days before his resignation, Oklahoma Supreme Court Chief Justice Joseph M.
Watt had denied a request by Mr. Fisher to delay the impeachment trial that was
due to begin Sept. 27, ruling that "the issues presented by the specified
Articles of Impeachment have been known by all parties for many months."

Gov. Henry said he was confident the search process for Mr. Fisher's replacement
"will produce a highly qualified commissioner with unquestioned honesty and
integrity."

Mr. Fisher, a Tulsa Democrat who was elected twice to his post, said in a
statement he was proud that licensed agents and revenues increased under his
tenure. Prior to the House vote on impeachment articles, which went
overwhelmingly against him, Mr. Fisher said he had offered to give any member
who visited him his side of the story, but none came. He refused to testify for
an investigatory panel.

He resigned, he said, because as he prepared for his state Senate trial, "I
realized my efforts were futile. I have always prepared for success and not
failure. When faced with that reality, I made the decision that I believe is in
the best interest of all Oklahomans, most especially my family."

Mr. Fisher portrayed the allegations against him as the result of minor
paperwork errors involving failure to file "a $15 form."

He continues to face criminal charges concerning allegations surrounding a
campaign donation, illegally operating a charity, and mishandling funds for an
insurance education conference. In addition, he remains under investigation by a
multi-county State Grand Jury, which might bring additional charges.

David Meuser, an insurance department representative, said that Mr. Fisher
"resigned on Friday; business as usual on Monday." He said Mr. England was
meeting with staff and "the governor is expected to make an appointment some
time in the next month or so."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Infographic-with Fisher mug with Resigned

Tell It To The Judge
What Were The Charges?

Oklahoma's former insurance commissioner, Carroll Fisher, by resigning last
week, avoided an impeachment trial in the state Senate. The articles of
impeachment accused him of neglect of duty, incompetence and corruption in
office. He was alleged to have:

* Pocketed $1,000 in campaign money for personal use.

* Put money for a continuing education program in private accounts.

* Used his office to solicit for a private charity.

* Accepted office furniture from an insurer he gave a favorable ruling to for a
business acquisition.

* Used his official position to dig up dirt on a political opponent.

Mr. Fisher has contested the charges, portraying them as the result of minor
paperwork errors. He still may face criminal charges.

                Copyright 2004 The National Underwriter Company


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 25, 2013 Saturday

Priests, nuns form group to keep church honest on sex abuse issues

LENGTH: 1078  words


A group calling itself "Catholic Whistleblowers" celebrated its launch at a
Manhattan news conference May 22.The group's message:
Catholics who blow the whistle on the sexual abuse of minors in the church
deserve a network they can turn to for support;A decade after the church issued
"zero tolerance guidelines" for abuse, it is still mishandling these cases;The
bishops who mishandle these cases must be held accountable.Founding member
Dominican Sr. Sally Butler of Brooklyn, N.Y., said the creation of a nationwide
"whistleblower protection program" is necessary. "Clearly, the women and men who
work for the church now fear reprisals for speaking out," she said.


Attorney Marci A. Hamilton, the Paul R. Verkuil Chair in Public Law at Cardozo
Law School in Manhattan, said that she and her team of five law students have
promised to defend any whistleblowers who come forward.
Hamilton, a children's rights activist, said she sees the current sexual abuse
crisis as a civil rights issue for children. "This boils down to the pursuit of
truth," she said.
Eight founding members of the group gathered at Cardoza Law School to read
prepared statements and field questions from the media. The group comprises
current and former priests, women religious, and laypeople who support survivors
of sexual abuse.
Presenters at the news conference included: Butler; Hamilton; Fr. John Bambrick
of the Trenton, N.J., diocese; Robert Hoatson, co-founder of Road to Recovery, a
group that works with survivors of sexual abuse; Fr. Ken Lasch, a retired priest
of the Paterson, N.J., diocese; Fr. Ronald Lemmert, a priest ordained in New
York; Notre Dame de Namur Sr. Maureen Turlish; Fr. James Connell of Milwaukee;
and Dominican Fr. Thomas Doyle.
In his statement, Bambrick discussed why he is involved in Catholic
Whistleblowers. Bambrick was one of two priests to testify before the U.S.
bishops in Dallas in 2002, when a zero-tolerance policy on sex abuse was
established. At the Dallas meeting, Bambrick said, former St. Paul and
Minneapolis Archbishop Harry Flynn, who chaired the bishops' ad committee on
sexual abuse by priests, publicly demanded that Bambrick hold the bishops
accountable.
"He turned to me and said, 'John, as a priest I want you to hold us to these
promises we make to you today; I want you to confront us and hold us
accountable.' "
But, according to the group, a decade after the Charter for the Protection of
Children and Young People was drafted, bishops who fail to uphold it do not face
repercussions from the church.

Referring to bishops who have violated the Dallas Charter, Bambrick said, "I can
draw a straight line from west to east. We have witnessed chicanery in Los
Angeles, Philadelphia, Kansas City [Mo.], and just this month in Newark, N.J."

Hoatson pointed to the case of Fr. Michael Fugee of the Newark archdiocese, who
was not removed from ministry after allegations of child abuse were lodged
against him.
"I notified the media in 2009 of the appointment of child abuser Fr. Michael
Fugee as hospital chaplain at St. Michael's [Medical Center] in Newark," Hoatson
said. "He was ... subsequently appointed to two other leadership positions
within Newark archdiocesan headquarters."
Later, though he was supposed to be under supervision, Fugee attended parish
youth group events and even overnight trips in the Trenton, N.J., diocese.
Lemmert offered a list of appeals that Catholic Whistleblowers would like met:

New York Cardinal Timothy Dolan, president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic
Bishops, should use his influence to press the Vatican to remove Newark
Archbishop John Myers because of his mishandling of the Fugee case.All bishops
and legislators should remove all statutes of limitations on child sex abuse
cases.The bishops should create protection policies for all priests, nuns and
other church employees who report child sexual abuse or cover-up to civil
authorities.The group recently wrote to Pope Francis with a list of six
recommendations. "Most importantly," the group's leaders wrote (emphasis in
original), "establish within the Holy See an international body composed of
Survivors of Clergy Sexual Abuse, lay professionals and clergy who will be
responsible for the facilitation in all dioceses of a dialogue between the
Church and victims/survivors of clergy sexual abuse."
The letter also called for any "pledges of secrecy" by church officials to be
revoked and for files regarding clergy sex abuse to be made public.
Participants at the event offered a range of ideas for meeting these goals.
Certain members said they believe change will come "from the bottom up" if
enough lay Catholics pay attention to the problem. Others advocated withholding
financial support from dioceses to pressure church leadership.
Lasch said that he believes the Dallas Charter is not only improperly
implemented, but also fundamentally flawed. Limiting the charter's "young
people" to those below the age of 18 omits an important group of potential
victims, he said. The charter is "not applicable in responding to vulnerable
adults who have been victims of sexual harassment, attempted rape and rape by
Catholic clergy or religious," he said.

For some members of the group, the answer to the sex abuse crisis does not stop
with reform of the Dallas Charter or acknowledgment of whistleblowers. Civil law
must also be amended.
Turlish said statute of limitations reform is integral in the fight for justice.
"No religious denomination ... should be depended upon to police itself
regarding the sexual abuse of vulnerable populations," she said. "That is
society's responsibility."
"I wouldn't trust them [the U.S. bishops] to do what's right, given their track
record," she told NCR.
For Butler, changes in civil law need to go beyond statute of limitations
reform.
Butler worked in Brooklyn public housing projects for more than 40 years. It was
decades after her service began that she learned three priests she worked with
had molested countless children, including her foster son. Fed up with the
inaction of the Brooklyn archdiocese regarding these cases, she and other
sisters contacted The New York Times in 2002 and told their story.
Butler said she is "particularly concerned about people of color in poor
parishes throughout the country who have not been able to report the abuse." She
said that people of color "usually cannot trust the church - a white institution
- or the criminal justice system."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 8, 1998 Friday CNORTH EDITION

NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 476 words


HIGHER SCHOOL TAXES

ARE LIKELY IN PENNSBURY FALLSINGTON - Under the preliminary budget unanimously
adopted by the school board last night, taxpayers in the Pennsbury School
District will face a tax increase to make up a projected $3.96 million shortfall
for the 1998-99 school year.

At $110.5 million, the proposed budget is about $5.3 million higher than that of
the current school year. Projected salary increases account for most of the
deficit, said district financial officer Al Haeber.

At the current value of $198,000 per mill, 20 mills would need to be added to
the district's rate to cover the shortfall, Haeber said. The board members will
debate the budget further during a May 21 meeting before they're expected to
pass a final budget during the June 21 meeting.

SCHOOL BUS STRUCK BY

TRUCK IN FALLS, POLICE SAY FALLS - Three people suffered minor injuries
yesterday when a bus carrying 40 fourth-grade students and chaperones from a
Philadelphia elementary school was struck in the rear by a tractor-trailer on
Route 1 northbound, near the Stony Hill Road exit, police said.

Lt. Neil Harkins of Falls police said bus driver Solange Charles, 47, an
employee of C&C Transportation Co. of East Falls, missed the exit and stopped in
the travel lane about 10:35 a.m., when the bus was struck in the rear by the
truck operated by Joseph Stewart Sr., 54, of Philadelphia. Charles, one student
and one chaperone were taken to Delaware Valley Medical Center, where they were
treated for minor injuries and released.

Christine Black, principal of the Elwood School, 13th and Oak Lane, East Oak
Lane, said the bus was one of two on a field trip to Pennsbury Manor, William
Penn's re-created summer home. Both buses returned to the school, Black said,
where a school nurse checked out those on the one bus. The investigation into
the accident is continuing, Harkins said.

BRISTOL TWP. LAWYER FIGHTS

REINSTATEMENT OF OFFICER A Bucks County judge should not have ordered Police
Officer Jerry Rogowyi reinstated after he was fired for allegedly mishandling
drug evidence, a lawyer for Bristol Township told a three-judge panel in
Commonwealth Court yesterday.

During oral arguments in an appeal of Judge John J. Rufe's 1997 ruling, attorney
Neil Morris said that Rufe had downplayed the significance of the officer's
failure to properly tag and secure drug evidence he found at an arrest scene in
1994.

In December 1997, Rufe ordered Rogowyi, a 16-year veteran, reinstated with a
30-day suspension, which he had already served. Rufe said in his ruling that at
least one witness - a prostitute with a drug problem - had not been credible.
The county judge overturned the township Civil Service Commission's 1996
decision upholding the termination of Rogowyi, who was accused of mishandling
two ounces of crack cocaine.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 21, 1997, Thursday

Parents: School reprimand of coach not strong enough

BYLINE: AMYLIA WIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: CRYSTAL RIVER



The school district has closed the book on its investigation of Crystal River
High School cheerleading coach Cathie Bramlett, giving her a strong reprimand
but allowing her to return to her coaching position.

The parents of five former cheerleaders who filed the complaints, however,  say
they are not satisfied with the results. They said Wednesday that they  will
take their charges of financial mishandling and physical and verbal abuse  to
the School Board.

A new school district grievance process allows anyone who is dissatisfied  with
the outcome of the investigation of a grievance to have a hearing before  the
board.

"We feel, just from the little that we've seen, that most of the issues  really
weren't touched on," said Judy Bailey, one of the parents.

The state attorney's office is investigating the case for possible criminal
violations, and the Department of Education also is investigating. If the
School Board hearing does not overturn the administration's decision, the
parents said, they might pursue a civil lawsuit.

Details of the investigation were released Wednesday, days short of the  waiting
period for releasing the information, when Bramlett waived the rule.  The
parents had not read the report but planned to pick up copies today.

Bramlett declined to comment Wednesday, citing the advice of her attorney.

The parents of former Crystal River High School cheerleaderswho made the
accusations said they think their concerns were ignored by district
investigators. They said each aspect of the investigation was incomplete, from
how Bramlett treated the cheerleaders to how the squad's financial records  were
maintained.

The school district's investigation of Bramlett has pitted these parents'
allegations against the cheerleading coach and her supporters, among them
teachers and other parents whose children have cheered under Bramlett's
supervision.

They said they know some people consider them "disgruntled parents," but  they
are pursuing the allegations for their children, not to settle a score  against
Bramlett.

"We're just disappointed in how the system has worked," said Katie West,  one of
the parents.

The parents have accused Bramlett of pulling their children's hair, calling
them obscene names and possibly mishandling the money students paid to
participate in cheerleading.

Those actions victimized their children, the parents say. They think the
district's investigation presents Bramlett as the victim.

"I think it's just an example of the good ol' boys syndrome," said Laurie
Anderson, one of the parents. "I had a little glimmer of hope that Pete Kelly
would end all that, but obviously, he let us down."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    October 8, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

DNA fingerprints, which will be crucial evidence in Simpson case, can't lie

BYLINE: DAVID MICKLOS; NEWSDAY

SECTION: WEEKLY REVIEW; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 641 words


As the defence is adamant in pointing out, the O.J. Simpson case is one without
a murder weapon, witnesses or a confession. Therefore, the prosecution will have
to rely almost entirely on physical evidence that purports to link Simpson to
the crime scene.

DNA molecules compose the chromosomes and carry the genetic code that, to a
large extent, sets the parameters of human life. DNA helps determine the outward
physical features that make each of us appear unique - including the
fingerprints and thumbprints that, heretofore, were the primary evidence of
individual identity admissible in court.

A DNA "fingerprint" consists of a series of DNA bands in a vertical column. Each
DNA fingerprint typically is composed of one DNA band representing the maternal
chromosome and one representing the paternal chromosome. Although human DNA is
more alike than different between people, there are regions of DNA that differ
from one person to another.

By studying the occurrence of different DNA bands in the population, one can
calculate the probability of an individual's DNA fingerprint having any
combination of DNA bands - or the probability of two DNA samples matching one
another. For example, imagine a DNA fingerprint in which one band is found in 10
percent (1 in 10) of people, and the other band is found in 5 percent (1 in 20)
of people. A DNA fingerprint having these two bands has a combined probability
of one in 200. With each additional test - looking at a different variation on a
different chromosome - the profile becomes increasingly differentiated.

Observers are guessing that the blood drops and Simpson's blood have matched on
four to six different DNA fingerprint tests, giving a combined probability on
the order of one in 100 million. This means there is a one-in-100-million chance
of a randomly selected individual having this set of DNA fingerprints, or there
is the same slight chance that it is mere coincidence the crime-scene droplets
and Simpson's blood have the same DNA fingerprint.

In the face of this sort of evidence, the Simpson defense has no choice but to
throw up a smokescreen. On the probability side, Simpson's lawyers likely will
argue there are potentially several other individuals in the United States with
the same composite DNA fingerprint. (They won't say that, unlike Simpson, none
of these other hypothetical perpetrators have been identified or linked to the
crime by other evidence.)

They also will argue the scientific community is divided on how to calculate the
probability of a DNA match. (They won't say it hardly matters whether the
probability is one in 100 million or one in 50 million or one in 500 million -
it is still a huge number for a gambler.) In fact, DNA fingerprints are as
reliable a form of identification as traditional fingerprints and far more
reliable than other elements if a typical court case, such as eyewitness
accounts or expert testimony.

Simpson's lawyers also will argue that the blood drops in evidence were
collected by a rookie forensic scientist and could have been contaminated. They
will imply that mishandling or contamination could give a false match. (They
won't say that it is impossible for mishandling or contamination to make two
unlike DNA samples match.)

In the final analysis, Simpson's best defence will likely prove to be a jury
which, like most people, has too little math-and-science background to feel
comfortable understanding something as technical as DNA fingerprinting. Added to
their own insecurity with making a decision based on science, the defence's
smokescreen of confusion will make it extremely difficult for the jury to
discern one of the few real truths in this world: DNA can't lie.

n David Micklos is director of the DNA Learning Centre at Cold Spring Harbor
Laboratory in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               September 14, 2000, Thursday, Today's News Edition

Judge scolds prosecutors as scientist is released

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1362 words

Albuquerque, N.M. --- Wen Ho Lee celebrated at home with family and friends
hours after he was set free with an apology from a judge who lambasted the
government's handling of the case, saying the former Los Alamos scientist had
been ''terribly wronged.''

Lee pleaded guilty Wednesday to a single charge of mishandling nuclear secrets
and left court a free man with an apology from U.S. District Judge James Parker.

Parker angrily accused administration officials of abusing their power and
misleading him into thinking Lee posed a threat to national security.

Lee, 60, was embraced in the courtroom by an emotional throng of family members
and supporters.

But before that scene, Parker stunned a suddenly hushed courtroom as he singled
out Attorney General Janet Reno, Energy Secretary Bill Richardson and senior
officials in the Clinton White House for what he called a questionable
indictment, for misleading him on Lee's supposedly deceptive behavior and then
for ignoring his urgings that the government ease the "demeaning and terribly
punitive" conditions under which Lee was being held.

It was a moment of enormous weight, because it is exceptional for a federal
judge to give such an excoriating tongue-lashing to such high-level federal
officials.

Parker, a Reagan appointee who is known for his measured manner and unusual
patience, said he felt so deeply troubled by the government's consistent pattern
of abusive actions that he expressed to Lee, a man who minutes before had
admitted to a felony, his dismay that the U.S. government had unleashed the full
force of its powers in such an arrogant manner.

"I sincerely apologize to you, Dr. Lee, for the unfair" treatment suffered,
Parker said, adding with "great sadness" that he believed he had made the wrong
decision in denying Lee bail in December because the government had misled him.

He chastised the "top decision-makers" of the executive branch "who have caused
me embarrassment by the way this case was handled," he said. "They have not
embarrassed me alone. They have embarrassed our entire nation and each of its
citizens."

He added, "I must say, I don't see why the executive branch of the government
has done these things." The hearing left many of Lee's supporters, and even some
journalists, in tears, but Lee was unabashed in his glee.

After a tearful, private reunion with his family in a conference room, where he
and his family members exchanged high-fives and shared their first unsupervised
moments of warmth since Lee was indicted and then arrested on Dec. 10., Lee
stood in a broiling desert sun in front of the courthouse and thanked his
supporters.

"For the next few days I'm going fishing," said Lee, a slight, soft-spoken man.
He would not address the judge's remarks.

Chung Lee, his son, expressed mixed emotions over seeing his father finally walk
free. "It was thrilling, but at the same time I became very sad thinking about
the last year, with my Dad shackled."

Under the plea deal, Lee agreed to tell prosecutors why he downloaded the trove
of nuclear secrets, exactly what he did with the information and whether anyone
else had seen it. He also conceded that the government was justified in
investigating his downloading.

The prosecutors insisted afterward that this cooperation was what they had
sought all along.

"Justice is the winner today," said George Stamboulidis, the lead prosecutor.

Asked about the reasons for Lee's terms of confinement, Stamboulidis said, "
When you steal our nuclear secrets, we're not going to let you communicate with
anyone."

Lee was never charged with espionage, but he had been investigated for at least
five years on suspicion that he leaked secrets of a sophisticated nuclear
warhead, the W-88, to China. He was fired from his job at the Los Alamos
National Laboratory on those suspicions and security violations in March 1999,
and his name --- as well as the government's accusations --- were leaked to news
organizations.

The government soon abandoned the concerns about spying because of a lack of
evidence, but agents later searched Lee's home and found evidence that he had
improperly downloaded a library of nuclear weapons secrets to an unsecure
computer and then to 10 computer tapes. Seven of those tapes were missing, and
Lee said through his lawyers that they had been destroyed.

Those missing tapes became the focus of the 59-count indictment accusing him of
mishandling classified information to benefit a foreign power. The government
claimed that Lee had to be jailed and held in solitary confinement.  He was
shackled for his brief moments of exercise time and given only one hour a week
with his family, both with an agent immediately beside him.

Parker criticized the government for rejecting Lee's efforts to reach an
agreement in December, and he cited a letter from one of the defense lawyers
seeking to head off an indictment by offering a similar level of cooperation
that Lee agreed to on Wednesday.

The lawyer, Mark Holscher, wrote in a letter Dec. 10, "I write to accept Mr.
Kelly's request that we provide him with additional credible and verifiable
information which will prove that Dr. Lee is innocent," including an agreement
for Lee to take a government lie detector test on his assertions that he
destroyed the tapes.

That letter could have been the basis of an agreement, the judge suggested,
which would have made the bitterly contested and highly divisive prosecution
unnecessary.

Numerous Asian-American and civil rights groups took up Lee's cause, insisting
that Lee, a naturalized citizen born in Taiwan, had been unfairly singled out
for prosecution because of his Chinese ancestry. These concerns were buttressed
by the claims of some intelligence officials that, because Chinese spies target
Asian-Americans in their recruitment efforts, it was appropriate to place
Asian-Americans under special scrutiny.

Parker expressed dismay Wednesday that the defense efforts to determine why the
government had singled out Lee, and whether it used racial profiling, would be
dropped along with the case. Previously, the judge had ordered the federal
government to hand over by Friday thousands of pages of classified documents
about the way it investigated Lee and others suspected of mishandling secrets,
so he could determine the validity of defense claims that Lee was a victim of
selective prosecution.

Norman Bay, the U.S. attorney here and himself a Chinese- American, rejected the
judge's criticisms, saying he was "particularly proud of the Department of
Justice."

"This case is not about race," he added. "It is about the actions of a man who
downloaded a huge amount of national security data."

But, as several people noted, Parker had never once mentioned race in his
withering remarks Wednesday, just the government's tactics and misleading
actions.

Stamboulidis attempted to refute the judge's remarks by suggesting that he
simply did not understand the national security issues.

"He is not responsible for our national security," said Stamboulidis. "It is not
his charge."

Already stung by criticism that followed news reports on Monday that prosecutors
were dropping virtually their entire case against Lee, Justice Department
officials were further embarrassed Wednesday by the judge's unusually harsh
remarks.

Reno and FBI Director Louis J. Freeh were unapologetic about the actions of
prosecutors and agents.

Reno said in a statement that the guilty plea would allow the government to
determine, by interviewing Lee, what happened to several missing computer tapes
onto which he downloaded classified information that was the subject of the
indictment against him.

Prosecutors saw the plea agreement, Reno said, as "the best chance" to find out
where the tapes were, where they had been and who else had had access to them.
"Had the case proceeded to trial and we prevailed, Dr. Lee would have faced many
years in prison. But we might never have learned what happened to the tapes."

> ON THE WEB: Supporters of Lee: www.wenholee.org
Department of Justice: www.usdoj.gov
Department of Energy: www.doe.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Wen Ho Lee

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Paul Rolly: Mike Noel as BLM director? With this administration, why not?

BYLINE: By Paul Rolly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 722 words


Whether it is realistic or not, the scuttlebutt continues throughout legislative
circles that Rep. Mike Noel, R-Kanab, has a shot at being appointed director of
the Bureau of Land Management, an agency he has raged against for years.

Noel has applied for the job and he has some apparent support from groups that
have long had issues with the BLM, including members of the Utah Farm Bureau and
the Utah Cattleman's Association.

But his most important ally might be powerful sportsmen's lobbyist Don Peay, an
influential player in Utah and national legislative circles who was one of the
chief drum beaters for President-elect Donald Trump's campaign in the Beehive
State.

Besides his political clout and how he used it to help Trump's campaign, Peay
also has taken Trump's sons on hunting trips, making him more than just a
political adviser.

Peay and other lobbyists have been able to wrest hundreds of thousands of
dollars from the Utah Legislature in order to orchestrate anti-wolf campaigns in
Congress to supposedly keep the predator away from Utah livestock.

Noel, arguably the most radical anti-environmentalist battler in the
Legislature, has been a key figure in helping Peay navigate his lobbying agenda
in the Legislature.

Noel's consideration as BLM director might seem comical to some. He not only has
been rabid about his dislike for what he considers intrusion by federal agencies
on the rights of local landowners, but his public vitriol at times has been
weird.

He personally attacked an environmental lawyer testifying before a legislative
committee meeting for hating his kids and grandkids because she is trying to
deprive them of jobs by backing environmental regulations.

He took a protest ride on protected lands and later tried to get taxpayer
funding for a legal defense fund for his friend, San Juan County Commissioner
Phil Lyman, who actually was convicted for a different protest ATV ride on
protected land.

Noel also has been a supporter of lawsuits against the BLM for allegedly
illegally closing historic roads on BLM land.

He even used his clout in the Legislature to use some gas tax money dedicated to
improving rural roads to help fund the lawsuit.

And, while criticizing the tactics of the anti-government protesters who led an
armed takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, he has
expressed sympathy for their cause and has friendly relationships with the
self-proclaimed patriots who run in the same circles as those protesters.

Noel's son, Beaver County Sheriff Cameron Noel, was quoted in a recent Southern
Poverty Law Center article in its publication, the "Intelligence Report," about
rogue sheriffs in rural America defying the federal government.

"I am the only elected official in my county that performs law enforcement
functions," Cameron Noel told the SPLC. "The federal government, the BLM, the
Forest Service, the FBI, the DEA, any of those guys, they're not elected. Those
other entities, they answer to me."

So if Mike Noel were the director of the BLM, he would have to answer to his son
before he could approve any enforcement activities in Beaver County. And based
on Mike Noel's past rhetoric, he probably would agree with that idea.

All this makes Mike Noel, a prospective BLM director who hates the BLM, a
perfect fit for Trump's administration given some of Trump's other picks so far.

Trump's nominee for secretary of education, Betsy DeVos, has a record of
fighting against public education as a long-time advocate of diverting taxpayer
money to tuitions at private schools.

His nominee for labor secretary, fast food executive Andrew Puzder, has a record
of animosity toward labor, advocating for more robots taking human jobs.

Trump's nominee for Environmental Protection Agency administrator, Oklahoma
Attorney General Scott Pruitt, has a record of suing the EPA.

Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson has a longstanding mutually beneficial
business relationship with Russian leader and old anti-U.S. Cold Warrior
Vladimir Putin.

And Trump's pick for national security advisor, retired Gen. Michael Flynn,
famously said at the Republican National Convention that Hilary Clinton should
be locked up for mishandling her emails, while Flynn himself has been accused of
mishandling classified information.

So once again, Noel could fit right in with this administration.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 4, 2015 Monday 12:25 AM GMT

Carly Fiorina will run for president as a successful tech CEO. Silicon Valley
says that's a fantasy;
Former Hewlett-Packard chief questions Hillary Clinton's record in hunt for
female voters and startup cash on campaign trail, but ex-colleagues insist
Fiorina 'didn't know what she was doing'

BYLINE: Rory Carroll in Los Angeles and Rupert Neate in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1873 words


When Carly Fiorina launches her campaign for president this week, her message to
the world will be emphatic: what she did for HP, she can do for America.

From spaghetti dinners in New Hampshire to startup conferences in New York, the
former head of Hewlett-Packard is expected to keep staking her claim as a
pioneering executive prodigy: "It is only in the United States of America that a
young woman can start as a secretary and become CEO of the largest technology
company in the world," she recently posted on Facebook, next to a low rating
from a pro-choice group that she called "a badge of honor".

Fiorina, 60, has never held public office. A 2010 run for US senate collapsed
amid images of private jets and million-dollar yachts. Now, she hopes the
revived record of a dot-com businesswoman will vault her over the otherwise
all-male Republican field of mostly professional politicians - or at least lead
to a spot as one of their vice-presidential running mates to face Hillary
Clinton head-on.

"We went from a market laggard to market leader," Fiorina has said of her six
years running the computer giant. "Unlike Hillary, I have actually accomplished
something."

Related: Is Carly Fiorina the GOP's best hope of damaging Hillary Clinton?

But those who watched what Fiorina did to HP - mishandling the $25bn acquisition
of Compaq, getting ousted by the board in 2005 with a $21m golden parachute,
repeatedly being named one of the worst CEOs in American corporate history - say
those supposed accomplishments are already coming back to "haunt" her run for
the White House.

"She put herself ahead of the interests of the company and I fear she would do
the same as president," Jason Burnett, a grandson of the late HP co-founder
David Packard and a member of the Packard Foundation board of trustees, told the
Guardian. "I don't want her to do harm to this country."

HP's longtime director of corporate communications, Roy Verley, said his ex-boss
alienated colleagues with a "cult of Carly" that put self-promotion first.

"She didn't know what she was doing and couldn't deliver on her promises," said
Verley, who left HP in 2000.

The notion of a successful Fiorina reign at HP, he said, was "fantasy".

Burnett, echoing criticisms from more Hewletts and Packards alike, warned the
emergent class of political bankrollers in Silicon Valley - already courted by
Fiorina's competitors like Rand Paul and Jeb Bush and soon Clinton herself - to
"refresh their memory" before signing campaign checks.

Leslie Shedd, press secretary for Carly for America, defended Fiorina's tenure
at HP, saying she doubled revenue, tripled innovation, quadrupled cash flow and
bequeathed a stronger company.

"Under Carly's leadership, HP weathered the 2001 economic recession that
shuttered some of the top tech companies in Silicon Valley," Shedd said. "Carly
Fiorina made the tough decisions that were necessary to reform the company, and
HP and its shareholders reaped the rewards of those decisions after she left."

Shedd cited tech players such as investor Tom Perkins and Craig Barrett, former
Chairman of the board at Intel, who defended Fiorina's handling of the Compaq
merger.

She said Fiorina had had to deal with a "dysfunctional" board at HP and disputed
the credibility of lists ranking her boss as one of America's worst CEOs.

"Those lists are based on no metrics," Shedd said, " are completely the opinion
of whomever is compiling the list, and are nothing other than gossip."

But political scientists and technology bankrollers agreed that even a
woman-focused, folksy-outsider-meets-business-insider campaign would struggle to
shrug off cobwebby boardroom battles predating the Facebook era and re-emerge as
much more than a longshot.

"She takes the Silicon Valley motto that it's 'OK to fail' a tad too literally,"
wrote the usually sober editorialboard of the San Jose Mercury News, in calling
for more women in politics - except Carly Fiorina.

Texas to riches - and taking on Clinton

Little of Fiorina's boom-and-bust time at HP appears to have registered in the
Republican heartland, where she has been working on an invisible campaign for
months, touting her ostensibly humble origins and an only-in-America backstory.

The Texas-born daughter of an artist and a federal judge, she studied philosophy
and medieval history at Stanford and worked as a secretary and receptionist
before joining AT&T as a trainee manager.

Fiorina zoomed up the ranks, and in 1999, HP poached her to become the first
woman to lead a Fortune 50 company. The pay, perks and egalitarian ethos
elicited fierce employee loyalty, but the Silicon Valley behemoth needed a bold
new leader.

That is often where Fiorina's Horatio Alger-style narrative ends on the campaign
trail, and where the pro-life, pro-guns, pro-God social conservatism begins.

Related: From Iron Lady to #GrandmothersKnowBest: Hillary Clinton is playing the
'gender card' to win

While insisting that Clinton "can't play the gender card" against her, Fiorina
has further burnished her conservative appeal by challenging the Democratic
frontrunner's credentials.

"She has not accomplished much," Fiorina said of the former secretary of state
at a campaign stop last month in Iowa. "I have sat across the table from
Vladimir Putin."

"Obviously I've never negotiated a nuclear deal with Iran," she said at a recent
breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor. "But I've negotiated a lot of
deals."

The dual appeal - "I'm not a political neophyte, but I'm also not a professional
politician" - appears to have won over voters in early battleground states such
as Iowa and New Hampshire. But an Associated Press poll released over the
weekend suggests she may have many deals yet to make: just 7% of those surveyed
had a favourable view of Fiorina, and a full three-quarters said they did not
know enough about her.

"People out there are not troubled by the fact I have not held elected office,"
Fiorina told a conservative audience in Washington on Saturday.

A 'disaster' at HP looming on the campaign trail

Even if Fiorina's presidential run ends as a way to the vice-presidency,
campaign-watchers say her six years at HP will shape voter perceptions: "And not
to her advantage," said Melinda Jackson, a politics professor at San Jose state
university. "It was a rocky tenure. I think it will haunt her."

Critics recall that HP's board accused her of "destroying" the company's value
by mishandling the Compaq takeover, a move that committed HP to making
low-margin personal computers rather than focusing on higher-margin products
such as printers.

The company was sued by its shareholders, who argued she didn't deserve such a
massive severance package. Ben Rosen, the former chairman of Compaq, said
Fiorina "simply did not have the skills to manage one of the world's largest
technology companies".

Under Fiorina, HP revenue more than doubled - from $42bn in sales to $87bn - but
net earnings fell to $2.4bn from $3.1bn.

The Unlocking Potential Project, Fiorina's new initiative to help close the
gender gap and recruit more independent women backers, describes her
achievements at HP as including "market leadership in every market and product
category and quadruple cash-flow". But HP stock tumbled 50% during her tenure -
and leaped 6.9% the day after her departure.

Burnett, the Packard grandson, said those financial realities create a dilemma
for an ardent advocate of a free market advocate: "What can she say? The market
was mistaken?"

Five years after the ouster, when Fiorina began her first bid for public office
and challenged Barbara Boxer for her California senate seat, his sister Arianna
wrote a letter. Fiorina, the heiress warned three Republican senators who had
endorsed the former CEO, was spinning her record at HP - and Arianna Packard
accused her of using the golden parachute for "financing her campaign".

"[A]llow me to disillusion you of a few of your stated reasons for supporting
her," Packard wrote. "Most business commentators consider Fiorina's tenure at HP
to be a disaster."

Boxer defeated Fiorina resoundingly, thanks in large part to devastating attack
ads.

One intoned: "As CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers. Fiorina
shipped jobs to China. And while Californians lost their jobs, Fiorina tripled
her salary, bought a million-dollar yacht and five corporate jets... Carly
Fiorina. Outsourcing jobs. Out for herself."

Republican rivals for the 2016 nominating fight may borrow that playbook from
2010, said Bill Whalen, a Hoover Institution research fellow who advises
California's top Republicans.

"I can see a Super Pac doing the same to her in the primary," Whalen said. "Hers
is not an easy story to tell."

Escaping 'haters' and courting startup dollars

                     After spending last week in New Hampshire, Fiorina will
roll out her candidacy via social media on Monday, followed by media interviews,
a campaign booklet called "My Leadership Journey" and an address to the
TechCrunch Disrupt conference in New York, where she will seek to regain
confidence from a startup world she left behind on the wrong side of a bubble.

But her bid for the White House is already being cast by many politicos asa bid
for redemption, to banish the ignominy from her HP departure. Activists and
donors are watching closely to see if she can still lure campaign financing out
of a "Carly for America" fundraising operation already drawing scrutiny from
federal officials.

"I was in junior high; I don't know what happened at HP," said Aaron Ginn, the
co-founder of San Francisco-based Lincoln Labs, a lobbying group that enlists an
increasingly influential - and rich - group of Silicon Valley entrepreneurs
wading into the world of donations with politics that are a blend of socially
open-minded libertarianism and new-school Republicanism.

Speaking in a personal capacity, and without endorsing any candidate, Ginn said
he liked Fiorina's conviction and philosophical underpinnings. He shrugged off
the attacks on her as standard electoral fare: "You can find a hater anywhere,"
he said.

Related: Carly Fiorina will lose the Republican nomination to prove there's no
war on women

But as the Clintons discovered with Whitewater and now everything from email
servers to charitable donations, US presidential campaigns can shine harsh,
sustained spotlights on old events. Just ask John Kerry about that swift boat
and the Vietnam war.

Fiorina's admirers see presidential attributes in the tenacity and confidence of
an executive willing to confront the future - if not quite all of her past.

Her "incredibly smart, passionate, articulate" qualities shone some years ago,
said Carl Guardino, a former HP executive who is now CEO of the Silicon Valley
Leadership Group, when she accepted his invitation to address an audience of
mostly underprivileged Latina girls.

"She was mesmerising," Guardino said.

Verley, the former communications director at HP, said Fiorina's self-confidence
may have led to boardroom fiasco and that historical "fantasy" may yet help
Fiorina make an impact on the most crowded Republican field in years - and be a
thorn in Clinton's side.

"She's a born politician," he said. "She's extremely confident of her ability to
step into any situation and command it."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Petraeus admits guilt in plea deal

BYLINE: Adam Goldman;Sari Horwitz

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 964 words


David H. Petraeus, the retired general and former CIA director, has reached an
agreement with federal prosecutors to plead guilty to a misdemeanor charge for
mishandling classified materials, a deal that brings an end to a lengthy
investigation that kept him largely out of public view for more than two years.

The deal, if approved by a judge, will spare Petraeus a prison sentence and
allow him to avoid a trial that probably would have revealed details of his
relationship with his former mistress and biographer, who was the recipient of
the classified material in question.

As part of the agreement, Petraeus admitted improperly retaining a number of
bound notebooks containing sensitive national security information and giving
them to the biographer, Paula Broadwell. According to documents filed Tuesday in
federal court in North Carolina, Petraeus initially lied to FBI investigators,
telling them in an interview at CIA headquarters that he had never provided
Broadwell with classified information.

"The statements were false," prosecutors said in the court documents. "Defendant
David Howell Petraeus then and there knew that he previously shared the black
books with his biographer."

Prosecutors will not seek prison time for Petraeus. Instead they will ask a
judge to impose a probationary period of two years and make him pay a $40,000
fine. It is unclear whether Broadwell will face charges.

Attorneys for Petraeus and Broadwell declined to comment. News of a possible
plea deal was first reported by the New York Times.

The handling of the Petraeus investigation has become a subject of political
intrigue in Washington, with questions over whether the government would
prosecute a retired four-star general who became perhaps the most celebrated
military officer of his generation before going on to briefly lead the CIA.

The Justice Department has pursued several high-profile cases involving the
unauthorized disclosure of classified information, and a handful of other cases
remain open. FBI officials, for instance, have pressed prosecutors to charge
James Cartwright, the former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in
connection with the leaking of classified information about the Stuxnet
cyberattack against Iran's nuclear program.

Although Petraeus provided Broadwell with eight of the black books, as they are
known, to help her write the general's memoir, prosecutors said her book, "All
In," did not contain classified information.

According to prosecutors, the black books in Petraeus's possession dated to his
time as top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan. They contained code words,
war strategy, the identities of covert officers and other sensitive information.
They also outlined deliberative discussions with the National Security Council
and President Obama.

In an audiotape of a 2011 conversation recorded by Broadwell and later obtained
by investigators, the biographer asked Petraeus about the notebooks and noted
that the pair had not yet reviewed them together. "Umm, well, they're really - I
mean they are highly classified, some of them," he told her.

Court documents indicate that Petraeus gave the books to Broadwell a few weeks
later, in August 2011, while she was staying at a private residence in
Washington. Several days later, he retrieved them.

The FBI began investigating Petraeus in 2012 after Broadwell sent threatening
e-mails to Jill Kelley, a Florida woman who was an associate of Petraeus's.
Kelley, who did not know the identity of the sender, contacted the FBI, which
later traced the messages to Broadwell.

In the course of their investigation into Broadwell, the FBI uncovered not only
explicit e-mails between her and Petraeus but classified documents, prompting a
probe into how she obtained them.

The revelation of Petraeus's affair led to his resignation as CIA director in
November 2012. Two weeks later, he signed documents assuring the agency he no
longer had classified documents in his "possession, custody, or control."

When FBI agents raided Petraeus's house in Arlington, Va., in April 2013,
however, they seized the black books, which they found in an unlocked drawer in
his study.

Petraeus had previously turned over classified documents collected during his
tenure as head of U.S. forces in Afghanistan to a Pentagon historian but did not
hand over the black books, according to court documents.

Petraeus is not the first former CIA director to face charges for mishandling
classified information. In December 1996, then-Director John Deutch resigned
after agency security officers discovered he had stored highly classified
documents on his home computer, which was connected to the Internet.

After a criminal investigation, Deutch agreed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor
and pay a $5,000 fine. But before the prosecutors could file the papers in
federal court, President Bill Clinton pardoned him on his last day in office.

Petraeus, who routinely basked in the public spotlight during his days as a
general, has kept a relatively low profile during the course of the FBI
investigation. He  now serves as chairman of the KKR Global Institute, a part of
the private-equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, and also spends his time
teaching and giving speeches.

On Tuesday, public reaction to Petraeus's plea deal was muted.

Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), chairman of the Armed Services Committee, said the
general had "apologized and expressed deep regret for this situation, and I
believe it is time to consider this matter closed."

McCain, in a statement, said he hoped that "Petraeus will continue to provide
his outstanding service and leadership to our nation, as he has throughout his
distinguished career."

adam.goldman@washpost.com

sari.horwitz@washpost.com

Julie Tate and Carol D. Leonnig contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                           February 24, 1990 Saturday

BYLINE: MCDONNELL DAN

LENGTH: 865 words


Unearthing scandal in California's dying trade YOU wouldn't want to be dead in
southern California: you wouldn't know where and in what condition your earthly
remains would come to rest.

The shonky and sometimes outrageously insensitive practices employed by some of
California's undertakers are doing nothing to enhance the reputation of the
State's funeral industry, and a bizarre murder trial that will soon begin in Los
Angeles threatens to exhume some of the worst secrets of a business in which
bodies mean bucks.

The case has unearthed extraordinary stories: the mingling of remains, the theft
of body parts, the removal of gold teeth, multiple cremations, and now the
mysterious death of one who blew the whistle.

The story begins in 1982 when one David Wayne Sconce took control of the
Pasadena Crematorium as part of the operation of his family's Lamb Funeral Home.
The enterprising Sconce soon formed an offshoot called Coastal Cremations Inc,
taking bodies from other funeral parlours throughout the State and cremating
them for as little at $A70 each.

According to the Cremation Society of California, Sconce and his family were
trying to corner the cremation market. At the same time one Timothy Waters began
operating the Alpha Society cremation service at nearby Burbank.

Police say the 24-year-old Waters became disturbed upon hearing about the
practices of his competitor, and told a friend that Sconce's Lamb Funeral Home
was performing multiple cremations: packing more than one body into the ovens,
and making it impossible to be sure whose remains were being delivered to loved
ones. Waters' accusations and his threat to turn Sconce in to State funeral
regulators found their way back to an angry Sconce.

A month later Waters was beaten up at his office. The finger was pointed at
Sconce, and he was charged with assault. He pleaded guilty.

Two months later Waters was found dead at his parents' home.

Investigators put the death down to a heart attack.

Meanwhile Sconce found himself before court facing new charges of mixing human
remains, stealing various body parts and taking gold teeth from cadavers at his
funeral home. He pleaded guilty again and is serving a five-year jail term.

Now Sconce is coming back before court accused not of mishandling a corpse but
of creating one.

Still uneasy about the heart-attack theory, suspicious detectives brought in Dr
Fredrick Rieders, a Pennsylvania authority on oleander poisoning. After
analysing samples of blood from Waters' body, Rieders concluded that Sconce had
used the leaves of the plant to poison his competitor. Prosecutors say that
although they are uncertain how the alleged poisoning occurred, they have
testimony from someone who claims he saw Sconce slip an unknown substance into
Waters' drink at a restaurant.

Now they have launched what is believed to be the first murder prosecution for
oleander poisoning in US history.

Though there have been several reported cases of poisoning from the common but
lethal garden plant over the years, most of the poisonings were found to be
accidental. One woman died after brewing an oleander tea from what she thought
were harmless leaves, and there was a prosecution involving the promotion of
oleander as a folk medicine.

It's difficult to decide which is the more shocking in the Sconce case: the fact
that a funeral operator would resort to poisoning a competitor, or the fact that
he could stoop to burning several bodies at a time and stealing their gold
teeth.

The executive officer of the California Cemetery Board, John Gill, has described
it as "the worst scandal I've ever seen, or that I could ever imagine".

The accusations go much further than the activities of David Sconce. There has
been a rash of allegations about the mishandling of human remains by funeral
operators across southern California. Last year three former employees from
Memorial Park, a privately run cemetery in Pomona, claimed that workers there
had dumped bone and ash that wouldn't fit into family urns into 55-gallon
barrels.

They said the full barrels were loaded on to trucks and transported to nearby
dirt pits where they were emptied into a compost of lawn and shrub clippings.

Over a period of almost 30 years Memorial Park has performed about 28,000
cremations, and the disgruntled employees claim that portions of the ashes of 90
per cent of those bodies were discarded in the pits.

One worker said he approached his supervisor about the dumpings but was told
that if he didn't like the way the place was run he could quit.

In the meantime the owners of the cemetery have sold seven hectares containing
the alleged dump sites to an unsuspecting property developer who has already
begun building a luxury 93-home community.

Not only California's funeral business is coming under scrutiny.

Late last year a grand jury in Kentucky indicted three former officials of the
Louisville Crematories and Cemetery Co on 60 criminal charges including the
burial of as many as 48,000 bodies in graves that were already occupied.

Investigators there found human bones in such places as a toolbox, a fast-food
bag and a truck's glove compartment.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday
                                  Main Edition

WSU CONTROVERSY DISGUSTS, DISAPPOINTS FEEDBACK

SECTION: C; Pg. 002

LENGTH: 867 words


Last week, The Spokesman-Review examined the off-the-field criminal issues
currently swirling around the Washington State University football program. With
four felony arrests of WSU football players in the past month, the athletic
department has suddenly found itself answering more questions about the hits
players are delivering at parties in Pullman than the ones they are supposed to
be delivering on the gridiron.

Our Facebook followers were universally disappointed in the school after reading
the story Sunday, directing most of their outrage toward the leaders of the
program, coach Mike Leach and athletic director Bill Moos. Here is a sampling of
their responses to the story:

DANELLE PETERSON

The coach is responsible for this behavior. They shouldn't be allowed to get
away with this. I've never liked Leach but hoped he'd turn things around. My
husband is alumni so we have been fans since 1991. I can't support a team of
criminals who think they're above the law. Leach blames the police?? Of course.
Sounds about right these days. How dare the police go after the stronger athlete
for knocking a woman unconscious. Disappointing.

LARRY CEBULA

From the story: "I've been in this business a long time. (Leach) applies
discipline, with regard to his players, more than any coach I've ever been
around," Moos said. "There are rules on drug testing, and hitting women and
theft. And he's tough on fighting, too." Except none of that is true, and Moos
knows it.

BILL LEVINE

Lost a ton of respect for the coach for trying to blame the police for his
athletes' actions. That is a total cop out. The coach is the boss and ultimately
responsible for the action of all his employees or in this case players.

DARCIE GEER BENTLEY

"Rude behavior"?? Um, no! Rude behavior is something like juvenile name calling
NOT physical assault. Statements like that are the reason he has this problem!

JILL HUNT

This is truly outrageous. The fact that the athletic director & coach both
downplay this is probably one of the reasons there has been so much trouble.
It's like bad behavior from children & their parents making excuses and covering
it all up. Then they wonder why they're stuck with a rotten child - they helped
to create it! If something is rotten on the team, then look to the people who
are leading them. It's time to make some changes. The football team's playing is
lousy anyway.

RACHEL CLEMENTS

The coach and athletic director need to rein in their players. No one is being
targeted here. The days where college athletes are allowed to do what they want
need to go by the wayside. Maybe the team would win more if Coach acted like
one?

CARRELDAWN CLINE

I was amused recently after reading an article of the coach blaming law
enforcement for targeting the players. Sounds to me like the police are doing
their jobs.

ERIN DAVIS

Whining about the extra attention Leach? You and your boys REPRESENT our school.
You're going to get extra attention on and off the field. For us Cougs, you're
all we've got. THAT'S celebrity. That's what you get for your free tuition, high
priced wages and promises of fame. Don't like it? Don't play football or wait, I
got one better, don't break the law.

JASON DEVANEY

The coach's fault. Get rid of Mike Leach. He thinks his players are above the
law. 29 players arrested with Leach as their coach. That's not good for WAZZU.

CATHY BRONSON SCOTT

Please don't think I'm discounting the article or condoning the players behavior
or the coaches mishandling BUT every athlete pictured in the SR was black. Do
white players not get in trouble? Are Pullman police profiling?

BARBARA HALLESY WIRT

I certainly hope that my granddaughter is able to go to a university other than
WSU. It sounds like a continuation of high school behavior without the
supervision and consequences they would have in high school. I hope that alumni
exercise any influence they may have to clean up the situation.

RALPH STEPHENS

Stop placing Sports above morality and integrity and then maybe kids would be
less likely to get involved with booze and fighting.

AARON CUNNINGHAM

WSU has a reputation for partying and immature fraternity culture and it's
affecting athletics???? No way!!! WSU produces world class partiers and that's a
fact!!!

PHIL JONES

Fill in the blank... "There are significant concerns about the tone and culture
within the _______ football program as it relates to accountability for all
forms of student-athlete misconduct." If you guessed WSU you are incorrect. It's
Baylor who recently fired Head Coach Art Briles, The University President and
the AD over Baylor's mishandling of sexual assault allegations involving 2
football players. Just sayin.......

MARK CASH

These prospective NFLers will one day be kneeling for the National Anthem.

JOHN NEWMAN

But they're profiling football players, dontcha know?

ERIC KOVACICH

Just pat em in the butt, and give them a participation trophy....

ROGER YODER

Yeah, if you don't break the law you won't get arrested. Pretty simple.

LIZZY ARMSTRONG

I'm an alumni and extremely disappointed.

CHRIS DAWSON

Many here blame the coach and athletic director, yet, ultimately the players are
solely responsible for their actions. No one else.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  August 25, 2000 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

JUDGE GRANTS BAIL TO LEE NUCLEAR SECRETS:RULING MAY SIGNAL WEAKNESS IN CASE
AGAINST SCIENTIST.

BYLINE: DAN STOBER AND CHERYL DEVALL, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1144 words


Reversing his decision of eight months ago, U.S. District Court Judge James
Parker ruled Thursday that Wen Ho Lee should be released on $1 million bail from
his Santa Fe jail cell and sent home to Los Alamos to live under stringent house
arrest until his Nov. 6 trial.

The judge's change of heart seems a repudiation of a central element of the
government's case against the nuclear scientist. Federal prosecutors had
portrayed Lee as a dangerous criminal who might go to great lengths to provide
nuclear secrets to foreign countries if released.

The ruling came a week after the lead FBI agent on the case admitted in court
that some of his testimony in December that prompted Parker to deny bail to Lee
was inaccurate.

Thursday's decision created "tempered ecstasy" within the defense team,
according to Lee family attorney Brian Sun of Santa Monica. The restraint comes
from the knowledge that federal prosecutors may appeal the ruling. If Assistant
U.S. Attorney George Stamboulidis were to win a stay of the bail ruling while an
appeal was pending, Lee would remain in jail.

"We just do not know what the government's position will be on that subject,"
Sun said. Parker has set a hearing on the conditions of Lee's house arrest for
Tuesday in federal court in Albuquerque, N.M.

In the next few days, the legal team will try to work out the logistics of Lee's
release: posting bond, meeting with the scientist's family and supporters,
trying to carve out a calm place for the release to take place amid a likely
crush of news media.

Lee and his wife, Sylvia, along with Lee's brother and sister and the Lees'
next-door neighbors in Los Alamos, N.M., have pledged their properties to secure
the $1 million bail. In all, almost $2 million in property was offered by the
Lee family and their friends.

Lee was indicted in December on 59 counts of mishandling nuclear weapons
secrets. He had made copies of computer codes used to design thermonuclear
warheads for missiles. He stored the copies on an unsecure computer network at
Los Alamos National Laboratory, and downloaded them to portable backup tapes.
Seven of the tapes remain missing.

Defense strategy

Lee has offered no explanation, but his defense seems to be leaning toward the
notion that Lee was a naive pack rat who foolishly violated security rules, but
was not a spy.

Lee's attorneys phoned the jail in Santa Fe, N.M., Thursday evening and asked
jailers to get word to Lee about the ruling. But Lee probably heard it first on
the radio in his cell, Sun said.

Lee has been held under tough conditions for much of his internment. The Justice
Department used its authority to invoke rules called special administrative
measures. The measures, usually reserved for terrorists or spies, have kept Lee
in virtual solitary confinement. For much of his stay, he has been confined to
his cell 23 hours a day and forced to wear shackles when allowed into the
exercise yard.

Lee's daughter, Alberta, who has traveled widely speaking in his defense, was
overjoyed at the news, according to Diane Chin, the executive director of
Chinese for Affirmative Action in San Francisco, where Alberta Lee lives.

"The idea that he can eat his own cooking at home, sleep in his own bed and get
out of his orange jumpsuit is very exciting to her," Chin said. "It's been a
long eight months."

Limits on release

The conditions of Lee's bail will be tight. According to a draft order released
by Parker, Lee will be confined to his house, with no communications other than
a single phone, which the FBI may monitor. No calls may be made except to Lee's
attorneys and the pretrial officials to whom he must report twice a day. All
mail, sent or received, may be read by federal agents.

Only Lee and his wife may live in their middle-class suburban home. No one may
visit except their grown children, Alberta and Chung, who may make pre-arranged
visits during daylight hours, supervised by FBI agents.

Lee must wear an electronic ankle bracelet that radios his position to
authorities. Before he is allowed to go home, FBI agents may search his home for
secret communications devices. His attorneys must drive to his house to pick him
up for appointments.

The general outline of the conditions were suggested by Lee's attorneys, in
December, to demonstrate that he was willing to accept draconian measures to
satisfy claims by Robert Messemer, the lead FBI agent on the case, that Lee
posed a grave danger if released from jail.

Lee's defense team, bolstered by the bail ruling, now has hopes of having the
entire case thrown out of court before it ever gets to trial.

Lee has not been charged with espionage but has been held without bail on the
theory that he might be a spy. He was investigated as a potential spy in the
mid-1990s, when the FBI thought he might have passed weapons secrets to Chinese
scientists.

Messemer testified in December and again last week that the government had no
evidence that Lee ever passed classified information to anyone.

Nonetheless, Messemer testified that Lee should be held without bail, creating
scenarios for the judge in which foreign agents fly into Los Alamos and spirit
Lee away as a reward for his espionage.

Last week, in what may have been a pivotal point in the case, Messemer admitted
to several "mistakes" in his December testimony. He had testified that Lee used
a ruse to borrow a co-worker's computer to download the secret computer programs
to tapes. Lee, according to the FBI agent, had said that he wanted to use the
computer merely to download a resume, a lie that added to the suspiciousness of
Lee's actions.

But Messemer admitted last week that Lee had never used the word "resume."

Messemer also acknowledged he was wrong in testifying that Lee had mailed
certain letters overseas, and that he had not revealed contacts with Chinese
scientists while attending conferences in China.

Additionally, the defense last week produced testimony from senior U.S. nuclear
weapons physicists countering earlier prosecution claims that the nuclear
balance of world politics could be shifted if the contents of Lee's tapes were
leaked to another country.

In his ruling Thursday, Parker was circumspect in describing why he changed his
mind, writing that the evidence "no longer has the requisite clarity and
persuasive character necessary to overcome the statutory bias that distinctly
favors pretrial release on conditions."

Lee's request for bail was supported last week by the lab official who was the
head of counterintelligence at Los Alamos during the period in which Lee
downloaded the weapons data.

"I've known Wen Ho Lee for 20 years," said Robert Vrooman, who also is a former
CIA agent. "I've probably followed his activities more closely than anyone else,
and I don't think he's a flight risk."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE CASE AGAINST WEN HO LEE
A chronology of the government's case against nuclear scientist Wen Ho Lee:
1982: Lee phones nuclear engineer Gwo-Bao Min, who is suspected by the FBI of
being a spy for China.
1983: Lee is interviewed by the FBI, denies knowing Min or making the call, then
admits the truth when confronted with evidence of the wiretap.
1984: Lee admits supplying classified documents about nuclear reactors to
Taiwan; some were marked "not for foreign dissemination."
1985: Lee goes to China or a scientific conference. Upon his return, Lee fails
to disclose that Chinese scientists asked him for weapons-related information.
1988: Lee again travels to China, fails to disclose a meeting in a hotel room
with a Chinese weapons scientist.
1993-94: Lee transfers classified computer codes to an unclassified network at
Los Alamos that has connections to the Internet. He asks a colleague to let him
use his computer, which has a tape drive, and downloads classified codes to
portable backup tapes.
1997: Lee downloads more codes to portable tapes, this time directly from the
classified system. He records 10 tapes in all, seven of which are still missing.
They contain hundreds of files.
1998: Lee is moved from X-Division to another post at the lab and asks an
X-Division worker to retrieve a box from his old office. Lee says that the box
contains only unclassified material, but the co-worker finds classified material
inside.
1999: After an interview with the FBI, he begins deleting classified files he
has kept on the unclassified network. Lee is fired for violating security rules,
then is arrested and indicted on 59 counts of mishandling nuclear secrets. He is
denied bail.
2000: Lee wins the right to introduce classified material as evidence in his
case. An FBI agent retracts earlier testimony he gave in arguing that Lee should
be denied bail. The judge agrees to release Lee on $1 million bail.
Sources: court transcripts, filings
-- MERCURY NEWS

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Lee
[000825 FR 1A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 13, 2002 Thursday Home Edition

Kid Rock, Roth returning to town

BYLINE: RICHARD L. ELDREDGE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Features; Pg. 2D; PEACH BUZZ

LENGTH: 683 words


If you missed larger-than-life personalities Kid Rock or David Lee Roth at the
Music Midtown festival last month, both are coming back to Atlanta this year.

On Aug. 4, Roth (right) buries the hatchet with the other notable ex-Van Halen
lead singer, Sammy "I Can't Drive 55" Hagar, at HiFi Buys Amphitheatre. Give the
pair credit for a shrewd marketing concept while Eddie Van Halen stews on the
sidelines.

Their immodest boast in advertising: "Song for song the undisputed heavyweight
champs of rock 'n' roll!" Tickets go on sale at noon Saturday via Ticketmaster.

In the meantime, Run-D.M.C. and Aerosmith --- who broke the rock/rap barriers in
1987 with a remake of "Walk This Way," also announced a date at the same venue
for Oct. 22. Rap/rock progeny Kid Rock will join them as well.

'Tuscan Sun' on big screen

The popular book-club read "Under the Tuscan Sun" is headed to Hollywood's big
screen and likely will star Diane Lane. The "Unfaithful" actress is in
negotiations with Disney to headline a romantic film version of
Fitzgerald-raised author Frances Mayes' 1996 memoir about restoring a second
home in Italy and sampling the nation's transcendent food.

Filming is expected to begin in September, led by writer-director Audrey Wells
("Guinevere"). The movie may veer somewhat from Mayes' real-life experiences.

Reportedly, "Tuscan Sun" will involve Lane finding new love in Italy. Mayes was
already married to her second husband, Ed, when they began their sweet-life
sojourns to Bramasole, the old Tuscan house with the Etruscan stone wall that
they began loving and restoring about a dozen years ago.

Burnett honors daughter

When Carol Burnett brought some of her daughter's ashes to Belleville, Ark.,
where the comedian's grandmother grew up, the scene was anything but mournful.
Hundreds turned out to enjoy bluegrass music and laugh along with Burnett, who
appeared on a stage set up in the town park.

Burnett's great-grandfather, F.C. Jones, made his living in the west-central
Arkansas town more than a century ago. Her grandmother, Mabel Eudora Jones
Creighton White, often told her stories about the town.

Burnett's daughter, Carrie Hamilton, who lived in rural Colorado, died in
January of cancer-related pneumonia. She had visited Belleville to research the
family's history, and Burnett said her daughter had been captivated by the town.
She told her family she wanted her ashes divided between Colorado and
Belleville.


Bailey packs up for Boston

F. Lee Bailey, who was disbarred in November for mishandling $6 million worth of
stock for a client, has put his oceanfront Florida house on the market and is
moving back to Boston. Bailey's native Massachusetts also has revoked his law
license.

The 69-year-old lawyer gained national prominence in 1966 for getting a reversal
of the murder verdict against Sam Sheppard, an Ohio doctor convicted of killing
his wife. The case became the basis for "The Fugitive" television series.

Bailey, whose clients have included O.J. Simpson and Patty Hearst, was accused
by the Florida Bar of mishandling stock for a drug trafficker now serving a life
sentence. The U.S. Supreme Court refused to review the state decision in May.

'GMA' joins book club wave

Two months after the producers of NBC's "Today" announced plans to launch an
on-air book club, ABC's "Good Morning America" is making plans to start its own
recommended-reading list.

Once a month starting Friday, "GMA" will have book clubs from around the country
discuss their selections for a segment called "Read This."

"GMA's" move comes a week before "Today" plans to launch its own monthly
segment, for lesser-known books. It also comes six weeks after Regis Philbin's
"Live" co-host, Kelly Ripa, cranked up her own book club and put the novel "If
Looks Could Kill" on top of her beach reading list.

Celebrity birthdays

TV host Ralph Edwards ("This Is Your Life") is 89. Actor Malcolm McDowell is 59.
Comedian Tim Allen is 49. Actress Ally Sheedy is 40.

--- Contributing: Rodney Ho, Bob Longino and news services.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David Lee Roth

TYPE: Brief

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 8, 2011 Monday

PG&E workers say safety warnings ignored

BYLINE: By Steve Johnson San Jose Mercury News © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News
Group

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 1231 words


PG&E repeatedly ignored safety concerns raised by its employees in the years
before the deadly San Bruno explosion, and the workers were sometimes punished
for speaking up, according to lawsuits against the utility and interviews with
the workers.

James Redeker, whose job was to look for fraud and other misconduct as the
company's manager of investigations, said he was laid off when he complained
about "potentially explosive gas leaks" and falsified records. Steve Segale, a
gas-crew welding foreman, believes he lost out on lucrative overtime because he
complained about the same problems.

And when Mike Wiseman, a union safety leader, raised red flags about dangerous
gas-line working conditions, he said the utility detained him in a hotel
overnight, accused him of being "unstable" and made him submit to a psychiatric
evaluation.

The workers interviewed by this newspaper describe a pervasive corporate culture
where employees were discouraged from reporting safety problems and feared
retaliation if they did. Their allegations raise serious questions about PG&E's
ability to make its culture more safety-oriented -- as a state-appointed expert
panel recently said it must -- after the Sept. 9 San Bruno blast, which killed
eight people.

PG&E declined to comment on the employees' charges -- some of which have never
been publicly revealed -- because they constitute personnel matters, according
to company spokesman David Eisenhauer. He insisted, however, that "we absolutely
do not tolerate retaliation of any kind. We absolutely encourage any employee to
raise concerns at any time."

But at PG&E, many workers are afraid to speak out, according to Segale, 51.

"They're terrified," he said. "They're going to be branded 'not a team player.'
"

Though it's not unusual for a public utility to be accused of wrongdoing by
disgruntled employees, the companies had better thoroughly examine the
allegations and not just dismiss them out of hand, said Anthony Sabino, a law
professor at St. John's University in New York, who has followed the San Bruno
disaster.

"If the claim reveals a genuine problem, good lord, do something about it before
somebody gets hurt," he said. "You can't let these things cascade into
disaster."

Yet Segale contends PG&E dragged its heels before starting a major probe into
its mishandling of natural gas leaks.

According to records obtained by The Utility Reform Network, a consumer group
that is often critical of PG&E, the company in 2007 found "deficiencies" in the
way some gas leaks had been handled and that company records had been falsified.
The documents were vague about the nature of the deficiencies. But the problems
were serious enough to prompt the company to retrain many of its workers and
fire others, including some supervisors.

PG&E representatives told this newspaper that the utility discovered the problem
after Segale and two other employees complained about it during a 2007
shareholders meeting. A year later, at the next shareholders meeting, PG&E CEO
Peter Darbee praised the workers for communicating "their concerns," according
to a PG&E transcript of the meeting. "It's unfortunate," he added, "that those
employees had to raise it to senior management."

Workers say they had warned the company long before that.

One of them was Segale. He said in an interview that he complained in 2005 to a
company ethics hot line and to PG&E's fraud investigator, Redeker, that his boss
in Marin County was failing to fix some leaks and downplaying the seriousness of
others in falsified reports. Segale said he reported the misconduct after his
supervisor sought to discipline him for insisting on fixing a serious leak his
boss had told him not to repair.

Eventually, his boss, who had hoped to earn bonuses by minimizing problems in
his district, was fired, Segale said. But PG&E didn't immediately look for
similar problems elsewhere, he added, and Segale said the company punished his
forthrightness by denying him lucrative overtime work that other employees had
no trouble getting.

Redeker also said he told PG&E higher-ups in 2005 that leaks weren't being
repaired and records were falsified. He claimed in a lawsuit that the records
deception had led PG&E, the California Public Utilities Commission and the
public "to believe that potentially explosive gas leaks had been properly
repaired or had stopped leaking on their own, when, in fact, the underground gas
lines still were leaking gas in public places."

Nonetheless, the suit claimed, a PG&E attorney "strongly recommended" Redeker
keep quiet about the matter and the company "declined his offer" to help find
similar leak problems in other districts. Instead, Redeker said, he was laid off
in April 2006 in "retaliation" for reporting company misconduct. Four months
after he sued PG&E for wrongful termination, in 2008, the case was quietly
settled with the terms kept secret. The case was settled so quickly, PG&E didn't
even bother to file legal papers denying guilt, which is unusual for such
litigation.

A third person who tried to tell PG&E it was mishandling leaks was Jim Findley,
a 62-year-old mechanic who helps maintain gas pressure in pipes. He was among
the workers Darbee praised for having come forward in 2007. But Findley had
issued a similar warning two years earlier. During a shareholders meeting in
2005, a news story quoted him complaining, "We're managing leaks, we're not
fixing them."

In an interview, Findley said he also tried for years to alert the company that
it badly needed to upgrade its gas pipes. But until 2007, he said, PG&E
"dismissed me as a squeaky wheel."

In a separate matter last year, union safety official Wiseman said he ran afoul
of PG&E after complaining about its gas-line employees working in dangerous
conditions.

A lawsuit he filed accusing PG&E of labor law and other violations claims two
PG&E supervisors detained him overnight in a Stockton hotel, threatened to fire
him and made him undergo a psychiatric exam. The suit said he was found
"mentally fit, except for his anxiety that was attributable to his having been
severely mistreated by PG&E."

PG&E legal papers have denied Wiseman's allegations. But his claims about the
psychiatric evaluation are reminiscent of Neil Aiken, a former PG&E manager who
complained of safety problems at the Diablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant.

Aiken was fired after PG&E sent him to two psychiatrists in 1998 who declared
him a delusional security threat. Nonetheless, the U.S. Labor Department
concluded the psychiatric sessions were "more about how to remove Mr. Aiken from
his position than to make a fair, unbiased evaluation of Mr. Aiken's mental
state." It also faulted PG&E for "a culture where employees were reluctant to
voice safety complaints."

Yet another allegation that PG&E ignored warnings was leveled in June by Larry
Medina, PG&E's former records and information coordinator, who told authorities
he alerted PG&E in 1993 that its record keeping was deficient. PG&E's records
are still a mess, a potential safety issue the PUC is now investigating.

In the aftermath of the San Bruno accident, the PUC is considering creating
extra safeguards for workers who blow the whistle on utility misconduct. And, in
the future, Commissioner Mike Florio said he hopes the agency will be "more
proactive in seeking out information from these types of sources."

Contact Steve Johnson at 408-920-5043.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1007 words


A future with science

With science becoming more prominent in our lives, Topeka needs students
prepared to enter careers in this area. This need can be fulfilled by providing
our learners hands-on experiences at a facility geared for science and math
instruction.

A Science in the Hands of Kids center would provide workshops showing how to
teach science in a way that engages students. If Topeka could have a center like
the one in Grand Junction, Colo., it would be well on the way to fulfilling the
future needs of Topeka and surrounding areas.

At Grand Junction's SITHOK, students have the opportunity to learn basic and
advanced science concepts through hands-on instruction and activities. In
addition, it provides training opportunities for teachers to better instruct
students in the areas of math and science.

It was a great summer experience!

To learn more about SITHOK and the Western Colorado Math and Science Center, go
to www.sithok.org.

CAROLYN COOK, SUSAN LOCKEN and MARY MASTERS, teachers in Topeka Unified School
District 501

Worth saving

I haven't said much since I joined the Topeka Landmarks Commission, because I
have so much to learn. I take seriously the responsibility to go out and see
each item that is brought before us. I know we are just an advisory group, but I
believe actions in the past have given this group a responsible reputation.

I am an east side kid of Lincoln Elementary and East Topeka Junior High. I have
always known and visited East Hill Baptist Church from my church, the uptown
First Baptist. I was shocked when I saw the condition of the East Hill building.

I have done quite a bit of research on the history of the congregation and the
building. I have been through the building and can report that the foundation
and basic building are sound. It needs a new roof, and conversion remodeling
done in the 1950s should be removed to take it back to the original design.

This is a wonderful example of a black church built by volunteers. It shows the
fortitude a group of poor people in 1910 had to build their dream. An
observation of the brick work shows the nonprofessional application of the
mortar. Different sections were laid at different times. Money as well as
availability of labor caused construction delays that spanned more than a year.

I have been in the building, cleaning and trying to generate interest in it, and
I hope I haven't done anything wrong as a member of the commission. There is a
Bible on the pulpit, and the Gospel is being presented on Sundays.

We need to remember and honor those people and, I hope, save their dream.

Where are the children and grandchildren of these people who, at the height of
the Depression, could create with their love this example of faith and
dedication, a church that should be saved?

TED MIZE, Topeka

Dogs will be dogs

Topeka has some nice walking and biking trails around our community that provide
us all a chance to get our exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle, including
walking our best friends, our dogs, which also benefit from the results.

We have a law that states a dog must be on a leash at all times and be under
full control. Most people abide by it.

My complaint is that some think they have full control over their leashed pets
and will allow them to get close enough to attack an approaching walker if they
wanted to do so.

When you ask the owner if the dog will bite, the answer is no, because the owner
believes that.

But I am asking that the owner of the dog keep a tighter grip on the leash, and
give a little less leash when meeting a fellow walker, so we both can enjoy the
walk.

JACK L. FROST, Topeka

Be specific

This time of year we are deluged with what I dub "politerature" (political
literature). There is something I wish candidates would keep in mind.

For starters, "current resident" isn't a registered voter. "Head of household"
might be a registered voter and might not. As for the "Jones family," some may
be registered voters and some may not.

It takes very little time and no money (unless the rules have been changed) to
go to the election commission office, where anyone can get a list of registered
voters in any district running for any office from dog catcher to president.

If your literature comes to my house and doesn't have my name on it, I won't
vote for you even if you are my best friend.

SYLVIA J. HERRMANN, Topeka

An easier way

October is Breast Cancer Awareness month. Time to take the girls in for their
annual photograph.

As I stand there on my tiptoes, trying to raise them above my head to get them
in the "breast presser" I wonder: Why doesn't someone invent a table with
strategically placed openings and allow women to lie comfortably on their
stomachs take and advantage of gravity?

It would be easier to get them to smile and say cheese. And maybe I could get in
a nap.

VICKI TREMBLY, Topeka

Serving district well

We have known Roger Pine and his family for more than 50 years. During that time
we have watched as he and his family have unselfishly given of their time to
serve and participate in a broad range of activities and organizations. Most of
the time spent with these organizations is on a volunteer basis. We know of no
other family who has given so freely and generously.

Recent accusations have charged Roger with mishandling bids and monies while
serving as treasurer of the Kaw Valley Drainage District. We are served by the
drainage district and have no doubt that there has been no mishandling of money
by Roger. In fact, the county treasurer's office reviewed the funds and found no
discrepancies. We have witnessed many significant improvements to the drainage
during Roger's tenure on the board. His dedication and strong work ethic have
contributed to the planning and completion of these projects.

Roger's leadership skills have been a great asset to many organizations. He is a
loyal and honest citizen with the highest integrity, and has a genuine desire to
serve. We believe our community is a much better place because of the time and
commitment of Roger Pine.

PAT AND MARY ROSS, Lawrence

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 8, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

EX-CIA CHIEF SAYS HE'LL SKIP TESTIFYING

BYLINE: JONATHAN S. LANDAY, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Former CIA Director John Deutch on Monday declined to testify this week before
the Senate Intelligence Committee on his mishandling of classified materials.

The panel has asked Deutch to testify in a closed session Wednesday about why he
stored memos to President Clinton, details of covert operations and other
secrets on unsecured home computers when he headed the CIA from 1995 to 1996.

The computers were used to access the Internet, raising concerns that the data
they contained might have been stolen by skilled hackers.

An unidentified committee staffer said Deutch's lawyer cited time constraints in
turning down the invitation to testify. He said the panel hoped to learn by
Friday whether Deutch is willing to appear at all.

Asked whether the committee, which can vote to subpoena witnesses, would force
Deutch to appear, the staffer replied: "The committee is considering all of its
options." He would not elaborate.

As Deutch was leaving his post at the end of 1996, CIA security officers
discovered about 75 files totaling 250 pages of classified materials on three
unclassified computers the agency had loaned him.

The case was referred in April to the Justice Department, which declined to
prosecute him. In August, CIA Director George Tenet revoked Deutch's security
clearances.

At that time, the Pentagon also revoked clearances that had allowed Deutch, who
served in two senior Defense Department posts before joining the CIA and is now
a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, access to top-secret
military intelligence.

But defense officials let him keep an industrial security clearance, allowing
him to continue serving as a paid consultant on defense contracts with MIT and
several defense firms, including Raytheon Corp.

Such clearances are held by thousands of people, mostly defense contractors, and
provide access to information on defense technologies.

On Monday, Defense Secretary William Cohen said Pentagon officials were
reviewing Deutch's industrial security clearance.

Because of its nature, Cohen said, more evidence was required to warrant lifting
an industrial security clearance than those that provide access to military
intelligence.

Cohen also said Pentagon legal officials will review Deutch's handling of
classified materials while he served as deputy secretary of defense from 1994
until May 1995.

The Pentagon has "no information" that Deutch compromised any defense secrets,
Cohen said. But he said he was stumped by Deutch's mishandling of the materials
found on his computers.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Deutch
[000208 FR 6A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

Mishandling of asbestos costing ASU: 2006 violations at Memorial Union net
$96,000 in fines

BYLINE: Ryan Gabrielson, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 952 words


Jan. 14--The asbestos had remained harmlessly compressed into the tile lining
ASU's Memorial Union basement floor for decades.

But, in one day in August 2006, workers ripped out more than 5,000 square feet
of carcinogen-packed material without taking a single precaution. Asbestos
swirled into the basement air, tests would later confirm, to be inhaled by
members of the Arizona State University community.

Then workers carted the contaminated tile through the food court and upstairs to
open-air dumpsters, potentially leaving a toxic mist throughout the university's
busiest building.

It was several hours before ASU environmental safety officials realized what was
happening.

That hazard cost the university $44,000 in fines from Maricopa County, plus
$52,000 to sponsor a series of seminars on asbestos handling, including one
today at the Tempe campus. ASU is required to put on a seminar at each of its
four campuses.

University officials deny any fault in the incident, instead blaming the outside
contractor that they argue removed the tile without approval.

The Memorial Union asbestos release triggered the county's air quality
department to cite ASU for nine different violations. Among them, the county
alleged that the university failed to test the material before removing it and
failed to take measures to prevent the asbestos from becoming airborne.

Scott I. MacDonald, the county's asbestos inspections supervisor, checked on the
Memorial Union incident after receiving a complaint.

County air quality officials listed the ASU alleged violations as "major" due to
asbestos' "extremely high" toxicity, enforcement records show. A "medium amount"
of asbestos was released into the air.

Asbestos poses no health risk unless it becomes airborne. Even still, a person
typically must be exposed to the material over the long term before experiencing
any of the serious illnesses associated with asbestos, like lung cancer.

Those exposed to asbestos at the Memorial Union are unlikely to experience any
asbestos-related health problems.

"In this particular case, I would say no," MacDonald said.

The tile removal took place when classes were not in session.

Following the Memorial Union asbestos release, ASU hired three additional
environmental safety officials to handle asbestos issues and prevent similar
hazards in the future, Terri Shafer, a university spokeswoman, wrote in response
to Tribune questions.

Nevertheless, another incident took place in October 2007, when a university
building official directed workers to remove a porch roof from the Lyceum
Theatre that was filled with asbestos. The Arizona Department of Occupational
Safety and Health cited the university for a "non-serious" violation of federal
safety laws in connection with the roof removal.

The asbestos release at the Memorial Union came as the university began a
project to replace carpet.

Kristian Luce, co-owner of Hoodlums Music, which then operated out of the ASU
Memorial Union basement, said he watched the tile removal with his business
partner, Steve Wiley.

"Me and Steve were sitting there saying, 'Doesn't that look like old asbestos
flooring?'" Luce said.

ASU had hired a contractor, Re:Source Arizona, for the project, which had in
turn hired a subcontractor, PowerTech Flooring Removal, to clear the way for the
new carpet. On Aug. 7, 2006, PowerTech employees used a machine "designed to
remove flooring by use of rotating blades," according to a report on the
incident written by Dave Jaggers, an ASU asbestos specialist.

University environmental safety officials knew the tile floor likely contained
asbestos, but were not aware the flooring was being torn out.

Mike Matthies, then director of the Memorial Union, ordered the contractor to
begin work. Shafer said that direction did not include removing the tile.

Luce said he and Wiley closed Hoodlums, which they moved to a new location in
south Tempe last year, that afternoon and were alarmed at what they found upon
returning to the shop that evening.

"Everyone's walking around in asbestos suits and things are all taped off," Luce
said.

ASU officials, who shut down and cleared the area where workers removed
flooring, were concerned about the impact on people like Luce.

"What's different with the MU episode is the many kinds of people who were
working in and around the area of the disturbance: food servers, cashiers, sales
persons, custodians," Eric Ram, then an ASU asbestos specialist, wrote to
another university official at the time. "Also, students were walking and eating
in the vicinity."

Matthies could not be reached for comment Tuesday. He left ASU to do food
service design for Webb Design in California.

ASU denied that it could find any e-mail records showing that Matthies told
Re:Source Arizona to begin work. However, the contractor provided county air
quality officials with records showing that Matthies did just that.

"Please move forward or yes 'Go,'" Matthies wrote to the contractor more than a
week before the tile was removed.

"Their style was just to steamroll through things," Luce said of ASU's Memorial
Union managers. "Just some work crew shows up and starts ripping things out. No
one was checking what they were doing."

If you go

What: ASU seminar on asbestos handling

When: 8 a.m. today

Where: ASU Memorial Union, Arizona Ballroom

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090114-MZ-Mishandling-of-asbestos-costing-ASU-0114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2009 East Valley Tribune


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Moscow Times

                               December 16, 1999

Lee Wen Ho Is Innocent

BYLINE: By Robert Scheer

SECTION: No. 1860

LENGTH: 797 words


J'Accuse," as Emile Zola once wrote in accusing the French government of
defaming an innocent man. In a case that parallels the frame-up of Alfred
Dreyfus, a Jewish captain in the French army a century ago, the U.S. government
is hellbent on destroying Wen Ho Lee, a naturalized U.S. citizen and former Los
Alamos nuclear weapons scientist born in Taiwan and being held in Albuquerque,
New Mexico without bail. In both cases, the "foreignness" of the suspect was
used by officials and the media to stoke fears of betrayal of the nation's
security to a dangerous enemy.

In Dreyfus' case, he was linked to a document found in German hands revealing
the transfer of military secrets. Convicted of treason on false evidence, he was
finally exonerated after 13 years.

Likewise, the case against Lee began with a document found in the possession of
a foreign government -China- purporting to contain a secret sketch of the W -88
nuclear warhead, the United States' most-advanced nuclear weapon.

It is now conceded that Lee had no access to the sketch in question, and while
he is not now accused of transferring secrets to any government, he faces a life
sentence for the far less serious and totally unrelated charge of "mishandling"
classified material.

It's an anticlimactic ending to a four-year effort by the U.S. government to
prove that Lee stole the secret design for the miniaturized W-88 nuclear warhead
and then gave it to the Chinese military.

That was the heart of the infamous China spy scandal that has absorbed a
congressional committee, fanning the flames of racism and damaging relations
with China. That unfounded charge against Lee had been leaked by government and
congressional officials and trumpeted by the media, led by The New York Times,
for the past year.

Earlier this month, the government conceded with its filing that it has no such
case. Indeed, the FBI has now admitted that Lee and the Los Alamos lab where he
worked never had access to the flawed design drawing of the weapon. That
allegedly purloined drawing dates back to 1988 when Ronald Reagan was president,
and it was created, with its signature design flaws, at a stage in the weapons
development after the Los Alamos involvement.

The FBI has now switched its investigation to the Sandia and Lockheed labs where
the flawed design document was created, and Lee in effect has been exonerated of
the charge that started all this.

This fact, that the allegedly stolen sketch was not created at Los Alamos, and
therefore not available to Lee, was reported in The Washington Post and other
newspapers, but not in The New York Times, which has unfairly built the case
against Lee.

Not only did Lee have nothing to do with the sketch of the warhead that was at
the heart of the much ballyhooed China spy scandal, but The Associated Press has
reported that the FBI has known this fact for well over a year.

The existence of this exculpatory evidence regarding Lee was revealed in a
letter to the U.S. Senate last month by Assistant FBI Director Neil Gallagher,
who oversees national security cases for the FBI.

Gallagher wrote that the Albuquerque FBI office, which was in charge of the
investigation, had filed reports in November and December 1998 and again in
January of this year that "question the accuracy of certain representations and
conclusions" about the original evidence produced against Lee.

The AP last week also reported access to a document from the FBI dated Jan. 22,
1999, stating that "the FBI office in Albuquerque continues to insist" that Lee
had nothing to do with the China spying case. FBI Director Louis Freeh was
briefed by agents in Albuquerque last March and again told that "it did not
appear" that Lee had anything to do with the theft of the warhead design.

Yet Lee was fired in March without a hearing, his name was publicly revealed and
connected to international espionage and he has lived under a cloud of suspicion
ever since. Unable to link Lee with transferring secrets to China or any other
government, the Justice Department has focused its wrath on Lee's mishandling of
classified data and sought what appears to be a woefully disproportionate life
sentence.

The limited scope of the government's indictment leaves the China spy scandal
without a villain or, indeed, any evidence that secrets were even stolen in the
first place.

The FBI obviously still doesn't have a clue as to who, if anyone, stole the
missile warhead design 12 years ago, but it should at least admit that Lee was
the wrong target. Hopefully, Lee will not have to wait for this measure of
justice as long as Dreyfus did.

Robert Scheer is a contributing editor at the Los Angeles Times, where this
comment initially appeared.


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                        Copyright 1999 Independent Press


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 April 5, 2012

Making sense of the indefensible

BYLINE: Hein Marais: HIV/AIDS

SECTION: COMMENT & ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 1682 words



HIGHLIGHT: Aids denialism was not just the hubris of Mbeki; it has emerged from
a history of colonialism and science, writes Hein Marais.


Enough commentators have snatched at the bait in Frank Chikane's hagiographic
effort, Eight Days in September: The Removal of Thabo Mbeki, to set tongues
wagging and cash registers ringing. Chikane's account of Mbeki's demise and the
sugary recollections of his feats in office have provoked a torrent of rebuke
and rebuttal in the media. The book sold out within days.

But this "debate" is really little more than two clichÃ©s clashing. The one
seeks to rehabilitate the fallen philosopher-king, painting Mbeki as
misunderstood, unfairly vilified and eventually undone by betrayal. The other
endorses that fate, reciting a familiar sheet of misdemeanours: the abuse of
power and authority, overseeing the emergence of a bumptious new elite while
inequality deepened, mishandling the Zimbabwe crisis and responsibility for many
thousands of Aids deaths.

The evidence favours the latter stance. But both accounts blind us to larger,
vital issues. When we condense complicated events into the deeds and thoughts of
a single protagonist, we do not learn lessons of much use -- besides, possibly,
the reminder not to elect anyone like that to high office again. Such stumpy
analysis pushes into the shadows the webs of culpability -- and complicity --
that extend far beyond the lofty perches of power. And it blots out the deeper
logic of grave blunders and abuse.

Blame on Mbeki and his confidants

 The mishandling of the Aids epidemic exemplifies all this. The standard account
places the blame for that fiasco at the feet of Mbeki and an inner circle
bedazzled by his denialist yarns. Together, they are said to have devised and
enforced an irrational and deadly set of positions that, according to one study,
led to about 330 000 avoidable deaths.

No doubt, rarified decision-making, along with browbeating and intimidation,
were hallmarks of the Mbeki era. So it is tempting to blame the fiasco on
autocratic delusion. But denialism was not only dominant, it was hegemonic in
the ANC. For most of that drawn-out debacle, scarcely any ANC figure of note
publicly broke ranks, including stalwarts revered for their independence of
thought and the courage of their convictions.

The response of ANC parliamentarians to a speech by Mbeki in September 2000 was
emblematic of such wider endorsement.

As Mbeki reeled off denialist claims (HIV has never been isolated, the
pharmaceutical industry invented the idea that HIV causes Aids to sell drugs,
and so on), he was repeatedly interrupted by applause. When the oration ended,
the room erupted in cheers and cries of "Viva Thabo, Viva!" as former ANC MP
Andrew Feinstein has recollected.

This was not Honecker's East Germany or Nkrumah's Ghana of the 1960s. Coercion
does not explain such enthusiasm. On view was a display of seduction and
self-discipline, spiked with a hint of intimidation. Any serious attempt to
prevent a replay of a debacle as unconscionable and deadly as the ANC's refusal
to provide life-saving treatment to people with HIV has to come to grips with
each of those elements.

The ANC's tradition of "democratic centralism" did not offer much of an alibi
for those cheering MPs. Ridiculing the Aids epidemic and denying treatment to
the afflicted was never ANC policy. Members had every right -- in fact, a huge
duty -- to challenge pronouncements and practices that in effect condemned many
thousands of people to death.  It is vital that we grasp why the vast majority
of them chose not to do so. Simply blaming Mbeki and his mandarins blocks such
understanding.

Aids misconceptions

 The popular understanding of Aids has long been invested with stereotypes and
prejudice, including ones that pathologise African sexuality. These follow
sturdy traditions. For more than two centuries, those kinds of imageries have
served as a screen on which Western cultures have projected their own,
contrasting self-portraits of restraint, purity and rationality.

The linking of race, libido and death in colonialist discourses -- and the
apparent complicity of medical and social science in this -- was on loud display
in South Africa, not least during the syphilis scares of the 1930s and 1940s,
when African men were cast as voracious sexual predators. Such themes would
remain a staple of the racist imagination. It is no accident that Mbeki's more
florid interventions on Aids all bristled with awareness of those histories.

Aids denialism in South Africa did not start with Mbeki, but he did join the
dots in ways that resonated powerfully with many South Africans, yet escaped so
many critics.

Conspiracy theories about Aids had surfaced in popular magazines in the early
1990s and they received thumping endorsement in the ANC's Sechaba journal as
early as 1988, when the lionised young intellectual Jabulani "Mzala" Nxumalo
declared that HIV had been concocted in the "laboratories of the
military-industrial complex of the USA".

So denialism was never simply -- and sometimes not at all -- about the epidemic
itself. By the time Mbeki took up the issue, Aids was already doubling as a
stage for other battles (against the global patent regime and against the
profiteering of pharmaceutical corporations, for example), for asserting "Third
World nationalism" and for spotlighting outrages and injustices that had been
swept under the carpet.

Aids denialism was fed in part by stinging memories of how colonial power and
science (including medical science) converged in the lives of subjugated
communities.

An example was the rinderpest epidemic that scythed through cattle-farming
communities on South Africa's eastern coast in late 1896. African farmers
resented the quarantine measures applied against them and the forced vaccination
of their cattle by roaming teams of veterinarians, accompanied by court
officials and police. The fact that vaccinated cattle showed temporary symptoms
of rinderpest and that the most effective serum at the time protected cattle for
only four months, stoked angry distrust about the motives of the exercise.
Western science was experienced as an intrusive and disruptive force,
supplementing other acts of dispossession and deprivation.

Similar distrust spiked reactions to flu-vaccination drives during the 1918
influenza epidemic, when rumours circulated that the vaccine was a tool to
exterminate black South Africans. The similarity to claims encountered on the
outer fringes of Aids scepticism is obvious.

In subsequent decades, science was deployed in increasingly haughty and
outrageous ways. There were the "benign" interventions of new cultivation,
irrigation or contouring techniques and strict livestock-vaccination
requirements. There were the outrages of apartheid "family planning" campaigns
among black South Africans. And there were even more extreme examples, such as
the chemical and biological-warfare experiments of Wouter Basson, and his search
for surreptitious ways to induce infertility in Africans. (Mbeki at one point
likened the provision of antiretroviral drugs in the Western Cape to the
"biological warfare of the apartheid era".)

Suspicious about science

 South African history, therefore, fuelled a fervent suspicion about disease,
science and power and about the loathsome ways in which they sometimes converge.
Aids became a lens that focused such misgivings. Aids science was ridiculed as
yet another instance where Western medicine and imperialist exploitation were
fused together.

And so denialism fed a self-gratifying sense of resisting "imperialist
bullying", of defying power. But there was an obvious contradiction in such
posturing. Nowhere else in the world were denialist claims issued from such
lofty heights and with such insistence as in South Africa. This was no underdog
digging in its heels; it was also power pronouncing.

Still, the broader point stands. In South Africa, denialism functioned as a
grammar -- and a substitute -- for broader political and ideological
affirmations and tussles. It presented opportunities to denounce racism. It
vented frustrations and passions that had been stifled during the 1990s, when
stability and makeshift conciliation were the priorities. Denialism seemed to
signal the end of that interlude. It announced that history still bulged with
unfinished business and that there were "truths" that would not stay swept under
the carpet. It also chimed neatly with key themes of a then-in-vogue "African
renaissance", by affirming Africans' right and duty to describe their own
realities, define their own futures, and reject the imageries imposed by the
West.

Seen from such angles, a kind of earnestness seemed at work. But these gestures
were also deeply hypocritical. Denialism was paraded as a form of nationalist
defiance. But that defiance was not extended into other realms. Economic policy
was off limits; corporate capital had instilled a docile aversion to heterodoxy
on that front. It was as if the embrace of economic and technocratic orthodoxy
in post-apartheid South Africa demanded, psychologically, a theatrical act of
resistance, of anti-imperial posturing -- for which Aids became the stage.

These therapeutic functions were vital aspects of the wider appeal of denialism
in the ANC. It substituted for other confrontations and made it possible to
speak about some of the ignominy that shapes so much of our history and our
present.

Writing about some of the outlandish responses to the 14th-century plague in
Europe, Andrew Rissik has noted that, "as ever, what matter[ed] wasn't what was
true, but what seemed at the time to make wider sense". The same holds for Aids
and the allure of denialism.

An appreciation of that "wider sense" has been largely absent from the
retrospective jousting around Aids and the Mbeki years. It has been easier to
park our outrage at his door.

No doubt, he should be held to account. But, left at that, the wider complicity
is ignored and its roots stay unexamined, ready to burst to the surface again on
some other pretext.     Hein Marais is the author of South Africa Pushed to the
Limit: The Political Economy of Change (UCT Press). He blogs at

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              June 5, 2005 Sunday

SECTION: STATE | NATION | WORLD

LENGTH: 534 words


White House defensive after new reports of Quran desecration

@BY1:By Deb Riechmann @BY2:Associated Press @BODY:CRAWFORD, Texas A Pentagon
report detailing incidents in which U.S. guards at Guantanamo Bay prison
desecrated the Quran is creating another public relations challenge for
President Bush.

Two weeks ago, the White House was thrown on the defensive by a now-retracted
Newsweek report alleging that U.S. interrogators at the detention center for
alleged terrorists in Cuba had flushed a Quran down a toilet.

The story stirred worldwide controversy and the Bush administration blamed it
for deadly demonstrations in Afghanistan. Saying America's image abroad had
suffered irreparable damage, the White House responded with a verbal offensive
against the media.

On Saturday, a day after the Pentagon described a series of cases of U.S.
personnel mishandling the Quran, the White House downplayed the issue.

"It is unfortunate that some have chosen to take out of context a few isolated
incidents by a few individuals," presidential spokesman Scott McClellan said in
a statement.

Joe Lockhart, former press secretary for President Clinton, said that when a
news organization such as Newsweek makes a factual mistake, White House
officials are tempted to try to discredit the entire story.

"I think on this issue, they fell into a trap," Lockhart said. "They saw a way
to push back on a damaging story by making it look like it was just
out-of-control journalists, and now they've had to admit that it has happened."

McClellan's statements after the Newsweek report left an impression that no
desecration at all had occurred at Guantanamo, Lockhart said.

"While the news organization got an example wrong, they got the practice right,"
he said. "I think certainly the public is within their right, in this case, to
believe they were misled."

The Pentagon confirmed Friday evening after the networks' evening news shows had
aired that a U.S. soldier had deliberately kicked a prisoner's holy book. The
report also said prison guards had thrown water balloons in a cell block,
causing an unspecified number of Qurans to get wet; a guard's urine had splashed
on a detainee and his Quran; an interrogator had stepped on a Quran during an
interrogation; and a two-word obscenity had been written in English on the
inside cover of a Quran.

Pentagon officials said the problems were relatively minor and U.S. commanders
have gone to great lengths to enable detainees to practice their religion.

White House officials noted that the investigation last month, by Brig. Gen. Jay
Hood, the commander of the detention center, also found 15 cases of detainees
mishandling their own Qurans.

"These included using a Quran as a pillow, ripping pages out of the Quran,
attempting to flush a Quran down the toilet and urinating on the Quran," Hood's
report said. It offered no possible explanation for the detainees' actions.

McClellan declined to answer questions about whether the White House issued
misleading statements, whether the credibility of the Bush administration had
been tarnished or whether the Pentagon report would hamper Bush's efforts to
spread democracy in the Middle East.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           September 9, 2013  Monday

Accused of Missteps, Colleges Strive to Resolve Reports of Rape

BYLINE: Casey McDermott

SECTION: STUDENTS; Administration

LENGTH: 1059  words

ABSTRACT

Campuses aren't courts, but officials are required to take on an issue that even
the criminal-justice system struggles to handle.

FULL TEXT

When a student comes forward to a campus official to report a rape, the college,
under federal law, must investigate and resolve the case. That puts institutions
in a tough spot: They aren't courts, but they are required to take on a fraught
issue that even the criminal-justice system struggles to handle.

Colleges' missteps in this process have been highly publicized of late. They can
bring complaints from students who have reported assaults. Federal and state
investigations can result, as well as lawsuits from accused students who say
they were unfairly punished.

So colleges are searching for clarity on how, exactly, to respond to reports of
rape.

Federal guidance on Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972-the
civil-rights law that prohibits sex discrimination at institutions that receive
federal money, requiring them to respond to sexual violence on campuses-says
colleges' responses must be "prompt, thorough, and impartial." But for many
institutions, figuring out how to do that is still a work in progress.

Colleges wrestle with endless questions: Who should field sexual-assault
reports, and who should investigate them? What skills should those people have?
How much would it cost to hire or train investigators? How can the process
balance the rights and sensitivities of accusing and accused students, both
before and during a hearing? And if a student is found responsible for
misconduct, then what?

"Universities are, frankly, somewhat frightened by what they perceive to be
conflicting pressures and legal demands," says David Lisak, a clinical
psychologist and former professor at the University of Massachusetts at Boston
who studies campus sexual assault. While colleges are generally equipped to
handle infractions like theft or plagiarism, they often lack the tools for
dealing with sexual violence as the law demands. "In a lot of ways," Mr. Lisak
says, "it makes no sense for a university to try to handle sexual-assault
cases."

Government Guidance

But they must, and the government has gotten louder, if not clearer, about
enforcement. Guidance from the U.S. Department of Education in 2011 prescribed a
certain standard of evidence (more likely than not) for campus cases, and
settlements with individual colleges have specified other policies and
procedures. Those developments, and growing activism from students, have
prompted some colleges to change the way they respond to reports of rape. And
there's no shortage of consultants, Webinars, and training sessions promoting
certain considerations, even complete models.

Among colleges' hardest tasks is deciding who should investigate reports of
sexual assault, and how. The stakes are high: Colleges have to gather reliable
information, often about an alcohol-related incident, while being fair to both
parties.

To accomplish this, many institutions are turning to trained investigators.
Sometimes university employees, sometimes not, they know that if they bungle
their questions or take incomplete notes, a student who has come forward may
feel alienated-and that one who stands accused may be denied a fair hearing.

"The first questions, if not framed correctly, can have a chilling effect" on
the reporting of rape, and on whether a case can move forward, says S. Daniel
Carter, director of the 32 National Campus Safety Initiative, which is named for
the 32 professors and students who were killed by a gunman at Virginia Tech in
2007. Victims who feel that their institutions have shrugged off their
statements, he says, often say that officials seem "tone deaf" to their trauma.

Experienced investigators are attuned to the complexities of this issue, experts
say. A victim may display counterintuitive behavior-laughing, say, while
describing an assault-or wait weeks or months after an incident to file a
report.

In hearing cases, colleges must be swift but fair. If they act too slowly, they
may make the reporting student feel slighted or even more vulnerable. A rushed
process, though, can erode the accused student's due-process rights. Lawsuits
against St. Joseph's University, Vassar College, and Xavier University, in Ohio,
each make such claims.

As for who presides over hearings, activists and observers have faulted many
colleges for using panels of faculty, staff, or students who lack a nuanced
understanding of sexual violence. That can be especially uncomfortable on a
small campus. So other alternatives have emerged, says Gina Maisto Smith, a
lawyer who consults with several colleges under federal investigations for
alleged mishandling of sexual assault. Some colleges, she says, now use panels
of trained administrators from nearby institutions. Another approach is to hire
an outside investigator to complement the institutional knowledge of trained
faculty and staff members.

If a student is found responsible to some degree, deciding on a penalty can be
difficult. Yale University faced criticism this summer for inconsistency, after
a public report showed that findings of "nonconsensual sex" had sometimes led to
written reprimands and other times to limitations on contact. Other colleges
have recently taken a tougher stance: In July, Duke University announced revised
sanctioning guidelines that make expulsion the recommended penalty for students
found responsible for sexual assault.

As institutions scramble to protect students and to meet legal obligations, some
colleges are finding that federal guidance on Title IX that was meant to allow
some institutional flexibility can be a mixed blessing. Trying to get things
right has made some campus officials wonder, Ms. Smith says, whether "it may be
easier not to have choice."

How One College Handles Sexual-Misconduct Reports

As one of about two dozen colleges under federal investigation for allegedly
mishandling sexual-misconduct complaints, the University of North Carolina at
Chapel Hill is re-evaluating its system for resolving students' reports of
assault by other students. So far, this continuing review has led Chapel Hill to
revamp its reporting process, hire new staff members to field and investigate
reports, and set up a committee to review the institutional response from all
sides. As of September, here's how the process works:

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lynch Will Deer on Bringing Case Against Clinton

BYLINE: By MARK LANDLER, MATT APUZZO and AMY CHOZICK; Mark Landler and Matt
Apuzzo reported from Washington, and Amy Chozick from New York. Chad Abraham
contributed reporting from Aspen, Colo..

Follow Mark Landler and Matt Apuzzo on Twitter.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1296 words


WASHINGTON -- Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, conceding that her airport
meeting with former President Bill Clinton this week had cast a shadow over the
federal investigation of Hillary Clinton's personal email account, said Friday
that she would accept whatever recommendations career prosecutors and the F.B.I.
director made about whether to bring charges in the case.

Ms. Lynch said she had decided this spring to defer to the recommendations of
her staff and the F.B.I. because her status as a political appointee sitting in
judgment on a politically charged case would raise questions of a conflict of
interest. But the meeting with Mr. Clinton, she acknowledged, had deepened those
questions, and she said she now felt compelled to explain publicly her reasoning
to try to put the concerns to rest.

''People have a whole host of reasons to have questions about how we in
government do our business,'' Ms. Lynch said at an Aspen Institute conference in
Colorado. ''My meeting on the plane with former President Clinton could give
them another reason to have questions and concerns.''

Though she insisted the 30-minute conversation was a purely social encounter,
Ms. Lynch said, ''I certainly wouldn't do it again.''

The attorney general's response did little to quell a political tempest in
Washington, with some Republicans calling for her to recuse herself from the
case -- a step she said she was not going to take. Donald J. Trump, the
presumptive Republican nominee, said the meeting had ''opened up a Pandora's
box.'' He cast doubt on whether it was entirely social, citing it as an example
of how ''the special interests are controlling your government.''

For Democrats, already anxious about the political impact of the email
investigation, the incident revived fears that Mr. Clinton could become a rogue
actor in a campaign that has so far operated more smoothly than Mrs. Clinton's
presidential bid in 2008.

Mr. Clinton, who was on a seven-state fund-raising swing for his wife, strode
across the tarmac at the airport in Phoenix to greet Ms. Lynch after her plane
landed there on Monday night. The attorney general joked that she should have
acted more swiftly to keep him from boarding. Asked by a journalist to name one
thing she wished her predecessor, Eric H. Holder Jr., had told her about her
job, she replied, ''Where the lock on the plane door was.''

Still, Ms. Lynch said the episode was personally distressing because it stained
the reputation of the Justice Department. ''The fact that the meeting that I had
is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something
that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully,'' she said.

Even Ms. Lynch's explanation of how she planned to distance herself from the
case -- without recusing herself -- required further clarification. ''The case
will be resolved by the team that's been working on it from the beginning,'' she
said in Aspen. But a Justice Department spokeswoman, Melanie Newman, noted
afterward that even if Ms. Lynch accepted the recommendation of her staff, she
would be the one making the decision.

''She's the head of the department,'' Ms. Newman said, ''and with that comes
ultimate responsibility for any decision.''

The White House declined to comment on Ms. Lynch's decision. President Obama
''believes that this matter should be handled without regard to politics,'' the
press secretary, Josh Earnest, said.

The F.B.I. is investigating whether Mrs. Clinton, her aides or anyone else broke
the law by setting up a private email server for her to use as secretary of
state. Internal investigators have concluded that the server was used to send
classified information. For the Justice Department, the central question is
whether the conduct met the legal standard for the crime of mishandling
classified information.

Ms. Lynch, whom Mr. Clinton appointed to be a United States attorney in 1999,
said that the meeting with the former president was unplanned and largely
social, and did not touch on the email investigation.

''He said hello and we basically said hello, and congratulated him on his
grandchildren, as people do,'' said Ms. Lynch, who was traveling with her
husband. ''That led to a conversation about those grandchildren.''

For Mr. Clinton, who travels frequently by private jet, such airport socializing
is common. Last month, he ran into Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah,
after speaking at the funeral of Muhammad Ali in Louisville, Ky. The two chatted
before their planes took off. He has also greeted Representative Paul D. Ryan,
the House speaker, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former Republican governor of
California, on the tarmac. And in Mobile, Ala., he chatted with Senator Ted
Cruz, the Texas Republican who has called for Mrs. Clinton's imprisonment.

This meeting, however, created a particularly awkward situation for Ms. Lynch, a
veteran prosecutor who was nominated from outside Washington's political
circles. During her confirmation, her allies sought to contrast her with her
predecessor, Mr. Holder, an outspoken liberal voice who clashed frequently with
Republicans who accused him of politicizing the office.

Ms. Lynch's reassurance that she will not overrule her investigators is
significant. When the F.B.I. sought to bring felony charges against David H.
Petraeus, the former C.I.A. director, for mishandling classified information and
lying about it, Mr. Holder stepped in and reduced the charge to a misdemeanor.
That decision opened a deep -- and public -- rift.

Two other political appointees will review the findings of the email
investigation before a final decision is made: John P. Carlin, the assistant
attorney general for national security, and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates.
But both have also pledged to follow the recommendations of the career
prosecutors and the F.B.I., Ms. Newman said.

The F.B.I. is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the
coming weeks, though agents have yet to interview Mrs. Clinton. While some legal
experts said they believed that criminal indictments in the case were unlikely,
the investigation continues to cast a shadow over Mrs. Clinton's presidential
campaign.

Beyond the day-to-day workings of the Justice Department, there is precedent for
relying on career officials to make politically charged decisions. When the
Justice Department was considering whether to recommend sanctions against former
Bush administration lawyers who approved waterboarding, Mr. Holder relied on his
most senior career prosecutor to make the decision. No sanctions were
recommended.

For Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign, the incident in Phoenix resurrected
questions about how the campaign would rein in her irrepressible husband.

With approval ratings among Democrats of over 60 percent, Mr. Clinton is one of
his wife's most potent surrogates. He has traversed the country with a breakneck
schedule, campaigning and raising money for Mrs. Clinton, traveling with a
bare-bones staff and security detail.

Mr. Clinton and his chief of staff, Tina Flournoy, are in frequent contact with
John D. Podesta, chairman of the Clinton campaign, and Robby Mook, the campaign
manager. He often listens in on campaign conference calls from the family's home
in Chappaqua, N.Y. But his unpredictable and sociable nature can also cause
problems for his wife's candidacy.

David Axelrod, the former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said on Twitter that he
took Mr. Clinton and Ms. Lynch ''at their word'' that they had not discussed the
investigation, but added that it was ''foolish to create such optics.''

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/02/us/politics/loretta-lynch-hillary-clinton-emai
l-server.html

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at a conference at the Aspen
Institute in Colorado on Friday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JORDAN CURET/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
(A13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   August 23, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

Dumfries Town Manager Fired in Explosive Session; Vote Divides Council 4-3, Ends
Riley's Brief Tenure

Josh White, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PRINCE WILLIAM EXTRA; Pg. V01

LENGTH: 815 words


A bitterly split Dumfries Town Council ousted its town manager late Monday night
after a heated three-hour closed meeting, adding another political casualty to
the seemingly never-ending battle between the two factions at the town's helm.

Town Manager Mike Riley was fired in a 4 to 3 vote shortly before 10 p.m., and
council members did not offer any public comment about their decision, though a
few were visibly shaken by the decision. Afterward, some members criticized
Riley's handling of a few town contracts and a recent staffing situation, while
others praised Riley and accused fellow council members of back-stabbing.

Council member Fred E. Yohey Jr., who helped lead the effort to oust Riley, said
after the meeting that some of Riley's recent actions have been "inexcusable."
Yohey cited a pair of contracts that were signed without council approval,
questionable budgeting practices and the mishandling of a recent flooding
situation as major reasons for Riley's firing.

"It was over the series of events that have come to a head in the past six
months," Yohey said. "I have been totally against some of the actions that have
been taken. We want to progress rather than go into a downward spiral."

Mayor Chris Brown said he respects the democratic decision to fire Riley--though
he voted against the motion--adding that he believes Riley has done a good job
managing the town.

"The loss of Mike Riley will be a huge loss for our town," Brown said. "I think
he provided excellent services to the Town of Dumfries. He is hard-working and
dedicated, and will be a terrific asset in any organization he chooses to be
associated with."

Riley's dismissal came as yet another example of the seemingly inescapable
revolving door of Dumfries personnel: More than five town managers have been run
out of office over the last few years. The decision upset some on the council
because it came on the heels of a praise-filled evaluation of Riley just a few
months ago, in which he was lauded for his ability to get grant money for the
town and for raising area interest in the small town at the southeastern tip of
Prince William County.

The vote also came as the Virginia State Police and the FBI continue to look at
the town's business in a widespread criminal investigation that sources have
said is focusing on the handling of a few town contracts and the way town
officials have handled government grants for the police department. A group of
council members--squaring off against Brown and council members Claude C. Thomas
Jr. and Clyde N. Washington Jr.--pushed for an investigation amid allegations
that Riley was mishandling funds and entering into contracts without alerting
the council.

Riley, who was out of town taking his son to college, was not at Monday's
meeting.

The lengthy closed session on Monday included a number of booming outbursts from
council members, ired by what was characterized as a "political assassination."
The shouts, heard throughout Town Hall, centered on conflicting personalities,
sources said, and gave way to tense discussion about Riley's performance.

The four who voted for Riley's removal--Stephanie Bradley, Melvin Bray, N. Sue
Cornell and Yohey--have formed a tight alliance that appears capable of using
its slim majority to change the face of Dumfries governance over the next few
years. Brown said such influence is merely keeping with the tradition of
democratic decision-making, but other council members said it could signal
something far more dramatic.

"Four people are running the council, anyone can see that," said Thomas, who was
visibly upset by Monday's vote. "Four people on the council have their own
agenda, and they carried out their own agenda. It's democracy at its finest or
it's underhandedness at its worst."

Thomas said Riley has been a valuable town employee in his almost two years of
service and that he was "railroaded" out of his job. "Everything is that
one-sided," Thomas said of the council discussions, "and the citizens of
Dumfries are going to suffer as a result."

Washington was heard yelling during the closed meeting that "four votes are
already decided before we come in here. . . . What's the point of even
discussing this?" He stormed out of Town Hall after the vote.

Calling such comments "sour grapes," Bradley said Riley's dismissal is the
result of a long string of management problems that she feels were being largely
ignored. A newcomer to the council, Bradley said she "really lacked confidence"
that she was being given the correct information about town matters and that she
"pretty much had had enough of it."

"I hope we'll find someone who can get along with both sides of the coin here
and stay very unpolitical," Bradley said yesterday. "We need someone in there
who understands that they work for the entire council and not just a few
members."


LOAD-DATE: September 07, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         April 28, 1988, Thursday, ME2

Turner, staff left long trail of enemies

BYLINE: By Val Sears Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - John Turner is in the deepest trouble of his political career for a
classic reason: He made too many enemies.

And those he didn't make, his staff made for him. The Liberal

leader paid the price last night in a confrontation with his restless caucus.
But in the end Old Blue Eyes stared them down, eyeball to eyeball. And he will
stay on as leader - for now.

Three weeks ago, when Turner's parliamentary caucus learned how badly the
Liberal party was in debt, the extent of the leader's personal spending and the
low esteem he was held in by voters, the bruised, ignored and humiliated members
had no trouble deciding to try to get rid of him.

Nor did the conspiracy have difficulty recruiting his old enemies, such as David
Dingwall, the Nova Scotia MP who was Jean Chretien's leadership campaign manager
in that province, or Lucie Pepin, an unswerving Pierre Trudeau loyalist.

The plotting began in Quebec where Jean Lapierre, still smouldering from being
passed over as Quebec organizer, and Quebec caucus chairman Alfonso Gagliano,
who decided Turner could not win, were fed up with the Liberal leader.

And, in Toronto, MPs such as Charles Caccia, furious with Turner over Meech
Lake, were ready to join.

Go quietly

A two-paragraph form letter was devised simply demanding that Turner resign
because of his mishandling of finances, his Meech Lake stand and his inability
to win the election. It urged him to co-operate in organizing a leadership
convention.

Liberal Senator Pietro Rizzuto says he was persuaded to act as "messenger."

Rizzuto told Turner that the letter was being circulated, that about half the
caucus was prepared to sign and that if he would go quietly, the party's debts
would be paid and the party leader taken care of.

Turner told him to get lost.

Meanwhile, Chretien's people heard about the plot. Eddie Goldenberg, Chretien's
executive assistant in government, called Ron Irwin, a former Liberal MP and
Chretien loyalist from Sault Ste. Marie, to discuss their response.

"We decided to stay as far away from it as possible," Irwin says.

When Goldenberg told Chretien, the outstanding Turner rival was stunned. "He
couldn't believe it," Goldenberg said.

And that may very well be true.

Start packing

The conspirators decided that rather than sign one petition, they would each
sign a separate copy, to make it, as one said, "man to man."

When Turner heard early this week how large the conspiracy had become, he was
shaken. He felt he had two choices at the caucus yesterday: Get tough and fire
the most militant plotters - Lapierre, Caccia and Dingwall - or try to patch
things up. If he fired a few from the caucus, he risked the whole bunch walking
out and he could start packing to leave Stornoway, his official residence,
because he would no longer lead the official Opposition.

On the other hand, last August when he faced a similar caucus revolt over his
failure to revive the party, he smoothed things over on the surface only to find
they were still boiling underneath.

At the morning caucus, the plotters and the Turner loyalists divided neatly and
battled viciously. There were attacks on Turner for his mishandling of finances,
particularly overspending in the Ottawa office as well as his personal spending
of party money on a Toronto apartment, essentially for his wife, Geills.

Tried to mediate

As well, the plotters attacked his "winnability," insisting the party would lose
the election if he continued as leader.

His defenders, Sheila Copps, Jean-Robert Gauthier and particularly Lloyd
Axworthy, fought back just as determinedly.

By the end of the morning session, with about 10 attackers and fewer defenders,
there was no give on either side.

The principal sore points, in order, were finances, winnability, lack of
communication and Meech Lake, one source said.

Turner was hit hard. He said he had heard things he had never heard before. His
chief aide, Peter Connolly, members said, never seemed to be around except to
conspire. Lapierre insisted that he had been lied to, having been promised the
organizer's job only to find Connolly had come up with someone else.

Over and over the plotters said there was a lack of liaison between the caucus
and the leader's office. Copps tried to mediate but by the time the caucus broke
up for the House of Commons session, there seemed no middle ground.

Could call election

Turner had to face question period with his mind in turmoil. But he managed.

So far, no one had produced a letter for him to see and while the plot was clear
enough, there was little evidence on paper.

He had some significant cards to play: Liberal premiers including Frank McKenna
and David Peterson had lined up on his side. So had the Liberal party provincial
presidents.

And the party knew that if Turner were forced out, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney
could call an election immediately, catching the Liberals leaderless and
divided.

Turner's staff say Liberal party leaders, including Mike Pearson, faced down
caucus revolts before and Turner will do so this time.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    April 28, 1988, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Turner, staff left long trail of enemies

BYLINE: By Val Sears Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 775 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - John Turner is in the deepest trouble of his political career for a
classic reason: He made too many enemies.

And those he didn't make, his staff made for him. The Liberal

leader paid the price last night in a confrontation with his restless caucus.
But in the end Old Blue Eyes stared them down, eyeball to eyeball. And he will
stay on as leader - for now.

Three weeks ago, when Turner's parliamentary caucus learned how badly the
Liberal party was in debt, the extent of the leader's personal spending and the
low esteem he was held in by voters, the bruised, ignored and humiliated members
had no trouble deciding to try to get rid of him.

Nor did the conspiracy have difficulty recruiting his old enemies, such as David
Dingwall, the Nova Scotia MP who was Jean Chretien's leadership campaign manager
in that province, or Lucie Pepin, an unswerving Pierre Trudeau loyalist.

The plotting began in Quebec where Jean Lapierre, still smouldering from being
passed over as Quebec organizer, and Quebec caucus chairman Alfonso Gagliano,
who decided Turner could not win, were fed upwith the Liberal leader.

And, in Toronto, MPs such as Charles Caccia, furious with Turner over Meech
Lake, were ready to join.

Go quietly

A two-paragraph form letter was devised simply demanding that Turner resign
because of his mishandling of finances, his Meech Lake stand and his inability
to win the election. It urged him to co-operate in organizing a leadership
convention.

Liberal Senator Pietro Rizzuto says he was persuaded to act as "messenger."

Rizzuto told Turner that the letter was being circulated, that about half the
caucus was prepared to sign and that if he would go quietly, the party's debts
would be paid and the party leader taken care of.

Turner told him to get lost.

Meanwhile, Chretien's people heard about the plot. Eddie Goldenberg, Chretien's
executive assistant in government, called Ron Irwin, a former Liberal MP and
Chretien loyalist from Sault Ste. Marie, to discuss their response.

"We decided to stay as far away from it as possible," Irwin says.

When Goldenberg told Chretien, the outstanding Turner rival was stunned. "He
couldn't believe it," Goldenberg said.

And that may very well be true.

Start packing

The conspirators decided that rather than sign one petition, they would each
sign a separate copy, to make it, as one said, "man to man."

When Turner heard early this week how large the conspiracy had become, he was
shaken. He felt he had two choices at the caucus yesterday: Get tough and fire
the most militant plotters - Lapierre, Caccia and Dingwall - or try to patch
things up. If he fired a few from the caucus, he risked the whole bunch walking
out and he could start packing to leave Stornoway, his official residence,
because he would no longer lead the official Opposition.

On the other hand, last August when he faced a similar caucus revolt over his
failure to revive the party, he smoothed things over on the surface only to find
they were still boiling underneath.

At the morning caucus, the plotters and the Turner loyalists divided neatly and
battled viciously. There were attacks on Turner for his mishandling of finances,
particularly overspending in the Ottawa office as well as his personal spending
of party money on a Toronto apartment, essentially for his wife, Geills.

Tried to mediate

As well, the plotters attacked his "winnability," insisting the party would lose
the election if he continued as leader.

His defenders, Sheila Copps, Jean-Robert Gauthier and particularly Lloyd
Axworthy, fought back just as determinedly.

By the end of the morning session, with about 10 attackers and fewer defenders,
there was no give on either side.

The principal sore points, in order, were finances, winnability, lack of
communication and Meech Lake, one source said.

Turner was hit hard. He said he had heard things he had never heard before. His
chief aide, Peter Connolly, members said, never seemed to be around except to
conspire. Lapierre insisted that he had been lied to, having been promised the
organizer's job only to find Connolly had come up with someone else.

Over and over the plotters said there was a lack of liaison between the caucus
and the leader's office. Copps tried to mediate but by the time the caucus broke
up for the House of Commons session, there seemed no middle ground.

Could call election

Turner had to face question period with his mind in turmoil. But he managed.

So far, no one had produced a letter for him to see and while the plot was clear
enough, there was little evidence on paper.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday

Reyes seeks inquiry of embattled Aliviane CEO

BYLINE: by Marty Schladen / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1134 words


U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes on Friday called on several government agencies --
including the FBI -- to investigate a local behavorial-health agency whose CEO
is connected to a company that is a target of a public corruption inquiry.

Reyes said he wanted the FBI, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
and local governments to look into contracts involving Aliviane Inc. and its
CEO, Cirilo "Chilo" Madrid.

Several local elected officials said Reyes' demand for an investigation of
Aliviane and Madrid is late.

Reyes' push for the investigation comes after revelations this week that Madrid
in 2006 and 2007 made $100,000 from a federal grant intended to help emotionally
disturbed children. In return, Madrid produced a 20-page report, passages of
which were plagiarized from the Internet, Madrid said in a sworn deposition
taken last year.

Madrid was given the work by a subordinate at Aliviane as part of a contract to
LKG Enterprises Inc., which is the object of an FBI investigation.

Madrid also said in last year's deposition that he holds a Ph.D. from Hamilton
University, a defunct institution that the federal government and an educational
expert have called a diploma mill.

Madrid said on Friday that he could not comment on the issues.

"Since this case is under litigation, I really can't answer any questions until
the process is completed," he said in a phone message.

Reyes, D-Texas, and other political figures have ties to Madrid and his agency,
which receives most of its $8 million annual budget from government grants for
substance-abuse treatment and other behavioral-health work.

Reyes has secured at least one earmark for Aliviane and announced millions more
in federal grants to the agency, and one of his staffers went from being vice
president of the Aliviane board in 2007 to going to work for the organization in
2009. Reyes also has received more than $5,000 in campaign contributions from
Madrid over the years.

On Friday, Reyes said he would donate Madrid's contributions to charity and
called for all of Madrid's dealings with taxpayer money to be investigated.

"Given the concerns being raised, any mishandling of public funds must be
investigated and any wrongdoing should be prosecuted to the full extent of the
law," Reyes said in a statement. "In regards to misuse of public funds in the
past, present and future, my office has contacted the FBI, U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, El Paso County Judge Veronica Escobar, state Rep.
Marisa Marquez and Mayor John Cook so we can work together to ensure that public
funds are handled correctly."

FBI officials on Friday said they couldn't comment on any ongoing investigation.

The contract the FBI is investigating involves LKG, a company owned by Ruben
"Sonny" Garcia, who used to work with Madrid at Aliviane. The company was given
more than $600,000 in 2006 and 2007 from a $9.3 million federal grant awarded to
El Paso County in 2002.

LKG was contracted to gather information to be used in evaluating the Children's
Mental Health Collaborative, which offered services to disturbed children.

The county is suing LKG, alleging the company produced nothing of use to the
collaborative.

Reyes on Friday offered to help investigate how the grant, from the Federal
Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, was handled.

"My office has contacted El Paso County Judge Veronica Escobar's staff to offer
assistance to the county as they move forward to address any shortcomings
related to the vetting process attributed to the alleged mishandling and abuse
of taxpayer funds," he said.

County Commissioner Anna Perez said Reyes' involvement into the LKG probe is
considerably late. Perez was assistant county attorney at the time the LKG
contract was awarded and helped prepare the lawsuit against the company.

"The Congressman's offer to assist now is rather untimely," Perez said in an
email. "The county as well as the federal investigators have been working on
this matter for nearly six years. It has also been in very public discussions
and (the) public record. Mr. Madrid himself stood in commissioners court to
defend the manner in which the grant money was being used.

"I am unclear why the congressman did not initiate some assistancecbefore now
and before Aliviane received even more federal grant money at the helm of Mr.
Madrid. I do not want the community to think that the county had not moved
aggressively to recover $600,000 that was misused by LKG and its
subcontractors."

Madrid was a member of the governing board of the Border Children's Mental
Health Collaborative, and in 2007, he spoke before the Commissioners Court on
behalf of LKG. But the fact he was being paid by LKG does not appear to have
been widely known at the time.

Reyes said he didn't know until this week.

"I was not aware Cirilo 'Chilo' Madrid was connected to LKG until a story was
recently published in the El Paso Times shedding light on this issue," he said.

Reyes' staff said the congressman didn't become involved in the LKG controversy
because it concerned a grant in which Reyes had no role.

Santiago Batres, president of the Aliviane board, said this week that the agency
would hold an emergency meeting to discuss revelations about Madrid's doctoral
degree and his involvement in the contract the FBI is investigating, but he
would not say when or where the meeting would be held. Batres said he was not
concerned about Madrid's academic credential and he said he was confident that
Aliviane's dealings would stand up to scrutiny.

Escobar said some of the agency's dealings have already failed to meet scrutiny.

As an example, Escobar mention that in December 2007, the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development found that a commissioner for the El Paso Housing
Authority improperly tried to steer a contract to Aliviane. The same
commissioner admitted that he became a paid consultant for an agency controlled
by Madrid at the same time the Housing Authority contract was awarded to
Aliviane, HUD wrote to Mayor Cook in 2007.

"At a minimum, this action creates at least the appearance of a conflict of
interest," the HUD letter said.

Escobar said the issue was hardly a secret.

"It was very public," she said. "We've been raising the alarm for quite some
time."

Escobar also said that problems with the LKG contract were public in 2006 and
that no one took action.

She tried to cut ties with LKG almost from the time she joined the County
Commissioners Court in 2007. Last week she said that anyone who received money
from the LKG contract probably defrauded the taxpayers. Escobar and Commissioner
Dan Haggerty voted to kill the contract, but they were outvoted by then County
Judge Anthony Cobos and Commissioners Miguel Terán and Luis Saricana.

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 546-6127.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             June 2, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Deceased brokers' clients hope to settle

BYLINE: THOMAS S. BROWN - BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 902  words


Ten local retirees have been waiting three years for Ameriprise Financial to
settle their claims against Kevin and Belinda Henderson, the Palm Coast
investment brokers who died in a murder-suicide last July.

The retirees contend the Hendersons talked them into investments that were far
too risky for people their age. Next week, eight of them get the opportunity to
submit their cases to a two-day mediation session at a Daytona Beach hotel. Two
others will have their case heard in an Orlando session the following week.

The mediation represents Ameriprise's first effort to settle as a group some of
the 18 complaints that have been filed against the Hendersons since 2002. The
Hendersons and their 11-year-old daughter Corie died last July 22 in a triple
strangulation that authorities have blamed on Kevin Henderson, 42. By that
point, both Hendersons had resigned from Ameriprise and the company had settled
nine complaints for more than $350,000, but other cases were still pending.

Alan Foxman, a Boca Raton lawyer representing eight people with pending claims,
said the mediation is long overdue for elderly clients.

One of my clients was 82 years old and died two weeks ago, but his widow is
still part of the case," Foxman said. "Another has cancer, and another has
memory problems. In cases like these, justice delayed is truly justice denied."

Ameriprise spokesman Ben Pratt denied there has been any foot- dragging.

We're working to resolve these matters," he said. He refused to disclose any
dollar amounts that will be on the table.

Foxman declined to identify the individuals whose complaints will be presented
Wednesday and Thursday in confidential talks conducted by Miami attorney David
Lichter.

However, he said, they all live in Palm Coast and their cases resemble that of
William and Gail Pate, an Ormond Beach couple who filed public complaints
against the Hendersons in 2004.

All of the dissatisfied investors had accounts with American Express Financial
Advisors, the Minneapolis company that employed the Hendersons before it was
spun off as Ameriprise Financial.

And all received hard-sell pitches from Kevin Henderson during the late 1990s
when the stock market was doing well, Foxman said.

Several were encouraged to be daring with their money.

One couple was retiring to Florida and wanted to pay cash for their house, but
Henderson told them to get a mortgage and use their cash for investments,"
Foxman said. "Henderson told them the investments would generate more than
enough to pay the mortgage, but that turned out not to be the case."

Another couple was urged to take out a home equity loan and use the money for
investments, he said. About 90 percent of the money was lost when their
high-tech mutual funds plunged in value.

Such recommendations amount to a violation of suitability rules in the
securities industry, Foxman said.

Older clients with limited means aren't supposed to be encouraged to borrow
money to invest, he said.

Another alleged abuse involved mutual fund "switching." Foxman said the
Hendersons moved clients from "Class A" shares of a mutual fund to "Class C"
shares of the same fund.

The maneuver forced clients to pay double sales charges on the same investment.

Some clients also allege they weren't told the pricey variable annuities they
bought from Kevin Henderson could decline sharply in value.

Foxman credited other Ameriprise brokers in the Volusia-Flagler area for trying
to undo the damage caused by the Hendersons.

But some clients simply don't have much money left, he said.

The Pates' case is scheduled for a separate mediation session June 15 in
Orlando.

The Pates, who also mortgaged and refinanced their home at Kevin Henderson's
behest, lost at least $118,000 due to mishandling of their accounts, said Joseph
Meyer, an investment adviser representing the couple. He said that figure is
based on a forensic accountant's analysis of Ameriprise's confusing statements .

These statements are very difficult to understand," Meyer said. "Ameriprise
itself is having trouble figuring out its own statements."

Ameriprise offered the Pates $24,587 to settle in 2005, but they declined it.

If mediation talks fail, the clients can request mandatory arbitration overseen
by the National Association of Securities Dealers.

Both Foxman and Meyer said they are optimistic Ameriprise will offer substantial
settlements during the mediation, rather than risk punitive damages that could
result from third-party arbitration.

What Happened

Investors hope Ameriprise will agree to reimburse them $1.2 million, their
combined losses over the 1998-2003 period when either Kevin or Belinda Henderson
was their stockbroker.

The Hendersons and their 11-year-old daughter Corie died July 22 in a triple
strangulation that authorities have blamed on Kevin Henderson, 42. By that
point, both Hendersons had resigned from Ameriprise and the company had settled
nine complaints for more than $350,000, but other cases were still pending.

Filing a Complaint

The National Association of Securities Dealers polices thousands of stock
brokerages and their registered representatives.*To file a complaint, go to
www.nasd.com, call (800) 289-9999 or write to NASD Investor Complaint Center,
1735 K St. NW, Washington, D.C., 2006.*Complaints about Florida-based investment
professionals who are not registered with NASD should be directed to the Florida
Office of Financial Regulation, (850) 410-9805.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: From left, William and Gail Pate talk with mediator
Joseph Meyer in the Pates' kitchen at their home in Ormond Beach. Meyer said the
Pates, who mortgaged and refinanced their home at Kevin Henderson's behest, lost
at least $118,000 due to mishandling of their accounts. News-Journal file/ PAM
LOCKEBYPhoto 2: Alan Foxman represents eight people with claims against Kevin
and Belinda Henderson.

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2007 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2007 News-Journal Corporation


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Heinrich Demands Answers On Trump Administration's Handling Of
Classified Information

LENGTH: 1153  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.), a member of the Senate Armed Services
and Intelligence Committees, is calling into question the manner in which the
Trump Administration has been accessing and handling sensitive and classified
information.





 "We've seen a pattern of carelessness and lack of accountability from this
administration that puts our national security and America's standing in the
world at risk," said Heinrich. "General Flynn's resignation is only the latest
in a series of serious mishandlings of national security matters by the Trump
Administration. The American people deserve answers to how their government is
protecting them and handling sensitive national security information."



 In a letter sent to the Acting Director of National Intelligence today,
Heinrich asked for answers to a number of questions regarding the process used
to grant access to classified information for staff of the Executive Offices of
the President, including the National Security Council and the Office of the
Vice President.



 "The safety and security of the United States and the lives of our citizens
depend on the responsible handling of sensitive information," wrote Heinrich in
the letter. "The policy of the United States Government has long been to
restrict access to sensitive information to only those for whom access is truly
necessary, and only so long as they are thoroughly vetted and have been
determined to meet strict eligibility requirements. At the very least, these
recent events have called into question whether the White House is taking
adequate steps to protect classified information and to determine the
suitability and eligibility of staff with access to sensitive national security
information."



 The full text of Heinrich's letter is below and available here.



 February 14, 2017



 Mr. Mike Dempsey



 Acting Director



 Office of the Director of National Intelligence



 Washington, DC 20511



 Dear Mr. Dempsey:



             I write today to request details concerning a number of incidents
that have called into question the manner in which President Trump and White
House staff have been accessing and handling sensitive and classified
information.



 On February 13th, Lt. General Michael Flynn resigned from his position as
President Trump's National Security Advisor after it was revealed that he may
have illegally discussed the status of the United States sanctions on Russia
with that country's ambassador, and then subsequently lied about it, including
to Vice President Pence. Before his resignation, there were concerns related to
Lt. General Flynn's history of mishandling classified information, including
having been found to have inappropriately shared classified material with
foreign military officers and, reportedly, secretly installing a forbidden
internet connection in his Pentagon office.



 On February 11th, President Trump coordinated his initial response to North
Korea ballistic missile tests in an unsecure location at his Mar-a-Lago resort,
including the review of potentially classified information. A guest at
Mar-a-Lago reportedly took photographs of this conduct and a military aide to
the President who he claimed transported the President's nuclear "football,"
later posting these photos on his personal Facebook page.



 On February 8th, President Trump hosted a press conference in the Oval Office
with non-cleared individuals, including members of the press and a U.S.
corporation, while leaving on his desk, in plain sight, a lockbag used to
transport classified information with the key still inside it.



 As the acting Director of National Intelligence, you serve as the Security
Executive Agent of the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance
Accountability Council, with responsibilities including the "oversight of
investigations and determinations of eligibility for access to classified
information."  Accordingly, it is your responsibility to ensure that national
security is protected in all access determinations.



 The safety and security of the United States and the lives of our citizens
depend on the responsible handling of sensitive information.  The policy of the
United States Government has long been to restrict access to sensitive
information to only those for whom access is truly necessary, and only so long
as they are thoroughly vetted and have been determined to meet strict
eligibility requirements. At the very least, these recent events have called
into question whether the White House is taking adequate steps to protect
classified information and to determine the suitability and eligibility of staff
with access to sensitive national security information.



 For these reasons, I request the following information regarding the process
used to grant access to classified information for staff of the Executive
Offices of the President, including the National Security Council (NSC) and the
Office of the Vice President:



     The number of individuals that have been screened for their eligibility to
access classified or controlled access information, and the number that have
been determined ineligible;

     Whether President Trump, you, or any of your designees have granted any
waivers or exceptions that would allow individuals who have otherwise not been
determined eligible (for instance being determined ineligible or not receiving a
determination) for a security clearance to access classified or controlled
access information;

     The number of individuals in the Executive Office of the President who have
been granted access to classified or controlled access information and have
subsequently had their access subject to review, suspension or revocation;

     The details of the policies and procedures that are in place to ensure that
classified or controlled access information that is accessed by White House or
NSC staff is not inappropriately shared with other staff or individuals that
have not been granted access or with non-White House or NSC staff outside of
official government sites, such as the President's multiple private residences;

     With regards to Lt. General Flynn please provide the following details: the
dates of his most recent security clearance investigation, the date of his last
polygraph screening, the agency that conducted the investigation, the agency
that adjudicated and approved his clearance, and whether or not the
investigation uncovered derogatory information with respect to his contact with
foreign nations of concern or their agents, including Russia.



 Please submit your responses in writing by February 28, 2017.  If you have any
questions about this request, please contact Virgilio Barrera at 202-224-5521.
Thank you for your attention to this matter.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            November 15, 2009 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Once a rogue, always a rogue; Sarah Palin's new book is stirring up controversy
even before it hits the shelves on Tuesday. As Americans brace for a
publicity-heavy week of all Palin all the time, Sheldon Alberts takes a look at
how far the polarizing Republican has come -- and how far she has yet to go.

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 983  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The second coming of Sarah Palin is at hand, and an anxious nation awaits her
return.

Or at least parts of it, anyway.

America's most scrutinized, scorned and adored conservative will make her grand
re-entrance on the national stage this week with the release of a tell-all
memoir that chronicles her rise to -- and fall from -- the highest ranks of U.S.
electoral politics.

The requisite interview with Oprah is already in the can, set for broadcast
Monday.

ABC News' Barbara Walters begins a five-part Palin series on Tuesday, the
official publication date for Going Rogue: An American Life.

But thereafter Palin is shunning the bright lights and big cities for a long
publicity trek through the heartland of what she described as "the real America"
during the 2008 presidential campaign.

New York City? Forget about it. Palin intends to attract the faithful to big-box
bookstores from Fort Wayne, Indiana, to Grand Rapids, Michigan, to Birmingham,
Alabama.

On her Facebook page, the communications vessel from which all things Sarah have
emanated lately, Palin wrote simply that she wanted "to stop in cities that are
not usually included in a typical book tour."

Still, no one should conclude that Palin, in taking the road less travelled to
plug her book, is actually trying to avoid the spotlight.

Even as she reinforces her image as a convention-defying maverick, her
appearances in battleground states Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Iowa, Florida
and North Carolina have strategic value for anyone nursing White House
ambitions.

"If she decides to run in 2012, I think we are going to see something that is
going to shock many people," says Adrienne Ross, an English teacher from Hudson,
New York, and a blogger with Conservatives4Palin.com.

"There are a few people out there who think she couldn't possibly win. There are
people who don't even know the support she has. I think they are living under a
rock."

Ross, like everyone else, can only guess at whether Palin is laying the
groundwork for a political comeback, or simply seeking to cash in on her 2008
fame.

(She received a reported $1.25 million U.S. advance for her autobiography and
commands a speaking fee of between $100,000 and $250,000.)

But the conventional wisdom following her surprise July resignation as Alaska's
governor -- that she was likely to drift into irrelevance -- has already been
turned on its head.

Whether Americans love her or loathe her -- and there are plenty in each camp --
Palin has had an impact on U.S. politics that far outstrips her standing as the
ex-governor of the nation's least populous state.

Her allegation in August that the Democrats' health-care bill would create
bureaucratic death panels, for instance, was the spark that lit up dozens of
angry town hall meetings across the country.

The claim was false, but Palin's proclamation shaped the broader debate over
government's role in health care and put Democrats on the defensive.

Her endorsement this month of a rebel conservative candidate -- over a moderate
Republican -- in an obscure New York State congressional race almost
single-handedly raised the election to national prominence.

By so publicly bucking the Republican leadership, Palin earned even more favour
with the party's most motivated and organized segment -- its rural, Christian,
conservative base.

What is encouraging for Palin supporters, and disturbing to her critics, is that
she wielded such influence from a distance. Who needs appearances on
Washington's Sunday political talk shows when penning a few short sentences on
Facebook will get you on the front page?

All the attention paid to Palin is starting to grate on other potential 2012
Republican candidates.

"I'm glad she's getting the props -- I know I'm not nearly as attractive,"
former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee groused recently.

Now Republicans are bracing for Palin's memoir, which reportedly blames members
of John McCain's staff for mishandling her during the 2008 campaign.

The book's Going Rogue title refers to derogatory remark a McCain staffer made
about her during the final, difficult days before the Nov. 4 election.

To many establishment Republicans, Palin is more curse than blessing. Not only
do GOP insiders question her intellect, they recoil at the soap opera that her
personal life has become.

Whether she's waging war with David Letterman or fending off accusations from
Levi Johnston -- the Playgirl-posing father of her grandson -- Palin has become
a staple of tabloid TV.

An October Gallup poll showed Palin with 69-per-cent approval among Republicans,
but just 40-per-cent support among the broader electorate.

"Were she to be the nominee (in 2012), we could have a catastrophic election
result," Steve Schmidt, McCain's former campaign manager, said last month.

Democrats seem to revel in the prospect.

David Plouffe, Barack Obama's former campaign manager, recently described Palin
as the "pied piper" of the GOP, leading a shrinking rump of right-wing
Republicans.

"I think she'll be most helpful to the Democratic Party with a high profile. I
hope her book tour lasts two years," Plouffe told the San Francisco Chronicle.

To which Palin's supporters say, be careful what you wish for.

"If they didn't view her as a threat, they wouldn't spend so much time on her,"
says Adrienne Ross, the pro-Palin blogger.

"There is a fear because she has energized the Republican party and gotten
people fired up. ... That fear leads people to attack."

Ross first met Palin last June in New York and travelled a month later to
Wasilla, Alaska, where she marched in a 4th of July parade with the former
governor's family.

"I truly believe when she talks about governing with a servant's heart, that's
exactly where she is coming from," says Ross, who will attend a Nov. 21 Palin
book signing in Rochester, New York.

"People are excited that we finally get the opportunity to hear her tell her
story, without the (media) filter."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Robyn Beck, AFP ; Getty Images; Republicans are bracing for the
release of Sarah Palin's tell-all memoir, Going Rogue: An American Life, which
reportedly blames members of John McCain's staff for mishandling her during the
2008 presidential campaign. This week, Palin embarks on a big promotional tour
in 'real America.' ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

                            January 6, 2006, Friday

Alton mortuary target of new probe

BYLINE: By Sanford J. Schmidt

LENGTH: 535 words



State officials are looking into a missing $ 3,500 paid to Williams Mortuary in
Alton for "pre-need" funeral arrangements and are urging others who might have
concerns about their money to contact the Illinois Comptroller's Office. The
missing money came to light after a client arranged a funeral in advance at the
mortuary, then changed her mind but was unable to contact the owner, Roy
Williams, to get the money back.

"She had reconsidered and had asked for her money back, but she doesn't get a
response from Mr. Williams," said Carol Knowles, spokeswoman for the
Comptroller's Office.

The Comptroller's Office, which has oversight of trust funds set up for pre-need
funerals, found no record of that person's money being added to the fund,
Knowles said.

That, plus the fact that the mortuary already was under investigation for
alleged mishandling of a body, prompted the latest investigation, Knowles said.

So far, her office has not been able to contact Williams to arrange an audit,
prompting further concern, she said.

"We have no record of that $ 3,500 being paid into the trust fund. We don't know
if there are more similar cases out there," Knowles said. "If people have a
concern, they should look into it."

She urged anyone with a concern to contact her office at (877) 203-3401.

She said records at the Comptroller's Office show a balance in the Williams
Mortuary trust fund at $ 20,500. That fund is protected by state law, but state
officials do not whether other money was received by Williams but not placed
into the trust fund.

Knowles said that since her office was contacted, officials have had no success
contacting Williams.

"We have not been able to get into the facility to do an audit. We have
attempted to communicate with the owner by phone, mail and in person. We don't
know what the situation is," she said.

Attempts by The Telegraph to contact Williams also were unsuccessful.

The Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation, the Alton
Police Department and the Madison County State's Attorney's Office are
investigating a case reported in October in which a family complained that
Williams failed to care for the body of a deceased loved one.

Relatives of Lloyd "Kenny" White said they were shocked to open a casket lid and
see White's body naked under a bloody hospital sheet. White had died in a St.
Louis hospital after undergoing surgery for an illness.

White was wearing a hat that his widow, Helen White, had bought him but not the
new suit, shirt and tie she had purchased for his burial, she said.

She said Williams had insisted on a closed casket funeral and drove off with the
body shortly after the family discovered the mishandling. Police later obtained
a search warrant to get into the building and recover the body.



-----

To see more of The Telegraph or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetelegraph.com/.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: AI-MORTUARY-PROBE-20060106

JOURNAL-CODE: AI

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2006 The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                         July 1, 2016 Friday 00:00 EST

Loretta Lynch to Accept F.B.I. Recommendations in Clinton Email Inquiry

BYLINE: MARK LANDLER, MATT APUZZO and AMY CHOZICK

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 1374 words



HIGHLIGHT: The move by Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch would eliminate the
possibility that a political appointee would overrule investigators.


WASHINGTON - Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, conceding that her airport
meeting with former President Bill Clinton this week had cast a shadow over the
federal investigation of Hillary Clinton's personal email account, said Friday
that she would accept whatever recommendations career prosecutors and the F.B.I.
director made about whether to bring charges in the case.

Ms. Lynch said she had decided this spring to defer to the recommendations of
her staff and the F.B.I. because her status as a political appointee sitting in
judgment on a politically charged case would raise questions of a conflict of
interest. But the meeting with Mr. Clinton, she acknowledged, had deepened those
questions, and she said she now felt compelled to explain publicly her reasoning
to try to put the concerns to rest.

"People have a whole host of reasons to have questions about how we in
government do our business," Ms. Lynch said at an Aspen Institute conference in
Colorado. "My meeting on the plane with former President Clinton could give them
another reason to have questions and concerns."

Though she insisted the 30-minute conversation was a purely social encounter,
Ms. Lynch said, "I certainly wouldn't do it again."

The attorney general's response did little to quell a political tempest in
Washington, with some Republicans calling for her to recuse herself from the
case - a step she said she was not going to take. Donald J. Trump, the
presumptive Republican nominee, said the meeting had "opened up a Pandora's
box." He cast doubt on whether it was entirely social, citing it as an example
of how "the special interests are controlling your government."

For Democrats, already anxious about the political impact of the email
investigation, the incident revived fears that Mr. Clinton could become a rogue
actor in a campaign that has so far operated more smoothly than Mrs. Clinton's
presidential bid in 2008.

Mr. Clinton, who was on a seven-state fund-raising swing for his wife, strode
across the tarmac at the airport in Phoenix to greet Ms. Lynch after her plane
landed there on Monday night. The attorney general joked that she should have
acted more swiftly to keep him from boarding. Asked by a journalist to name one
thing she wished her predecessor, Eric H. Holder Jr., had told her about her
job, she replied, "Where the lock on the plane door was."

Still, Ms. Lynch said the episode was personally distressing because it stained
the reputation of the Justice Department. "The fact that the meeting that I had
is now casting a shadow over how people are going to view that work is something
that I take seriously, and deeply and painfully," she said.

Even Ms. Lynch's explanation of how she planned to distance herself from the
case - without recusing herself - required further clarification. "The case will
be resolved by the team that's been working on it from the beginning," she said
in Aspen. But a Justice Department spokeswoman, Melanie Newman, noted afterward
that even if Ms. Lynch accepted the recommendation of her staff, she would be
the one making the decision.

"She's the head of the department," Ms. Newman said, "and with that comes
ultimate responsibility for any decision."

The White House declined to comment on Ms. Lynch's decision. President Obama
"believes that this matter should be handled without regard to politics," the
press secretary, Josh Earnest, said.

The F.B.I. is investigating whether Mrs. Clinton, her aides or anyone else broke
the law by setting up a private email server for her to use as secretary of
state. Internal investigators have concluded that the server was used to send
classified information. For the Justice Department, the central question is
whether the conduct met the legal standard for the crime of mishandling
classified information.

Ms. Lynch, whom Mr. Clinton appointed to be a United States attorney in 1999,
said that the meeting with the former president was unplanned and largely
social, and did not touch on the email investigation.

"He said hello and we basically said hello, and congratulated him on his
grandchildren, as people do," said Ms. Lynch, who was traveling with her
husband. "That led to a conversation about those grandchildren."

For Mr. Clinton, who travels frequently by private jet, such airport socializing
is common. Last month, he ran into Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah,
after speaking at the funeral of Muhammad Ali in Louisville, Ky. The two chatted
before their planes took off. He has also greeted Representative Paul D. Ryan,
the House speaker, and Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former Republican governor of
California, on the tarmac. And in Mobile, Ala., he chatted with Senator Ted
Cruz, the Texas Republican who has called for Mrs. Clinton's imprisonment.

This meeting, however, created a particularly awkward situation for Ms. Lynch, a
veteran prosecutor who was nominated from outside Washington's political
circles. During her confirmation, her allies sought to contrast her with her
predecessor, Mr. Holder, an outspoken liberal voice who clashed frequently with
Republicans who accused him of politicizing the office.

Ms. Lynch's reassurance that she will not overrule her investigators is
significant. When the F.B.I. sought to bring felony charges against David H.
Petraeus, the former C.I.A. director, for mishandling classified information and
lying about it, Mr. Holder stepped in and reduced the charge to a misdemeanor.
That decision opened a deep - and public - rift.

Two other political appointees will review the findings of the email
investigation before a final decision is made: John P. Carlin, the assistant
attorney general for national security, and Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates.
But both have also pledged to follow the recommendations of the career
prosecutors and the F.B.I., Ms. Newman said.

The F.B.I. is expected to make a recommendation to the Justice Department in the
coming weeks, though agents have yet to interview Mrs. Clinton. While some legal
experts said they believed that criminal indictments in the case were unlikely,
the investigation continues to cast a shadow over Mrs. Clinton's presidential
campaign.

Beyond the day-to-day workings of the Justice Department, there is precedent for
relying on career officials to make politically charged decisions. When the
Justice Department was considering whether to recommend sanctions against former
Bush administration lawyers who approved waterboarding, Mr. Holder relied on his
most senior career prosecutor to make the decision. No sanctions were
recommended.

For Mrs. Clinton's presidential campaign, the incident in Phoenix resurrected
questions about how the campaign would rein in her irrepressible husband.

With approval ratings among Democrats of over 60 percent, Mr. Clinton is one of
his wife's most potent surrogates. He has traversed the country with a breakneck
schedule, campaigning and raising money for Mrs. Clinton, traveling with a
bare-bones staff and security detail.

Mr. Clinton and his chief of staff, Tina Flournoy, are in frequent contact with
John D. Podesta, chairman of the Clinton campaign, and Robby Mook, the campaign
manager. He often listens in on campaign conference calls from the family's home
in Chappaqua, N.Y. But his unpredictable and sociable nature can also cause
problems for his wife's candidacy.

David Axelrod, the former senior adviser to Mr. Obama, said on Twitter that he
took Mr. Clinton and Ms. Lynch "at their word" that they had not discussed the
investigation, but added that it was "foolish to create such optics."

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.

Follow Mark Landler and Matt Apuzzo on Twitter. Mark Landler and Matt Apuzzo
reported from Washington, and Amy Chozick from New York. Chad Abraham
contributed reporting from Aspen, Colo.

PHOTO: Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch at a conference at the Aspen Institute
in Colorado on Friday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JORDAN CURET/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A13)

Related Articles


     ·    Bill Clinton's Meeting With Loretta Lynch Causes Stir in Both Parties
     ·    Meeting Between Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch Provokes Political
          Furor
     ·    Huma Abedin Says Clinton's Email Server Caused Frustration


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 24, 2006 Friday

Making sure your bag arrives, too;
THE INTERNATIONAL TRAVELER

BYLINE: Roger Collis

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 962 words


As Benjamin Franklin might have said, ''In this world nothing can be certain
except death and taxes, or having your baggage lost, stolen or mishandled.'' You
never know when the law of averages will catch up with you and leave you
standing alone as somebody else grabs the last piece of baggage from the
carousel.

Which is why veteran road warriors are ''light travelers'' who have learned
never to check bags. But sometimes it's unavoidable.

Unfortunately, you may have a better chance of seeing your bags when you arrive
than of receiving that proverbial ''check in the mail.''

This should be no surprise, according to a new survey by SITA, a leading
provider of communications systems to the air transport industry. It found that
the problem of mishandled and lost baggage was worsening on both sides of the
Atlantic due to airport congestion, tight turnaround times, more
''interlining,'' tougher security, and mounting numbers of passengers and bags.

''In 2005, the industry lost in the region of $2.5 million on mishandled baggage
when you take into account costs involved in reuniting the delayed baggage with
its owner, which happily, is the case in more than 99 percent of the time,''
says Francesco Violante, SITA's managing director in Geneva. ''This year we'll
reach the two billion passenger landmark which, on current trends, will
translate into 30 million pieces of mishandled baggage this year, of which
204,000 will be lost or stolen.''

In 2005, the main cause (61 percent) of baggage delay was ''mishandling'' of
bags between connecting flights; failure to load bags (15 percent); ticketing
errors/security/mistaking bags at the carousel (9 percent); loading/offloading
errors (4 percent); space or weight restrictions, when changing planes during
connections (5 percent); mishandling on arrival (3 percent); tagging errors (3
percent). SITA reports that the average delayed baggage file is open for ''1.3
days or 31.2 hours;'' that is, the time from when a bag is reported missing to
when it is found and restored to its owner.

In Europe last year, 21 percent of flights were delayed and there were problems
in baggage delivery for up to 14.1 bags per thousand passengers, compared to
13.9 in 2004, according to the Association of European Airlines. In the United
States, 23 percent of flights were delayed, and six per thousand passengers were
victims of mishandled baggage an increase of 23 percent, according to the U.S.
Department of Transportation.

The good news is that SITA is helping to provide common self-service check-in
kiosks, and ''baggage drops,'' at airports for all passengers.

Radio Frequency Identification baggage tags help to solve the problems of
mishandled and lost baggage. SITA is developing automated ''baggage
reconciliation'' systems, such as WorldTracer, which is used by 391 airlines and
ground-handling companies

worldwide, providing ''an inventory which delivers a detailed analysis of the
causes of delayed baggage.''

Here are some ways to beat the baggage blues:

*

Check how much hand baggage you can take on board. Airlines have discovered that
rationing carry-on baggage by class is a great way to penalize business
travelers who travel in the back of the plane. British Airways, typical of the
''legacy'' carriers, allows first-class and business-class passengers one bag
plus a briefcase (or laptop) with a total weight of 18 kilos, or about 40
pounds; ''economy plus'' is the same, but a total weight of 12 kilos; economy
passengers are allowed only one bag, at a total weight of 6 kilos.

*

Check whether the ''weight'' or the ''piece'' system applies for checked
baggage. This depends where you are traveling. Under the weight system, which
normally applies within Europe and between Europe and Asia, you are allowed any
number of bags as long as the total weight does not exceed 40 kilos in first
class, 30 kilos in business class and 20 kilos in economy. Piece-system rules
normally apply between Europe and America and between the Americas and Asia and
allow you to check two bags measuring up to 158 centimeters, or 62 inches,
overall and weighing no more than 32 kilos each.

*

Identify bags both inside and out. But turn the label to show a blank side
through the window of the tag. Do not put your home or business address on
luggage tags; put the name of an associate or travel agent. Tape your name and
address on the inside of the bag.

*

Never trust official connecting times at transfer airports if you have checked
baggage. You may make your plane but the baggage won't.

*

When traveling to the United States, lock your bags with one of two locks
approved by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration: Travel Sentry, with
a red diamond logo (www.travelsentry.org), and Safe Skies Liberty Lock
(www.safeskieslocks.com), with a kind of Olympic torch logo. Security agents
have master keys or combinations to these locks, and say they will try to use
them during a security inspection.

*

Take action right away should your baggage fail to turn up.

Shipping luggage can be a cost-effective way to avoid hassle, anxiety, and
punitive excess baggage charges.

First Luggage (www.firstluggage.com), based in Britain, will pick up and deliver
baggage all over the world. One-way shipping of a suitcase of 66 pounds from
Milan to Brussels is about l82 ($147); or from Britain to the United States
(l129).

Excess Baggage (www.excessbaggage.com) ships bags from offices and homes in 300
countries, charging from $4 to $10 per kilogram for most destinations. Excess
Baggage has a network of agents that include Contour USA (www.contour-usa.com)
for shipments from the United States, and Baltrans (www.bim.com.hk) from Hong
Kong. It is also worth checking out the luggage courier services of
Skycapinternational.com and Virtualbellhop.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                                October 18, 2004

Disciplinary orders

SECTION: NOTICES TO THE BAR; Vol. 13, No. 42; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 546 words


Robert S. Burrick

SUPREME COURT OF NEW JERSEY
D-54 September Term 2002

IN THE MATTER OF
ROBERT S. BURRICK,
AN ATTORNEY AT LAW
(Attorney No. 006961993)

The Disciplinary Review Board having filed its decision in DRB 02-368,
recommending that ROBERT S. BURRICK, formerly of MORRISTOWN, who was admitted to
the bar of this State in 1993, and who thereafter was temporarily suspended from
the practice of law by Order of the Court on January 15, 2003, following his
guilty plea to one count of mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C.A. § 1341 and
2, and one count of interstate transportation of stolen securities and money
obtained by fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C.A. § 2314 and 2, In re Burrick, 175
N.J. 99 (2003), and who remains suspended at this time, should be disbarred for
violations of RPC 1.15(a) (knowing misappropriation of trust funds) and RPC
8.4(c) (conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit or misrepresentation), as
well as knowing misappropriation of law firm funds and embezzlement of funds of
a non-profit organization while acting as its treasurer;

And the Court having determined that clear and convincing evidence supports the
findings and recommendation of the Disciplinary Review Board;

And the Court having duly considered respondent's request for a court-appointed
expert to evaluate his claim of psychological and/or psychiatric impairment that
he claims affected his mental condition at the time of his actions and his pleas
to the federal criminal charges;

And the Court having also duly considered respondent's argument that he should
be permitted to claim in this proceeding that his mishandling of funds was not
knowing and voluntary in light of his mental illness at the time those acts were
committed;

And the Court having concluded that respondent's contention, if allowed, would
improperly permit a collateral attack on the knowing and voluntary plea he
entered in the United States District Court on his federal criminal charges that
related to some, but not all, of the charges in the ethics complaint against
him, and which conviction respondent has not sought to reopen;

And good cause appearing;

It is ORDERED that respondent's applications for the appointment of an expert
and for leave to claim in this proceeding that his mishandling of funds was not
knowing and voluntary in light of his mental illness at the time those acts were
committed are denied; and it is further

ORDERED that ROBERT S. BURRICK be disbarred, effective immediately, and that his
name be stricken from the roll of attorneys; and it is further

ORDERED that ROBERT S. BURRICK be and hereby is permanently restrained and
enjoined from practicing law; and it is further

ORDERED that respondent comply with Rule 1:20-20 dealing with disbarred
attorneys; and it is further

ORDERED that the entire record of this matter be made a permanent part of
respondent's file as an attorney at law of this State; and it is further

ORDERED that respondent reimburse the Disciplinary Oversight Committee for
appropriate administrative costs incurred in the prosecution of this matter.

WITNESS, the Honorable Deborah T. Poritz, Chief Justice, at Trenton, this 6th
day of October, 2004.

Stephen W. Townsend
CLERK OF THE SUPREME COURT

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                October 14, 2002

Mold Decision Wasn't Really About Mold

BYLINE: By Michael K. McCracken; Michael K. McCracken, CPCU, ASLI is associate
editor of the FC&S Bulletins, published by The National Underwriter Company in
Erlanger, Ky.  He may be reached via phone at (859) 692-2228, fax (859) 692-2223
or e-mail (mmccracken@nuco.com.)

SECTION: FC&S ON LINES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 917 words


Everyone in the insurance world is hot and bothered about mold, particularly
about the $ 32 million "mold judgment" entered against Fire Insurance Exchange,
a member of Los Angeles-based Farmers Group.

But think about it.  Was this a mold case?  Mold damage was the cause of the
claim, but the case wasn't about mold coverage.  In fact, this was a bad-faith
case.  It was a case of the insurer mishandling a claim from the get-go and the
subsequent bad-faith judgment.

By now, most everyone has heard of the Ballard v. Fire Insurance Exchange
decision.  Melinda Ballard had a beautiful 22-room home.  Her home suffered a
plumbing leak.  Because the damage from the plumbing leak wasn't fixed properly,
and the water wasn't cleaned-up adequately, mold grew, and the insurer and its
employees just couldn't get their hands around the problem.

I realize that the first reaction of many is that the HO-3 homeowners policy
excludes coverage for mold.  Well, that's not exactly the case.  The 1994
edition of the HO-3 says that loss caused by "any the following" is not covered:

* Wear and tear, marring, deterioration.

* Inherent vice, latent defect, mechanical breakdown.

* Smog, rust or other corrosion, mold, wet or dry rot.

* Smoke from agricultural smudging or industrial operations.

Clearly, by placing mold among these other items -- all of which are not sudden
and accidental, but occur over a period of time -- the policywriter's intent was
to exclude mold that grows over a long period of time, like in the corner of a
damp basement.

But that's not what happened to Ms. Ballard.  The mold that grew in her house
was the result of a sudden and accidental discharge from the plumbing system.
The subsequent cleaning or remediation was -- or should have been -- part and
parcel of the insurance recovery.

While the insurance company, to its credit, realized early on that this was a
covered claim, they never seemed to have the right person in place to settle.
The first person they sent to Ms. Ballard's home was an adjuster who said this
was a "foundation problem."

As we know now, it was not a foundation problem, but it was this adjuster's
mislabeling that put the insurer off on the wrong track.

So, the claim was referred to the foundation claims unit.  There, an adjuster
with a limit of authority of only $ 20,000 handled the claim as if it were a
foundation claim.  She ordered a "complete plumbing test."

A "complete plumbing test" might be presumed to mean that the plumbing in the
entire house is going to be tested.  But "complete plumbing test" means
something entirely different to a foundation claim person.  To the foundation
claims unit, it means only test at the slab and below.

This test found no leaks at the slab or below.  So, the adjusters concluded that
no leaks were present.  But leaks were later discovered in other parts of the
home.

In addition to mishandling by the claims unit, this risk was also mishandled by
the underwriting unit.  On a couple of previous claims, it turned out that Ms.
Ballard was underinsured.  The agent made several requests of the underwriting
department to increase the amount of Coverage A.  Those requests were not
attended to.

The insurer contends that the plumbing leak was not reported to them until 11
months after it happened.  On its Web site, the insurer says it determined to
pay for damage to Ms. Ballard's flooring, and that "our [the insurer's] check
was cashed, but no repairs were ever made."

After this payment, the insurer says it then entered into arbitration with Ms.
Ballard and paid the full amount of the arbitration award.  At that point, the
insurer felt "there were no remaining grounds to support any element of this
judgment." After paying over $ 2 million, the insurer contended that no repairs
were ever made to the home.

According to Fred Hagans, attorney for Ms. Ballard, the insurance company was
"always chasing the claim.  They never had the right person in the right place
to make a decision."

In addition, they approached the claim from an immediate negative standpoint,
only to grudgingly agree to negotiate later, he said.

According to Mr. Hagans, Ms. Ballard is a "strong-willed person, who knows what
she wants and is not afraid to go after it." Still, such a person could,
apparently, not get the attention of the appropriate people at the insurer.

Said Mr. Hagans: "I think this really came home to the jury.  They thought that
if Ms. Ballard couldn't get the insurance company's attention, there was little
hope for any of them if they ever had a big claim.  So, they got the insurer's
attention in the only way they knew how -- a big verdict."

After the trial, many of the jurors commented that they didn't understand why
the insurance company defense attorney kept referring to this as a "mold case."
According to Ms. Ballard's attorney, it was clear to the jurors that the
employees of the insurer did not have a good grasp of the coverage issues
involved, nor did they respond in an appropriate fashion.

I have already pointed out that the only type of mold excluded by the policy is
the kind that grows over a long period of time.  In fact, FC&S recently
published an excellent treatment on the mold issue.  (Please see "Mold -- An
Overview," personal lines volume, general section, General tab, page M.1.)

It was clear to the Ballard jurors that this case was about bad faith.  Would
that it were so clear to the rest of the insurance world.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The National Underwriter Company


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Washington: Civil Suit Against University Of Tennessee Alleges History Of
Mishandling Sexual Assault Cases

LENGTH: 1297  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Generation Progress has issued the following news release:



 There are currently four Title IX investigations open at the University of
Tennessee and one civil lawsuit alleging the University of a history of
mishandling cases of sexual assault.



 The civil lawsuit opens with two important umbrella accusations--the first
being that the University has a history of "deliberate indifference and clearly
unreasonable acts and omissions that created a hostile sexual environment to
female students before a sexual assault on a student by a fellow student by
conduct and policies making a student more vulnerable to sexual assault itself"
and second, "a clearly unreasonable response after a sexual assault that causes
a student to endure additional harassment."



 The details of how this case unfolds and the verdict that stems from it could
potentially set precedent for how other universities are expected to handle
instances of sexual assault on campus moving forward, especially when it comes
to the cultures that the Universities allow for on campus.





 Throughout the lawsuit the lawyer for the six original plaintiffs notes how the
University allowed for a culture that was hostile towards survivors of sexual
assault and favored the athletes who were typically accused of having assaulted
them.



 A study released by Senator Claire McCaskill's (D-MO) office in 2014 found that
about 20 percent of the largest public institutions give athletic departments
oversight in campus sexual assault cases involving student athletes.



 "I don't need to explain why that is a big problem&hellip;I think it would
scare just about any victim into the shadows," said Sen. McCaskill to the
Washington Post.



 At the University of Tennessee, the equal treatment of non-athlete students and
student-athletes is allegedly nonexistent. The civil suit brought against the
University explains just how involved the University is in protecting its
student-athletes:



 "Incidents involving athletes and misconduct, including specifically sexual
violence, have been part of a hostile sexual environment and culture of the
University of Tennessee Athletic Department for more than a decade. Plaintiffs
aver that the University's actions affirmatively and deliberately created (and
creates) a hostile discriminatory sexual environment for female students and
acted with deliberate indifference in its response to incidents of sexual
assault in a pattern, practice, policy, and custom of grossly inadequate
discipline and resolution in specific favor of male, 'major sports' athletes.
Plaintiffs further aver that said favoritism included interfering and stopping
the disciplinary process, concealing charges and investigations involving male
athletes, arranging for specialized defense counsel for male athletes at UT
facing criminal and sexual assault charges, encouraging parties with underage
drinking to benefit recruiting, discouraged reporting by creating a culture of
known tolerance for and protection of misconduct, and misusing the Tennessee
Uniform Procedures Act by Chancellor (Check) selecting judges to hear cases
involving athletes in a delaying process not in compliance with Title IX."



 Colleen Ryan, a Global Studies major of the University of Tennessee's Class of
2017, co-chair of Sexual Empowerment and Awareness at Tennessee, as well as one
of the co-organizers for a rally that protested the University of Tennessee's
handling of the most recent civil case, found particular issue with how the
University was approaching the student-athlete angle of the case.



 "I found myself incredibly frustrated by the dismissive attitude perpetuated in
the February 23 press conference that sixteen UT coaches had to discuss campus
culture," explained Ryan via email to Generation Progress. "[Their] insistence
that campus culture is great seemed far removed from the experience of the
average student, especially the average non-athlete female student, and the
stances taken really invalidated the experiences that survivors on this campus
have been brave enough to come forward and make known."



 Ultimately, this frustration, led to Ryan and Rayah Kirby, a fellow student, to
organize a protest outside of the second press conference the athletic
department held at the end of February with the goal to " remind Mr. Hart and
other administrators on this campus that the focus of this conversation and
actions taken moving forward need to be survivor-centered," shared Ryan with
Generation Progress.



 A sentiment that according to Ryan is less visible on campus after the civil
suit came to be.



 "Women, people of color, LGBTQ+ students, and many other marginalized groups
experience a hostile campus climate, exacerbated by the conservative context
that UT Knoxville is situated in. The lawsuit has brought out some of the worst
of this on campus, with victim-blaming rhetoric increasingly public and a
general dismissal of the experiences of survivors," explained Ryan.



 Under law, all victims of sexual assault who report their assault have a right
to a school-led investigation that should last no longer than 60 days. Under
Title IX, any student is on campus is guaranteed a culture on campus in which
students should feel protected and like the environment is conducive to
learning. And at the heart of the lawsuit is the fact that the University of
Tennessee lacks an environment in which survivors of sexual assault, or others,
feel safe on campus.



 On a national level, of the 1 in 5 women who will be sexually assaulted during
their time in college, less than five percent will come forth as victims of
sexual assault.



 The Tennessean looked back on incidents of sexual assault on campus from
February 2013 to April 2015 and found that at the end of each of these alleged
assaults, regardless of whether the alleged accuser was found guilty or not, the
victim left the University.



 "I just want people to know that me and the other girls did not know each other
before this," explains one of the plaintiffs in the case against the University,
to CNN. "We came together to change the environment to change what is done about
sexual assault and I don't understand why people think we're lying about it."



 The University of Tennessee has actively attempted to downplay the
newsworthiness of the civil suit -- especially in light of the Peyton Manning,
now retired NFL quarterback, headlines that were associated with the case -- by
denying any truth to the allegations being brought against it.



 "Any assertion that we do not take sexual assault seriously enough is simply
not true," said the University's lawyer. "To claim that we have allowed a safe
culture to exist contrary to our institutional commitment to providing a safe
environment for our students or that we do not support those who report sexual
assaults is just false."



 Currently the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights is investigating
over 150 colleges and universities for allegedly violating Title IX and
mishandling sexual assault cases. The manner in which each investigation,
whether led by the OCR or in a civil suit, is resolved sets precedent for the
next case and for the culture that exists on campuses across the nation.



 "It's an issue that we've had trouble raising widespread attention to on campus
in the past, but I am really hopeful that the confluence of events around this
issue-- simultaneously being under investigation by the federal government, this
civil lawsuit, and several ongoing criminal and student misconduct cases-- will
bring new perspectives into the conversation and ultimately see meaningful
change result," said Ryan.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                April 1, 1997, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Florida Bar announces disciplinary action for 50 lawyers

BYLINE: JAMES HARPER

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1097 words



The colorful and once busy legal career of Phillip R. Wasserman has  apparently
come to an end.

Wasserman, who cut a flamboyant path through Pinellas County courtrooms by
telling strange tales of bribery and his own Mafia connections, has given up
his license to practice law rather than face disciplinary proceedings from the
Florida Bar.

Wasserman's case was among 50 disciplinary cases announced by the Bar last
week, including nine Tampa Bay-area lawyers.

Keith F. Roberts, a gay rights activist from Tampa, and Hewitt E. Smith, a
former president of the Tampa branch of the NAACP, were among the other  lawyers
disciplined.

Wasserman had more than 30 professional misconduct complaints against him,
according to a statement from the Bar. He had been suspended or otherwise
disciplined at least six times by the Florida Supreme Court, which regulates
lawyers through the Bar.

"In the majority of the pending cases, there is a pattern of accepting  fees and
failing to complete the legal matters for which he was retained and  failing to
communicate with clients," the Bar statement said. "While  continuing to
advertise his practice through radio and television, he failed  to hire enough
attorneys to handle the case load."

Wasserman's office has closed, and he could not be located for comment.

But a year ago, he offered an explanation for his troubles.

Certain high-ranking judges had targeted him because his attempt to bribe  two
judges fell through, he said. The state Attorney's Office investigated  this
charge but took no further action.

Wasserman also claimed that he was the victim of a Mafia conspiracy to
discredit him, stemming from a power struggle in the Detroit mob where his
father and grandfather both had been high-ranking members.

Wasserman already was under a one-year suspension when his resignation  became
effective last month. In previous cases, the Supreme Court had found  him guilty
of charging excessive fees, failure to act with diligence, improper  maintenance
of trust accounts, failure to communicate with opposing counsel  and paying a
disciplinary fine with a worthless check.

But the incident that got him the most attention occurred in 1994, when he
allegedly told a judge's assistant on the phone that she was a little
m-----f----- and that the judge was a m-----f---ing son of a b----.

The Florida Supreme Court suspended him for a year for that incident and
another in which he lost his temper with a judge.

The 50 disciplinary cases announced Friday were settled within the past  three
months. Statewide, the court disbarred six lawyers, suspended 23 others,
reprimanded 11 and accepted the resignations of 10. The court typically
resolves disciplinary cases for 15 to 20 lawyers a month, Bar spokeswoman  Toyca
Williams said.

Here are the other Tampa Bay cases:

+ Keith Roberts, known for his leadership in gay rights causes, was  suspended
from practicing law for 90 days.

The court found that Roberts failed to diligently represent a client in the
handling of her deceased son's estate, failed to communicate with her and
failed to expedite litigation. He must reimburse the client before the
suspension is lifted.

Roberts, 44, said Friday that he believes the penalty was unusually harsh.

"I expected a reprimand. I didn't expect a suspension," he said. "I  think it's
just out of line with everything I've seen done in other cases."

+ Hewitt E. Smith, of St. Petersburg, was suspended for three years, added  to
an emergency suspension of his license already in effect since 1993. In
November 1995, the Bar received a complaint that Smith had agreed to represent
a woman in a case even though he was suspended. Smith denied this, according  to
the Bar, although he took a retainer over several months. Smith said he  took
the money solely for the purpose of hiring another attorney for the  woman.

He could not be reached for comment.

+ Malcolm V. McKay, of Indian Rocks Beach, who once practiced in downtown
Tampa, was suspended for three years for failing to inform four separate
clients that their lawsuits had been dismissed or never filed. In three cases,
the Bar found, McKay created bogus court documents to mislead his clients, and
in another case, he asked for additional fees to support a suit that McKay had
already mishandled and lost.

McKay pleaded guilty to the charges but disputed part of the Bar's findings  in
an interview with the Times. He acknowledged mishandling some cases but  said he
never sought money for services not rendered.

+ Deanna McBride Birdsong, of Tampa, resigned in lieu of disciplinary
proceedings. She had several misconduct complaints against her, including a
charge that she used settlement funds to pay personal debts without the
client's knowledge and falsely told a bankruptcy judge that the money was in
her trust account.

Birdsong could not be reached for comment.

+ James Morton Brickley of St. Petersburg was suspended for 60 days for  failing
to represent a client in a diligent manner and mishandling client  funds. A man
who answered the phone at Brickley's office said Brickley was not  available for
comment.

+ Peter S. Gregov of Clearwater resigned in lieu of disciplinary  proceedings.
The Bar said he closed his practice without notifying clients and  has not
responded to complaints against him. In most cases, the Bar said,  Gregov failed
to pursue clients' claims, communicate with them or return  retainers they had
paid. Gregov could not be reached for comment.

+ James Davidson Henry Jr., of St. Petersburg was suspended for three  years,
retroactive to another suspension that began in April 1996. The Bar  said Henry
failed to provide competent services in several cases and did not  withdraw from
representing clients after becoming impaired by mental health  problems. In
order to resume practicing, Henry must undergo a mental  evaluation and sign a
rehabilitation contract with Florida Lawyers Assistance  Inc., a group that
helps lawyers with alcohol, drug or mental health problems.  Henry could not be
reached for comment.

+ Nathaniel Daniel Hines II, of St. Petersburg, resigned in lieu of
disciplinary proceedings. The Bar said he drew complaints from several cases,
including borrowing money from a client, mishandling trust accounts and  failing
to return files. Hines could not be reached for comment.

- Information from staff writer Charles Hoskinson and Times files was used in
this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 1, 2011 Tuesday

Montana farmers study ACRE appeal denial

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 2473 words


Feb. 01--FARGO, N.D. -- Sheridan County, Mont., farmers who appealed with the
Farm Service Agency to get out of the Average Crop Revenue Election program on
durum in 2009 have been denied their appeal at the county level, based on the
state committee denying the county committee's request for relief on behalf of
those producers. The state denial was based on a newly released audit report
from an Office of Inspector General.

The state FSA says the issue in that county involves up to $2.7 million in
federal cost. ACRE is an alternative revenue-based program, compared with the
Direct and Counter-Cyclical Payment Program or DCP. ACRE was new under the 2008
farm bill and first implemented in 2009.

Of the 23 farmers who appealed, 22 remain in the case. They allege two things --
they were misinformed about how loan deficiency payments were calculated under
the ACRE program and the county FSA mishandled a "signup register," giving some
-- not all -- farmers extra time to back out of ACRE.

The OIG audit report, in its Dec. 10, 2010, report, says the Sheridan County FSA
office did in fact mishandle the signup register. But the OIG says its
investigators couldn't confirm the appellants been given false information about
their LDP rates under the program.

Montana state director Bruce Nelson, backed by six other FSA officials from
California to Washington, all met in a phone teleconference with an Agweek
reporter for nearly two hours Jan. 21, 2011, to offer an update on the case.
Agweek reported on the case ("Hosed! ACRE program snafu costs Montana growers
millions") on Jan. 4, 2010.

Nelson confirms that producers could appeal the misinformation issue at the
state or more likely at the national level. Curiously, he says neither the
county nor state committees have authority to let individuals out of ACRE
program anyway. He says there even is a question "whether even the secretary of
agriculture" has authority to let producers out of ACRE "even if there is a
basis for it" because the statute says "the ACRE election is irrevocable."

Nelson and others decline to confirm whether a county FSA technician who handled
the case is or to comment on whether her departure may be connected to the
findings of mishandling the register. The FSA officials advised Agweek of
Freedom of Information request rights.

Farmers in the case say they are considering their options.

The OIG report impact

Nelson says he and others had requested the OIG audit because he had experience
with the agency's impartiality and thoroughness. He says the OIG had reviewed
40,000 e-mails, among other things. This guided the state committee and county
actions.

In letters to appellants dated Jan. 12, 2011, Donna Hilyard, Sheridan County FSA
executive director, saying the county FSA committee had declined their request
to withdraw from the program. She told them they had 30 days to initiate appeals
to the state FSA and informed them of their mediation or National Appeals
Division rights. In the same letter, Hilyard reminded farmers they'd failed to
file "discrimination" complaints, based on the register complaints.

More than a year earlier, Hilyard, in a Nov. 5, 2009, letter, had written to the
farmers, saying they could appeal the register handling by contacting the USDA
Office of Adjudication and Compliance in Washington.

Nelson acknowledges there "isn't necessarily a timeframe on that" discrimination
issue, and "they could possibly still do that." The normal timeframe is six
months, but that the FSA can waive the time limit.

Dick Deschamps, an administrative officer with the Montana FSA office,
acknowledges producers may have been "discouraged from filing" about their
perceived "disparate treatment" by the office, but that they might not have seen
it as discrimination based on a classical definition dealing with race, or other
some other basis.

Separately, Terry Angvick, one of the farmer appellants, says he and others
didn't think "discrimination" fit their case.

Angvick says he knows of one producer who called the Washington office on the
discrimination issue, but when officials there asked him whether it was
"race-related discrimination," that producer didn't follow up. The rest think
the register complaint already was registered through the general appeal. They
eventually knew the OIG was investigating the issue, but didn't know that the
investigation was not intended to have an affect on their appeal.

Nelson emphasizes that his request for an OIG for an inquiry into the register
matter was not to determine a basis for the farmers' appeals. It was because "we
wanted to know if our county office people were doing things correctly" and "how
to correct" mishandling. It was important that the agency provided producers "an
avenue" of to pursue discrimination complaints.

LDP misinformation?

The OIG could not confirm that the FSA gave proper information about how the
loan deficiency payments would be calculated, when a person signed up in the
ACRE program.

According to OIG, several producers claimed the Sheridan County FSA Office gave
incorrect information about the program in meetings on Feb. 26, Feb. 27 and
March 2 of 2009.

One of those producers in those meetings was Angvick, who then was Sheridan
County Extension Service agent, who also repeated to growers what he claimed was
misinformation from the FSA. (Angvick since has retired from his Extension
Service position.) Despite this, in the letters denying appeals, Hilyard said
the FSA was partly denying claims because the producers had shown a "lack of
specificity has to who had provided misinformation."

Angvick and others say that in those meeting, they had asked Hilyard how the LDP
calculation would work for ACRE enrollees and that she said she thought their
LDPs would be reduced by 30 percent.

Hilyard acknowledged she was asked in the first meeting if "LDP payments would
be reduced like direct payments and loan rates;" she "claimed to have answered
that she did not believe so but would check with the state office for
clarification." She e-mailed the state office and received the correct response,
which was forwarded to office staff. Other officials couldn't remember the issue
coming up in meetings again. Angvick denies this, too.

Angvick says a county program technician who was assigned to the ACRE signup
repeated the misinformation in meetings with her in April and late July 2009.
According to the report, the technician says Angvick knew the correct
information in those meetings, an assertion he denies.

The OIG says there are "no existing FDA documents which contain inaccurate
information" but that the documents "do not directly address LDP calculations"
but rather ACRE triggers.

OIG interviewed 21 producers enrolled in ACRE, including 18 who had appealed
their election. Of the 21 enrollees, 16 said the technician "did not misinform
them prior to enrollment," a claim that Angvick disputes. The OIG said it "could
not corroborate" claims of the other five.

On Dec. 8, 2009, the Sheridan County program technician wrote to the Sheridan
County FSA Committee, "stating that she provided incorrect information and that
she also did not provide the CCC-509 Appendix dated April 29, 2009, to ACRE
enrollees at the time of their enrollment." The CCC-509 Appendix includes the
contract details.

The OIG found that the technician's "treatment of the CCC-509 Appendix, dated
April 29, 2009, was inconsistent." The technician said amended CCC-509s were
"thrown out," but some producers had copies that were initialed and dated, so
she changed her story to say she "did not always" provide producers with the
amended appendix.

Tossed documents

The technician said she made presentations to the county executive director and
the county committee with incorrect information on the LDP calculations, but was
not corrected. None of the officials remembered "discussion on how to calculate
an LDP for an ACRE producer."

The OIG reported that the Montana State University Extension Service created an
"ACRE calculator." This computer tool correctly described how LDPs would work
under ACRE. Angvick says it was based on an "all wheat" loan rate of $2.75 per
bushel, which didn't show an LDP being triggered. Durum later was separated out
in May or June, but the Extension Service didn't update the calculator
specifically for durum.

MSU professors conducted an ACRE informational meeting March 2. Nearly 60
producers attended. The MSU officials didn't provide an example of how an LDP
would be affected, and they weren't asked any questions on the issue. Angvick
says he asked about the 30 percent LDP reduction, but the all-wheat loan rate
wouldn't have triggered for durum at that time.

Nelson noted that no other county had claims of misinformation about how the
LDPs would be calculated under ACRE.

Not included in the OIG report, Angvick says, was testimony that some farmers in
the ACRE program had gone to the Sheridan County office to calculate their LDPs
in September and that neither the technician nor the county director, Hilyard,
then could explain why they didn't qualify for a reduced LDPs, as they'd been
informed, but that the state officials had to correct them on the way it was
calculated, four months after the informational meetings.

Register roulette

According to the OIG report, 27 farmers in Sheridan County were enrolled in ACRE
by the Aug. 14 deadline.

Later, 23 of those farmers appealed to reverse this enrollment, saying they were
improperly informed about how much they'd give up in LDPs and that the FSA
office improperly handled a "signup register" that allowed other farmers an
extra 45 days to decide whether they'd sign up for ACRE. By the end of September
2009, the durum price had dropped, triggering loan deficiency payments for durum
wheat, the main crop in the county.

The OIG report says 36 were placed on a signup register, giving them the extra
six weeks until Sept. 30 to opt out. Only three out of the 36 producers used the
register to enroll in ACRE. One of those three later appealed his enrollment.

To find out if the register was mishandled, the OIG interviewed 12 out of the 36
people on the register. Of the 12 on the register, eight "were not aware of
being placed on the register, nor did they request to be." Of the eight, six had
enrolled in ACRE. Of the six, three had enrolled after the Aug. 14 deadline. Of
the three, two didn't know they were placed on the register.

Also of the 12, the OIG says, nine didn't use the register it to sign up for
ACRE. These nine included six who didn't enroll and three who enrolled some of
their farm units before Aug. 14, but not on the units in question. The ACRE
program technician said she "informed them that they could use the additional
time to decide whether to enroll in ACRE." Of the six, two said they didn't
complete their enrollment because LDPs had triggered. Also of the six, one said
he was informed about the ACRE signup register before the deadline.

The OIG says some producers who were on the register, and had initiated the
process, had applications on file on Aug. 14, but the technician shredded those
applications later, which is against the rules.

One of the producers told the OIG that he had "called into the county office a
couple of days before the deadline" to say he'd be in Aug. 14 to "make his
decision on signing up for ACRE" but that the technician told him she could
place his name on the register "because she knew that he was busy with harvest
and he could come into the county office to sign up for ACRE when it rained." In
an e-mail to the county executive director, this same producer said the
technician told him that "if he left one signature off" on the ACRE paperwork
that he could have until Sept. 30 to finalize it. "It was his understanding that
producers who signed ACRE contracts before Aug. 7, 2009, were not informed of
this option," the report says.

The technician "admitted during her interview that she placed producers on the
register without their knowledge." She said she placed them on the register "in
order to allow time to secure necessary signature." But the OIG found that 24 of
the 36 on the register "either had power of attorney or were landowners
themselves and thus could have signed the application."

Another producer among the six said the technician told him the same thing but
to "ensure that the (land) owners did not sign ACRE contracts and send them to
the county office, or the farm would be enrolled in ACRE."

She said she told the producers they would have until Sept. 30, 2009, to decide
whether to enroll "so long as they ensured that they did not obtain all
signatures before the August 14, 2009, deadline."

One e-mail from "a key member" of the Montana Grain Growers Association, said
he'd known about the register on Aug. 7, though it wasn't "supposed to become
available" until the Aug. 14 deadline. A county committee member said the
technician asked him if he'd like to be placed on the ACRE register before the
Aug. 14 deadline.

The technician later admitted that "she herself drafted appeal letters to be
submitted to FSA, which she provided to producers, including the extension
agent. Those (draft) appeal letters claim that the program technician
misinformed producers and the county office misused the register." Later, she
told OIG investigators that she had misinformed maybe 20 percent of those who
were claiming misinformation.

One of the producers submitted a "verbatim" copy of the technician's appeal
letter to the county office, but later denied he'd been misinformed about the
LDPs. The OIG found that the technician communicated with Angvick through
personal e-mails, not office e-mails.

Nelson says the case has sparked discussion in Washington about whether it is
appropriate to use registers in the ACRE program at all. Registers have been
used effectively over the years to handle workload in the final days of a
signup. It is not to be used to extend a program deadline, but ACRE programs are
different than others because variables continue to change during the register
period.

"As time goes by, you know more about whether it might be a good thing to do, or
not," he says, which is not true in all programs.

Typically, the registers are approved and then are allowed to go into place the
day of a signup. In 2009, the FSA expanded ways producers can request being
placed on a register -- in person, by phone or by fax. There is no official
record of when or how the person does that, however. The register authority was
in effect in 2010 but was not used.

To see more of Agweek Magazine, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.agweek.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Agweek Magazine Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110201-AW-Montana-farmers-study-ACRE-appeal-denial-0201-20110201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2011 Agweek


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                October 12, 2000 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

DEUTCH AVOIDS THE WEN HO LEE TREATMENT

BYLINE: JOANNE JACOBS column

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 868 words


IN violation of security rules, he put top-secret information on easy-to-hack
computers and on portable disks that have gone missing. He won't tell
investigators where the disks are or what he did with them.

His name . . . John Deutch. Funny. It doesn't sound Chinese.

Wen Ho Lee, a naturalized citizen born in Taiwan, was fired by his Los Alamos
lab, arrested and held in solitary confinement for nine months without bail. The
60-year-old computer scientist was hobbled by chains whenever he left his cell.
Interrogators threatened him with execution; prosecutors told him he faced a
life sentence.

It was justified, say FBI director Louis Freeh and Attorney General JanetReno.
Lee had transferred nuclear weapons-design code to unclassified computers and
failed to account for seven missing tapes.

Finally, Lee pleaded guilty to one count of mishandling secrets and agreed to
another round of lie detector tests on what he'd done with the tapes. With
credit for 278 days in jail, he walked free.

Deutch also faced consequences for mishandling secrets as head of the Central
Intelligence Agency and, before that, a top Defense official. He lost his
security clearance.

Why was Lee assumed guilty and Deutch assumed innocent? Was it racial or ethnic
profiling? Or good old incompetence? There's evidence for both.

It started with incompetence: Spy-hunters decided the mole had to work at Los
Alamos and narrowed the suspects to 12. But hundreds of people at other labs had
access to the information, and errors in the Chinese weapons code pointed away
from Los Alamos.

Lee was a prime suspect because he'd once called a Chinese-American scientist
who was under investigation but never charged.

Robert Vrooman, a former Los Alamos counter-intelligence chief, told a Senate
Judiciary subcommittee that Lee was targeted because he's ethnic Chinese. "Every
time Lee's motive was discussed, it came down to his ethnicity," Vrooman said.

Naturally, Lee's downloading -- once it was discovered -- looked very
suspicious. But Lee spoke freely to investigators without a lawyer and aced a
lie-detector test. No evidence of spying could be found. By December 1998,
Vrooman said he and FBI agents on the espionage case "absolutely thought that
Lee was not the right man."

But the FBI never looked elsewhere for its spy.

When the New York Times ran a story on a Los Alamos spy stealing weapons secrets
under the FBI's nose, Lee was arrested, and charged with 59 felonies. But not
espionage. No evidence.

To prevent bail, government witnesses made "misstatements" to the judge. When
the truth came out, so did Lee.

Why did Lee make those tapes? My guess is stupidity and arrogance, the same
reasons Deutch thought he was above the security rules he set for his
subordinates.

Deutch's carelessness with military and CIA secrets didn't produce any
suspicion. Unlike Lee, he was one of the club.

Deutch worked at high-level Defense jobs starting in 1993. He turned down
security measures proposed for his home computers, and used the unsecured
computers for classified military information.

He also kept a journal of his daily activities, including sensitive information,
on disks that he carried around in his shirt pocket. Pentagon investigators
can't find the disks, and Deutch won't answer questions about where they are,
the Associated Press reports.

Deutch "has declined requests for our investigators to talk with him on this or
other topics," Rear Adm. Craig Quigley, a Pentagon spokesman, said.

After he became CIA director in 1995, Deutch again rejected security measures: a
classified computer for his Maryland home and a CIA officer to assure that work
brought home would be kept safe.

Deutch used unclassified computers -- accessible via the Internet to any random
hacker -- to store what CIA director George Tenet later called "enormously
sensitive material . . . at the highest levels of classification."

You might say "the crown jewels" of CIA secrets.

Deutsch kept up the journal, downloading it from disks to memory cards. Those
cards have been recovered.

When Deutch quit the CIA in December 1996 to take a teaching post at MIT, agency
computer specialists discovered the security breach.

Like Lee, Deutch tried to delete the classified files when he learned he was
being investigated. Unlike Lee, he clammed up, refusing to be interviewed by CIA
investigators.

With Deutch not talking and top CIA officials not pushing, the investigation
fizzled.

Eventually, a report by the CIA's inspector general revealed the extent of
Deutch's carelessness, and criticized the half-hearted investigation. Reno's
Justice Department, which had decided not to charge Deutch with mishandling
classified information, reopened the possibility of criminal prosecution.
TheDefense Department launched its own investigation. The Energy Department
announced a ban on racial profiling.

So far, there's no evidence that any secrets were lost. Foreign agents didn't
hack into Deutch's computer; he didn't slip a disk to a modern Mata Hari.

But, like Lee, Deutch should be compelled to explain why he put his country's
secrets at risk and what he did with the disks.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: JOHN DURICKA -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
Former CIA Director John Deutch won't talk about his missing disks.
[001012 ED 11B]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             June 2, 2005 Thursday

Case of doublespeak?

SECTION: VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 1127 words


Many give credit to the president for his creative thinking about how to bring
freedom and democracy to the Middle East.

I have been thinking seriously about giving President Bush credit for thinking
over the top. After all, everyone agreed that Saddam Hussein probably did have
WMD. But only Bush came up with an imminent WMD threat to the United States. The
president never mentioned the context of freedom and democracy until the last
election.

So, is the president a genius?

Bush answered this question when last week he again proudly announced that
Social Security is broken. We all know Social Security is not broken. Social
Security may have a shortfall 40 years from now, but that is hardly broken.

It also doesn't take a genius to know that to provide this kind of insurance by
yourself, it would cost more than $234,000 over your lifetime.

Today, 153 million American workers are covered by relatively inexpensive Social
Security Insurance. The overall poverty rate for older Americans without Social
Security would be higher than 40 percent. For older single women, it would rise
to 60 percent. And for African Americans and Hispanics, it would increase even
higher. Nonmarried women over 65 would lose more than half of their income.

Private accounts that drain money out of Social Security means lower benefits.

Private accounts mean an additional $4 trillion in debt to our economy in the
next 20 years.

So, is the president a genius? You tell me.

FRED STIEG
San BernardinoI thought I understood President Bush say something to the effect
that we won't destroy life [stem cells] to save a life ["Debate over stem cells
moves to Senate as Bush veto looms,' Associated Press, May 26]. What about the
plain old ordinary cells we are destroying every day in Iraq?

These "ordinary cells' create life, maintain life and are life by everyone's
definition. This includes our soldiers and the many Iraqi civilians killed each
day.

If we cannot sacrifice magic stem cells now, which conceivably could cure
millions of people in the future, but can accept the death of mature cells
[people], then we must be hypocrites.

I would suggest those that are opposed to stem-cell research simply not use the
results. On the entrance form to the hospital, check the "use no stem cells' box
underneath the "do not resuscitate' box.JOHN BOWDOINTwin Peaks
Apples and oranges Why are U.S. officials spending time substantiating incidents
where the Quran has been "mishandled' ["Five Quran mishandling incidents
substantiated,' by Robert Burns, Associated Press, May 27]?

What's worse - mishandling the Quran - or beheading innocent civilians in the
name of Allah?

JACK INGRAM
Yucaipa Dislikes Paris ad

Thanks to John Weeks for his May 27 column ["Despite all the soap and water, I
still feel dirty,' U section]. His views regarding the Paris Hilton ad
representing Carl's Jr. echo the thoughts of many of us.

I called Carl's Jr. and registered my objection to the television ad, since it
certainly is not representative of their fine products.

Hopefully, my call and those of others will bring action.

TULA DAVIS
Highland Spay clinic

Pet Partners of Victor Valley thanks the Humane Society of San Bernardino Valley
for allowing us to sponsor its Spaymobile on May 21 in Apple Valley.

The Spaymobile has operated in the San Bernardino area for a few years and
honored the High Desert with its first visit to Apple Valley. It is an efficient
operation with a veterinarian, two veterinarian technicians and two technicians.

This was a first event of the Spaymobile for spay/neuter and walk-in vaccination
in Apple Valley and was scheduled by coordinator Jim Lamm. The Humane Society's
staff is the best, and their concern for the animals and their guardians was
remarkable.

Pet Partners reached out and made us aware that even though we have subsidized
spaying and neutering for 23 years with our thrift shop funds, the public needs
to recognize their responsibility to their animals and make a commitment. There
is not enough public awareness to save animal lives.

We thank the Humane Society of San Bernardino Valley for this positive event and
invite them back.

JANE DOLLAR
Director of Pet Partners
Apple Valley Taxing situation

Does anyone remember our country's history? We were taught in school that the
reason our forefathers fought in the American Revolution was "taxation without
representation.'

Now, look at the present scenario:

A 'citizens compensation committee' consisting of appointed, not elected,
citizens, who were named by the now ousted Gov. Gray Davis, can decide how much
everyone in our state government can earn, and no one can veto or nullify those
increases in salaries.

Our state senators and representatives are saying they can't do anything to stop
those raises.

If anyone who is given the raise refuses to accept the money, their increase is
put into the Assembly operating budget to spend as the Assembly sees fit. The
elected officials of this state are laughing at us while they stuff their
pockets full and accuse the governor of robbing the taxpayers.

This is truly "taxation without representation.'

FRED SLOCUM
Highland Freeway angel

Just before 9 a.m. May 25, I was heading east on Interstate 10, just west of the
California Street exit. That morning, I decided to drive my granddaughter's Kia
Rio to the chiropractor. She had it parked at my house pending repairs.

I was next to the fast lane, when suddenly the hood flew up and totally blinded
me. It hit with such impact that it also jarred my rear-view mirror. And the
right mirror was not adjusted properly. Bottom line: I could not see anything at
all.

All I can recall doing is putting on my right blinker, as I started to move over
two lanes, unable to see anything at all. Surprisingly and miraculously, I was
able to move over two lanes of busy truck traffic safely.

As I reached what I thought should be the shoulder, I decided to move over a
little bit more. Just as I inched over, a semi whizzed by in the slow lane.
Something told me not to go over too far, as I did not know what was on the
shoulder of the road. When I got out of the car, there was an embankment on the
other side. God was definitely with me and protected me.

Later that night, I realized that once I got onto the shoulder, there was a car
behind me [also on the shoulder], and once I had stopped, that car made its way
onto the freeway and was gone. Did this person see what had happened to my car
and "clear the way' for me to get over?

I'll never know. But I consider that person God's freeway angel. If that was the
case, I thank God, and I thank the driver of that car.

DOLORES HIGGINS
Fontana

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 24, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Official Who Led Inquiry Into China's Reputed Theft of Nuclear Secrets Quits in
Protest

BYLINE: By JAMES RISEN

SECTION: Section A;Page 12;Column 1;National Desk

LENGTH: 857 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 23


The Energy Department official who led the initial inquiry into China's
suspected theft of United States nuclear secrets resigned today, saying he was
protesting roadblocks to his pursuit of the case by Clinton Administration
policy makers and other Government officials.

In an interview today, the official, Notra Trulock, the department's acting
deputy chief of intelligence, complained that he had been squeezed out of the
continuing spy investigation, code-named Kindred Spirit.

"They have moved me out from any participation in the Kindred Spirit case, and
from any other aspect of the management of intelligence activities within the
department," Mr. Trulock said.

Mr. Trulock added that he had been thinking about resigning for months because
of what he said was political interference. But he said he made the final
decision after the release this month of a report by the Energy Department's
inspector general concerning the department's handling of the spy case.

The report found no conclusive evidence to support Mr. Trulock's assertions that
he had been temporarily blocked from briefing Congress on the case in 1998.

"The I.G. report was the last straw," Mr. Trulock said.

Energy Secretary Bill Richardson said today in a statement that he was
"disappointed with Mr. Trulock's decision to leave the department." The
statement added that Mr. Richardson "believes that Mr. Trulock performed
valuable work," but that Mr. Richardson "supports the inspector general's
conclusions" that angered Mr. Trulock.

Mr. Trulock has been a highly contentious figure within the Government because
of his central role in the case.

Although the Federal Bureau of Investigation started a criminal investigation
three years ago into evidence that China stole data about the United States'
most advanced nuclear warhead, no arrests have been made, and the handling of
the case by the Energy Department, the F.B.I. and the Justice Department has
become fodder for special inquiries by both Congress and the executive branch.

Mr. Trulock served as a catalyst for public furor over the handling of the case
in part because of his decision to become a secret witness late last year for a
Congressional panel that investigated the spying accusations.

Mr. Trulock's contention that the Government's investigation was slowed by
interference from senior officials at the Energy Department, Los Alamos National
Laboratory and the White House quickly became enmeshed in the national debate
over the proper course of United States policy toward China.

But his accusations, strongly denied by the White House and the Energy
Department, also prompted strong criticism of his own handling of the case by
current and former Government officials.

In June, Mr. Trulock's criticism of a report issued by the President's Foreign
Intelligence Advisory Board on the spy investigation led to a stinging response
from Warren Rudman, the former Senator who is chairman of the panel.

Mr. Rudman wrote that Mr. Trulock was guilty of having "misread professional
disagreements as personal affronts," and that he had misconstrued an obligation
to be candid "as a license for calumny."

Just last week, the former chief of counterintelligence at Los Alamos, who
himself has been disciplined for mishandling the investigation, charged that Mr.
Trulock and others were responsible for botching the case because they had
unfairly focused their attention on a Chinese-American scientist from Los
Alamos.

Mr. Trulock has denied that race was a factor in the decision to investigate Wen
Ho Lee, the Chinese-American scientist who was fired from his job at Los Alamos
in March for security violations. Mr. Lee has not been charged with any crime.

Mr. Trulock has had a mixed relationship with Mr. Richardson. In May, Mr.
Richardson gave him a special $10,000 award for having raised the alarm within
the Government about China's activities, and praised Mr. Trulock for persisting
in the inquiry despite bureaucratic roadblocks.

But last year, Mr. Trulock lost his job as chief of intelligence at the Energy
Department and was demoted to acting deputy chief.

Mr. Richardson declined to respond to Mr. Trulock's written request earlier this
year to be reinstated as intelligence chief, and Mr. Trulock was told this
summer that he would not be named permanent deputy intelligence chief.

Larry Sanchez, the current chief of intelligence at the Energy Department, said
today that he had repeatedly offered to make Mr. Trulock the permanent deputy
but that Mr. Trulock had declined to accept the post. And he added that Mr.
Richardson had declined to make Mr. Trulock the chief of intelligence because
that would have meant firing Mr. Sanchez.

"I have been his protector, insuring that his message was continually being
carried and insuring that he was at every Congressional hearing on the case that
he should have been at," Mr. Sanchez said. "He was not actively being cut out of
things. I knew he was going to leave anyway, and we knew he was actively seeking
another job."

Mr. Trulock said he was taking a job in the private sector.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 25, 1999, Wednesday

CORRECTION:

An article yesterday about the resignation of an Energy Department official who
led the initial investigation into allegations of Chinese espionage referred
incorrectly to the status of Robert Vrooman, a former chief of
counterintelligence at Los Alamos National Laboratory. The Energy Secretary has
recommended that Mr. Vrooman be disciplined for mishandling the investigation,
but no action has yet been taken.


                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                          December 12, 2001, Wednesday

LAKELAND CAN AVOID THE FINE IF IT SPENDS AT LEAST $ 271,037 ON AN "IN-KIND"
PROJECT.; WASTE DISPOSAL VIOLATIONS; CITY FACES $ 183,000 IN FINES

BYLINE: BILLY TOWNSEND The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1507 words


LAKELAND -- The city of Lakeland faces more than $ 183,000 in punitive fines and
a state mandate to tighten up oversight of waste disposal at Lakeland Electric's
McIntosh Power Plant landfill.

The fine is part of a newly reached settlement with the Florida Department of
Environmental Protection.

It is the third-largest fine ever issued by any environmental agency in Polk
County.

Lakeland can avoid the fine if it spends at least $ 271,037 on an "in-kind"
project -- approved and monitored by DEP -- to improve environmental conditions
either at the plant or elsewhere in the community.

Keith Hulbert, Lakeland Electric's general manager, said the city-owned utility
has not yet identified a specific project.

But he said that it would.

"We're going to find better use for the funds somewhere in the community than
paying a punitive fine to a regulatory agency," Hulbert said. "But my main focus
is not the fine. The fine is a byproduct of the process. The good news is we
have gone through the process and are proactively handling environmental issues
correctly today."

The settlement, known as a consent order, concerns a series of violations --
dating to 1997 -- that relate to the landfill at the McIntosh complex near Lake
Parker.

Some were discovered by DEP inspections of the facility.

And the city reported some of those violations itself after an audit of landfill
operations it commissioned early this year.

Each of the violations relates to waste disposal.

Some violations concern the disposal of ash and other byproducts generated in
power plant operations.

Others deal with handling of household garbage Lakeland Electric uses to
generate electricity.

Specific violations include the improper discharge of leachate -- a liquid that
seeps from household garbage, unauthorized pumping of coal sludge into the
landfill and the failure to properly document some of the waste substances that
have gone into the landfill.

They've led to some contamination of the groundwater beneath the landfill site,
said Bill Kutash, administrator of waste management section of DEP's southwest
district office in Tampa.

The extent is not yet known and will be determined by Lakeland Electric under
DEP supervision, said Merritt Mitchell, a DEP spokeswoman.

As part of the consent order, Lakeland Electric must monitor groundwater
conditions with additional wells and assess the level of contamination at the
site.

"We do have a groundwater problem," Kutash said. "We're trying to make sure (the
contamination) has not gone off property or into the deeper aquifer."

Lakeland Electric officials challenged that assertion slightly, saying existing
monitoring wells had detected "abnormalities" in the groundwater.

But they said they would not characterize that as contamination.

Additional monitoring wells will help determine what, if any, groundwater
contamination exits.

Whatever contamination there might be, Kutash said, there's no preliminary
indication that it has spread to nearby Lake Parker. And if there were, he said,
operations might have been shut down.

Nonetheless, Kutash said the $ 183,000 fine is larger than that typically handed
out by DEP.

"It's rare for (a consent order) to exceed $ 100,000," Kutash said.

Only about $ 3,000 of the fine is related to state investigative costs, Kutash
said.

The rest is punishment.

"It's mostly intended to be punitive. They did some things that they shouldn't
have," Kutash said.

The McIntosh Plant, located on the shores of Lake Parker, consists of seven
generating units, including one coal-fired unit, known as Unit 3.

The landfill was opened in 1981 to store waste created when Unit 3 started using
pulverized coal to fire its generator.

The consent order covers a series of incidents related to the landfill.

The city reported the first of the incidents -- a general mishandling of
industrial wastewater from the plant -- in 1997, according to the consent order.

That mishandling included periodic spills and pond overflows, Kutash said.

While DEP and Lakeland Electric were working on those issues, a June 2000
inspection of the site -- prompted in part by a citizen complaint, Kutash said
-- led to the discovery of more violations.

"Department personnel observed that leachate had discharged outside the solid
waste tipping area into a storm water swale and observed the pumping of liquid
sludge from the process wastewater ponds into the landfill," the consent order
states.

A second inspection, which took place in October, found that both practices had
halted.

The sludge in question is a byproduct -- consisting mostly of coal ash -- a
byproduct of the coal-fired plant's electricity generation process.

To dispose of the waste ash, Lakeland Electric turned much of it into a
cementlike substance that could be stored in the landfill.

But some of the waste ash -- in sludge form -- was occasionally pumped into the
landfill without treatment, with the intention that it would become encapsulated
in the harder material, according to DEP and city officials.

"(Encapsulation) was not improper in and of itself," said Jim Stanfield,
director of legislative and regulatory affairs for Lakeland Electric.

He said that a number of other utilities use a similar method.

But DEP found that Lakeland Electric had no authority in its operating agreement
with the state to use the procedure.

DEP has since allowed the encapsulation process to continue, Stanfield said,
with what he described as slight changes.

After DEP's 2000 revelations, Lakeland Electric started an audit of its waste
management practices in early 2001.

Hulbert said the June 13, 2000, inspection had no bearing on Lakeland Electric's
decision to pursue the audit.

"We did an audit because we wanted to do an audit as a good corporate citizen,"
Hulbert said. "It was not as a result of anything DEP did."

A total cost figure for the audit wasn't available Tuesday.

The audit found that the plant had "periodically" disposed of about 25 percent
of the ash produced by Unit 3 through encapsulation.

The audit also found that Lakeland Electric had, at times, failed to properly
account for what substances it had placed in its landfill.

How did that happen?

Hulbert, who took over the reins at Lakeland Electric in late 2000, well after
the DEP inspections, said measures always existed for tracking waste that went
into the landfill.

"They were always in place, but maybe they weren't the best practices," he said.

The audit will help assure that Lakeland Electric follows "best industry
practices" in the future.

"We've got processes in place," he said. "We know how to handle (the waste) from
point A to point B."

The consent order further ensures those best practices.

In addition to the fine, Lakeland Electric must employ a variety of plans to
better monitor waste streams into the landfill and aggressively monitor
groundwater quality.

Lakeland Electric has already drilled new monitoring wells.

Hulbert said the city-owned utility has fully cooperated with DEP and will
continue to do so.

"We run a very responsible operation," Hulbert said. "We're committed to
correcting the problems."

DEP officials agreed that Lakeland Electric and the city have been cooperative.

"The Department looks forward to the timely return of this facility to
compliance and appreciates the cooperative nature of Lakeland Electric during
the past nine months," said James F. Cleary, DEP's assistant director of the
Southwest District, in a written statement.

Billy Townsend can be reached at billy.townsend@theledger.com or 863-802-7540.

TOP POLK ENVIRONMENTAL FINES

This is a list of the companies in Polk County that have received the 10 highest
fines for environmental violations from state and federal environmental
agencies.
                      RANK
                         /COMPANY LOCATION   AMOUNT  YEAR    AGENCY
 1. Specialty
Environmental        Mulberry     $ 500,000  1998    EPA     Air quality
 2. Tampa
Electric Co.         Mulberry     333,100    2001    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 3. Lakeland
Electric             Lakeland     183,691    2001    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 4. Prime Palm
Partners             Haines City  173,500    1991    SJRWMD  Wetlands
 5. Jacquin/Florida
Distillers           Auburndale   170,000    1989    EPA     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 6. Callaway
& Son Drum           Lake Alfred  124,500    1996    DEP     Hazardous waste
 7. City of
Lakeland             Sewer dept.  110,000    1994    DEP     Sewer
 8. Mobil Mining &
Minerals             Nichols      101,445    1997    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 9. IMC Fertilizer   Mulberry     100,000    1993    COE     Wetlands
 10. Seminole
Fertilizer           Bartow       87,000     1990    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 10. Resource
Recovery of
America              Mulberry     87,000     1991    DEP     Hazardous waste

Key: DEP (Florida Department of Environmental Protection), SJRWMD (St. Johns
River Water Management District), EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, COE
(U.S. Army Corps of Engineers).

SOURCE: Ledger research


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARK WILLIAMS/The Ledger: Chart

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                          December 12, 2001, Wednesday

LAKELAND CAN AVOID THE FINE IF IT SPENDS AT LEAST $ 271,037 ON AN "IN-KIND"
PROJECT.; WASTE DISPOSAL VIOLATIONS; CITY FACES $ 183,000 IN FINES

BYLINE: BILLY TOWNSEND The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 2728 words


LAKELAND -- The city of Lakeland faces more than $ 183,000 in punitive fines and
a state mandate to tighten up oversight of waste disposal at Lakeland Electric's
McIntosh Power Plant landfill.

The fine is part of a newly reached settlement with the Florida Department of
Environmental Protection.

It is the third-largest fine ever issued by any environmental agency in Polk
County.

Lakeland can avoid the fine if it spends at least $ 271,037 on an "in-kind"
project -- approved and monitored by DEP -- to improve environmental conditions
either at the plant or elsewhere in the community.

Keith Hulbert, Lakeland Electric's general manager, said the city-owned utility
has not yet identified a specific project.

But he said that it would.

"We're going to find better use for the funds somewhere in the community than
paying a punitive fine to a regulatory agency," Hulbert said. "But my main focus
is not the fine. The fine is a byproduct of the process. The good news is we
have gone through the process and are proactively handling environmental issues
correctly today."

The settlement, known as a consent order, concerns a series of violations --
dating to 1997 -- that relate to the landfill at the McIntosh complex near Lake
Parker.

Some were discovered by DEP inspections of the facility.

And the city reported some of those violations itself after an audit of landfill
operations it commissioned early this year.

Each of the violations relates to waste disposal.

Some violations concern the disposal of ash and other byproducts generated in
power plant operations.

Others deal with handling of household garbage Lakeland Electric uses to
generate electricity.

Specific violations include the improper discharge of leachate -- a liquid that
seeps from household garbage, unauthorized pumping of coal sludge into the
landfill and the failure to properly document some of the waste substances that
have gone into the landfill.

They've led to some contamination of the groundwater beneath the landfill site,
said Bill Kutash, administrator of waste management section of DEP's southwest
district office in Tampa.

The extent is not yet known and will be determined by Lakeland Electric under
DEP supervision, said Merritt Mitchell, a DEP spokeswoman.

As part of the consent order, Lakeland Electric must monitor groundwater
conditions with additional wells and assess the level of contamination at the
site.

"We do have a groundwater problem," Kutash said. "We're trying to make sure (the
contamination) has not gone off property or into the deeper aquifer."

Lakeland Electric officials challenged that assertion slightly, saying existing
monitoring wells had detected "abnormalities" in the groundwater.

But they said they would not characterize that as contamination.

Additional monitoring wells will help determine what, if any, groundwater
contamination exits.

Whatever contamination there might be, Kutash said, there's no preliminary
indication that it has spread to nearby Lake Parker. And if there were, he said,
operations might have been shut down.

Nonetheless, Kutash said the $ 183,000 fine is larger than that typically handed
out by DEP.

"It's rare for (a consent order) to exceed $ 100,000," Kutash said.

Only about $ 3,000 of the fine is related to state investigative costs, Kutash
said.

The rest is punishment.

"It's mostly intended to be punitive. They did some things that they shouldn't
have," Kutash said.

The McIntosh Plant, located on the shores of Lake Parker, consists of seven
generating units, including one coal-fired unit, known as Unit 3.

The landfill was opened in 1981 to store waste created when Unit 3 started using
pulverized coal to fire its generator.

The consent order covers a series of incidents related to the landfill.

The city reported the first of the incidents -- a general mishandling of
industrial wastewater from the plant -- in 1997, according to the consent order.

That mishandling included periodic spills and pond overflows, Kutash said.

While DEP and Lakeland Electric were working on those issues, a June 2000
inspection of the site -- prompted in part by a citizen complaint, Kutash said
-- led to the discovery of more violations.

"Department personnel observed that leachate had discharged outside the solid
waste tipping area into a storm water swale and observed the pumping of liquid
sludge from the process wastewater ponds into the landfill," the consent order
states.

A second inspection, which took place in October, found that both practices had
halted.

The sludge in question is a byproduct -- consisting mostly of coal ash -- a
byproduct of the coal-fired plant's electricity generation process.

To dispose of the waste ash, Lakeland Electric turned much of it into a
cementlike substance that could be stored in the landfill.

But some of the waste ash -- in sludge form -- was occasionally pumped into the
landfill without treatment, with the intention that it would become encapsulated
in the harder material, according to DEP and city officials.

"(Encapsulation) was not improper in and of itself," said Jim Stanfield,
director of legislative and regulatory affairs for Lakeland Electric.

He said that a number of other utilities use a similar method.

But DEP found that Lakeland Electric had no authority in its operating agreement
with the state to use the procedure.

DEP has since allowed the encapsulation process to continue, Stanfield said,
with what he described as slight changes.

After DEP's 2000 revelations, Lakeland Electric started an audit of its waste
management practices in early 2001.

Hulbert said the June 13, 2000, inspection had no bearing on Lakeland Electric's
decision to pursue the audit.

"We did an audit because we wanted to do an audit as a good corporate citizen,"
Hulbert said. "It was not as a result of anything DEP did."

A total cost figure for the audit wasn't available Tuesday.

The audit found that the plant had "periodically" disposed of about 25 percent
of the ash produced by Unit 3 through encapsulation.

The audit also found that Lakeland Electric had, at times, failed to properly
account for what substances it had placed in its landfill.

How did that happen?

Hulbert, who took over the reins at Lakeland Electric in late 2000, well after
the DEP inspections, said measures always existed for tracking waste that went
into the landfill.

"They were always in place, but maybe they weren't the best practices," he said.

The audit will help assure that Lakeland Electric follows "best industry
practices" in the future.

"We've got processes in place," he said. "We know how to handle (the waste) from
point A to point B."

The consent order further ensures those best practices.

In addition to the fine, Lakeland Electric must employ a variety of plans to
better monitor waste streams into the landfill and aggressively monitor
groundwater quality.

Lakeland Electric has already drilled new monitoring wells.

Hulbert said the city-owned utility has fully cooperated with DEP and will
continue to do so.

"We run a very responsible operation," Hulbert said. "We're committed to
correcting the problems."

DEP officials agreed that Lakeland Electric and the city have been cooperative.

"The Department looks forward to the timely return of this facility to
compliance and appreciates the cooperative nature of Lakeland Electric during
the past nine months," said James F. Cleary, DEP's assistant director of the
Southwest District, in a written statement.

Billy Townsend can be reached at billy.townsend@theledger.com or 863-802-7540.

TOP POLK ENVIRONMENTAL FINES

This is a list of the companies in Polk County that have received the 10 highest
fines for environmental violations from state and federal environmental
agencies.
                      RANK
                         /COMPANY LOCATION   AMOUNT  YEAR    AGENCY
 1. Specialty
Environmental        Mulberry     $ 500,000  1998    EPA     Air quality
 2. Tampa
Electric Co.         Mulberry     333,100    2001    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 3. Lakeland
Electric             Lakeland     183,691    2001    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 4. Prime Palm
Partners             Haines City  173,500    1991    SJRWMD  Wetlands
 5. Jacquin/Florida
Distillers           Auburndale   170,000    1989    EPA     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 6. Callaway
& Son Drum           Lake Alfred  124,500    1996    DEP     Hazardous waste
 7. City of
Lakeland             Sewer dept.  110,000    1994    DEP     Sewer
 8. Mobil Mining &
Minerals             Nichols      101,445    1997    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 9. IMC Fertilizer   Mulberry     100,000    1993    COE     Wetlands
 10. Seminole
Fertilizer           Bartow       87,000     1990    DEP     Industrial
                                                                        waste
 10. Resource
Recovery of
America              Mulberry     87,000     1991    DEP     Hazardous waste

Key: DEP (Florida Department of Environmental Protection), SJRWMD (St. Johns
River Water Management District), EPA (U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, COE
(U.S. Army Corps of Engineers).

SOURCE: Ledger research


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARK WILLIAMS/The Ledger: Chart

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

Election head: Vote surge unlikely

BYLINE: NC Vance Merton; The Associated Press; DURHAM   It s unlikely Gov. Pat
McCrory will find the surge of extra votes in heavily Democratic Durham County
the Republican needs to reverse Attorney General Roy Cooper s statewide lead and
win re-election, the county s GOP elections board chairman said Tuesday. McCrory
s campaign has filed a formal protest over the 94,000 votes cast during early
balloting that weren t reported until late on election night after an equipment
failure. A GOP lawyer is expected to present evidence of Election Day wrongful
or illegal conduct to the Durham elections board on Wednesday backing the
governor s demand for a quick, manual recount. The equipment glitch forced a
tedious process of manually entering the early ballots late on Nov. 8, and
mistakes were possible, county elections board head William Brian Jr. said at a
news conference. But multiple elections officials were watching as the results
were tallied and spot-checks also were performed that night, he said. Durham
County voted heavily for Democrat Roy Cooper both before and during Election
Day, Brian said.  There was no wildly disharmonious result,  Brian said.  If the
returns had been reported at 7:30 (p.m. when polls closed), they would have been
the same numbers as were reported at 11:30. It just took us that long to input
them into the machines. There s nothing the least bit odd about any of it.  The
focus on Durham County s votes is likely to sharpen as McCrory and Cooper
continue waging their too-close-to-call contest. Cooper led Tuesday in
unofficial results by about 5,000 votes out of more than 4.5 million cast. In
the background is the fact that North Carolina s top criminal investigations
agency two weeks ago began looking into whether there was wrongdoing in last
spring s primary election in the county. The State Bureau of Investigation is
investigating whether crimes were committed in the mishandling of more than
1,000 provisional ballots in March. Some may have been counted twice and
election officials presented the vote count as true when it was wrong, according
to an interim report presented to the state elections board in May. The miscount
didn t affect the primary s outcome. Brian blamed the March problems on a  rogue
employee having messed with the ballots.  He bristled about suggestions by a
Wake County Superior Court judge last week and McCrory partisans this week that
Durham County has a history of mishandled elections.  There has been some loose
language that s been used by some of the people who have a stake in the outcome
of the election,  Brian said.  We have seen no evidence whatsoever that there
has been any inaccuracy or problem with the early returns that were reported on
Election Day.  Gerry Cohen, a Raleigh attorney who formerly advised state
General Assembly leaders, expects Republicans will get their wish for a manual
recount of Durham County s 94,000 early ballots. But the McCrory-Cooper race
still likely has twists ahead since thousands of absentee ballots favoring
Republicans   and provisional ballots that favor Democrats   have yet to be
counted, Cohen said.  We re setting the stage for a long process,  he said. That
process could involve appeals, lawsuits and even, ultimately, the
Republican-dominated General Assembly deciding the next governor. That happened
in 2004, when the election for state schools superintendent was settled by state
lawmakers. The Democratic-led Legislature chose Democrat June Atkinson the
following August. The race had been marred by about 4,400 lost ballots from
Carteret County and a legal battle over whether out-of-precinct votes should be
counted. The Legislature s GOP majority may favor McCrory in that scenario, but
to do that, you have to have some factual allegations,  Cohen said.  Whether or
not he could take it to the Legislature depends on, several weeks from now, what
issues remain.

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 644 words


DURHAM   It s unlikely Gov. Pat McCrory will find the surge of extra votes in
heavily Democratic Durham County the Republican needs to reverse Attorney
General Roy Cooper s statewide lead and win re-election, the county s GOP
elections board chairman said Tuesday. McCrory s campaign has filed a formal
protest over the 94,000 votes cast during early balloting that weren t reported
until late on election night after an equipment failure. A GOP lawyer is
expected to present evidence of Election Day wrongful or illegal conduct to the
Durham elections board on Wednesday backing the governor s demand for a quick,
manual recount.

The equipment glitch forced a tedious process of manually entering the early
ballots late on Nov. 8, and mistakes were possible, county elections board head
William Brian Jr. said at a news conference. But multiple elections officials
were watching as the results were tallied and spot-checks also were performed
that night, he said. Durham County voted heavily for Democrat Roy Cooper both
before and during Election Day, Brian said.  There was no wildly disharmonious
result,  Brian said.  If the returns had been reported at 7:30 (p.m. when polls
closed), they would have been the same numbers as were reported at 11:30. It
just took us that long to input them into the machines. There s nothing the
least bit odd about any of it.  The focus on Durham County s votes is likely to
sharpen as McCrory and Cooper continue waging their too-close-to-call contest.
Cooper led Tuesday in unofficial results by about 5,000 votes out of more than
4.5 million cast. In the background is the fact that North Carolina s top
criminal investigations agency two weeks ago began looking into whether there
was wrongdoing in last spring s primary election in the county. The State Bureau
of Investigation is investigating whether crimes were committed in the
mishandling of more than 1,000 provisional ballots in March. Some may have been
counted twice and election officials presented the vote count as true when it
was wrong, according to an interim report presented to the state elections board
in May. The miscount didn t affect the primary s outcome. Brian blamed the March
problems on a  rogue employee having messed with the ballots.  He bristled about
suggestions by a Wake County Superior Court judge last week and McCrory
partisans this week that Durham County has a history of mishandled elections.
There has been some loose language that s been used by some of the people who
have a stake in the outcome of the election,  Brian said.  We have seen no
evidence whatsoever that there has been any inaccuracy or problem with the early
returns that were reported on Election Day.  Gerry Cohen, a Raleigh attorney who
formerly advised state General Assembly leaders, expects Republicans will get
their wish for a manual recount of Durham County s 94,000 early ballots. But the
McCrory-Cooper race still likely has twists ahead since thousands of absentee
ballots favoring Republicans   and provisional ballots that favor Democrats
have yet to be counted, Cohen said.  We re setting the stage for a long process,
he said. That process could involve appeals, lawsuits and even, ultimately, the
Republican-dominated General Assembly deciding the next governor. That happened
in 2004, when the election for state schools superintendent was settled by state
lawmakers. The Democratic-led Legislature chose Democrat June Atkinson the
following August. The race had been marred by about 4,400 lost ballots from
Carteret County and a legal battle over whether out-of-precinct votes should be
counted. The Legislature s GOP majority may favor McCrory in that scenario, but
to do that, you have to have some factual allegations,  Cohen said.  Whether or
not he could take it to the Legislature depends on, several weeks from now, what
issues remain.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                January 31, 1995

Police corrupted evidence, claims Simpson's lawyer

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 448 words


Los Angeles, Monday

THE chief lawyer of O J Simpson today claimed police "contaminated, compromised,
and corrupted" crucial evidence against the former footballer turned film actor
who is charged with two murders.

Lawyer Johnnie Cochran made the laims only moments after Judge Lance Ito
reprimanded him for breaking the law by withholding the names of key defence
witnesses from the prosecution.

After Ito told the jury to ignore Cochran's comments last week about six new
witnesses, Cochran made a scathing attack on what he called police mishandling
of the evidence.

Simpson denies killing his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron
Goldman, last June.

Cochran painted a portrait of comic "Keystone Kops" sloshing through the blood
of the victims, failing to call the right experts to the scene, failing to
protect the evidence, and ignoring Simpson's basic rights.

Cochran said the police were so lax in handling evidence that vital DNA blood
samples were spread around "without anyone knowing what was happening" and so
many people were given access to Simpson's white Ford Bronco that police wound
up analysing their own coffee spills.

Prosecutors claim that DNA tests showed Simpson's blood and blood from the
murder victims were found in the car.

Before Cochran addressed the Los Angeles jury today, Judge Ito reprimanded him
for naming 14 witnesses last week the prosecution had not previously been told
about.

However, Cochran said in his opening statement: "We think that the evidence will
show that the murder scene was tracked on, traipsed on, a complete disaster. The
evidence will be shown to be contaminated, compromised, and corrupted."

He said police at the scene failed to call the coroner's office until six hours
after the bodies were discovered. It then took the coronor's office about four
more hours to get to the scene and remove them.

He hinted that a key detective, Mark Fuhrman, might have planted evidence -- a
bloody glove found on the Simpson estate that matched one at the crime scene --
and directly accused him of ignoring a witness statement that might have thrown
suspicion elsewhere.

He said that nowhere in the case would the jury find the mishandling of the
evidence stronger than in the police handing of the DNA evidence, which is
crucial in the absence of a murder weapon or witness.

"If the evidence was mishandled at the scene, it doesn't matter what the tests
show," he said. "These small, minuscule amounts of DNA are very easy to spread
around. They can be moved from one place to another without anyone knowing what
is happening. This is how you get contamination."--AP

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1995 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 19, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

How Dubious Evidence Spurred Relentless Guantanamo Spy Hunt

BYLINE: By TIM GOLDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Column 1; National Desk; LOYALTIES AND SUSPICIONS: The
Muslim Servicemen; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 3430 words


Capt. Theodore C. Polet Sr., an Army counterintelligence officer at the
detention camp for terrorism suspects at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, had just begun
investigating a report of suspicious behavior by a Muslim chaplain at the prison
last year when he received what he thought was alarming new information.

The F.B.I. had found that a car belonging to the chaplain, Capt. James J. Yee,
had been spotted twice outside the home of a Muslim activist in the Seattle area
who, years earlier, had been a host for a visit from Omar Abdel Rahman, the
militant Egyptian cleric convicted in a 1993 plot to blow up various New York
landmarks.

Although it was unclear what the activist had done or whether Captain Yee even
knew him, Captain Polet took the report to the Guantanamo commander, Maj. Gen.
Geoffrey D. Miller, and laid it out in stark terms.

''I said we had found something that connected Yee with a known terrorist
supporter in Washington State, and at that point, he got very upset,'' Captain
Polet said, noting that General Miller's ears turned red with anger. ''This
became far more serious than a basic security violation. The case was going to
get bigger.''

In fact, documents and interviews show that the case grew much bigger than has
been publicly disclosed, spinning into a web of counterintelligence
investigations that eventually involved more than a dozen suspects, a handful of
military and civilian agencies and numerous agents in the United States and
overseas.

Within less than a year, however, the investigations into espionage and aiding
the enemy grew into a major source of embarrassment for the Pentagon, as the
prosecutions of Captain Yee and another Muslim serviceman at the base, Airman
Ahmad I. Al Halabi, unraveled dramatically.

Even now, Defense Department officials refuse to explain in detail how the
investigations originated and what drove them forward in the face of questions
about much of the evidence. Military officials involved in the case have
defended their actions, emphasizing that some of the inquiries continue.

But confidential government documents, court files and interviews show that the
investigations drew significantly on questionable evidence and disparate bits of
information that, like the car report, linked Captain Yee tenuously to people
suspected of being Muslim militants in the United States and abroad.

Officials familiar with the inquiries said they also fed on petty personal
conflicts: antipathy between some Muslim and non-Muslim troops at Guantanamo,
rivalries between Christian and Muslim translators, even the complaint of an old
boss who saw Airman Al Halabi as a shirker.

The military's aggressive approach to the investigation was established at the
outset by General Miller, the hard-charging Guantanamo commander. Along the way,
some investigators and prosecutors suggested that the job of ferreting out spies
at the base had put them, too, on the front lines of the fight against
terrorism.

Perhaps the most aggressive was the lead Air Force investigator in the case of
Airman Al Halabi, Lance R. Wega, a probationary agent who took over the inquiry
after barely a month on the job. While he was later commended by superiors and
rewarded with a $1,986 bonus, testimony showed that Agent Wega had mishandled
important evidence.

Ultimately, Air Force prosecutors could not substantiate a vast majority of the
charges they brought against Airman Al Halabi, a translator at Guantanamo, who
had faced the death penalty. He pleaded guilty in September to four relatively
minor charges of mishandling classified documents, taking two forbidden
photographs of a guard tower and lying to investigators about the snapshots. He
was sentenced to the 10 months imprisonment he had already served, and is
appealing a bad-conduct discharge.

Captain Yee, 36, a West Point graduate from Springfield, N.J., was held for 76
days in solitary confinement, charged with six criminal counts of mishandling
classified information and suspected of leading a ring of subversive Muslim
servicemen. He was found guilty only of noncriminal charges of adultery and
downloading Internet pornography. That conviction was set aside in April, and
his punishment was waived.

Another Guantanamo interpreter, and sometime interrogator, Ahmed F. Mehalba, has
been jailed since September 2003 on federal charges that he lied to
investigators who found that at least two classified documents on a compact disc
he had taken with him on a trip to visit relatives in Egypt. He has pleaded not
guilty.

Coloring much of the episode, interviews and documents indicate, were simmering
tensions over the military's treatment of the roughly 660 foreign men who were
then held at Guantanamo without charge.

''Lots of the guards saw us as some sort of sympathizers with the detainees,''
Airman Al Halabi recalled in one of several interviews. ''We heard it many
times: 'detainee-lovers,' or 'sympathizers.' They called us 'sand niggers.'''

Airman Al Halabi, who came to the United States at 16 after growing up in
poverty in his native Syria, has emphasized his loyalty as a naturalized
American citizen. While insisting that he was careful not to share his views
with anyone but close friends at Guantanamo, he said he was one of many
servicemen and translators there who were uncomfortable with the way the
detainees were treated.

''I did disagree with what was going on,'' he said. ''These people had been
there forever and were blocked from the legal system. This country stands for
justice and human rights, and there we were at Guantanamo doing none of that.''

Chaplains Under Scrutiny

 The conflicts between Muslim and non-Muslim servicemen and the suspicions of
improper relationships with the detainees by Muslim chaplains had taken root at
Guantanamo well before Captain Yee arrived there in November 2002, officials
said.

''Every one of the chaplains was accused of something while I was there,'' said
Brig. Gen. Rick Baccus, a former military police commander at the base,
dismissing the suspicions as unfounded.

''They were always under suspicion by the interrogators, because they were
interacting with the detainees and giving them Korans,'' General Baccus said in
an interview. ''The M.P.'s suspected them all the time, too. They just didn't
like the chaplains going around talking to the detainees.''

One chaplain who served under General Baccus, Lt. Abuhena Saiful Islam of the
Navy, was accused by interrogators of sending messages from several detainees
back to their families overseas. The allegations prompted a formal investigation
by the Naval Criminal Intelligence Service.

According to three officials familiar with the inquiry, it turned up no evidence
of any wrongdoing by the chaplain. Rather, they said, the case reflected the
depth of suspicion among the guards and the need for a clearer understanding of
the chaplains' role in dealing with the detainees. (A spokeswoman for the
Norfolk Naval Station, where Lieutenant Saiful Islam is now based, said the
chaplain had no comment.)

General Miller, who assumed command on Nov. 4, 2002, placed a premium on
clarifying the responsibilities of those serving beneath him.

Captain Yee, a Muslim convert who had studied Islam in Syria in the late 1990's,
arrived a short time later. He was assigned to advise senior officers on
religious questions regarding the detainees, provide detainees with Korans and
prayer beads and oversee the distribution of reading materials as part of an
effort to limit the radicalization of the prisoners. Officers said Captain Yee
was shunned as a traitor by some of the detainees, but cultivated relationships
with others in what he described as an attempt to reduce tensions.

Soon, however, the chaplain's presence became a source of discomfort for some of
his colleagues, most notably Capt. Jason B. Orlich, a 33-year-old former
schoolteacher who had taken over as the intelligence officer for the guard force
at Camp Delta, the main Guantanamo detention center.

In one of several sworn statements of his filed in the Al Halabi investigation,
Captain Orlich complained that Muslim soldiers and contract linguists would come
into the building where he worked each day to pray, often loudly, ''while
non-Muslims were performing their duties.''

''They were fervent in their beliefs and encouraged other Muslims to participate
in their religious activities,'' he said in another statement, referring to
Captain Yee, Airman Al Halabi and two of their friends, Capt. Tariq O. Hashim
and Petty Officer Samir Hejab. ''A lot of their religious beliefs mirrored those
of the detainees.''

The tensions reached a climax in late March or early April 2003, several
officers said, after Captain Yee questioned assertions made by Captain Orlich
during a briefing for interrogators and others about the behavior of the Camp
Delta prisoners.

According to one investigator involved in the case, Captain Orlich filed a sworn
statement to the counterintelligence group on what he considered the chaplain's
improper participation at the briefing. Based on Captain Orlich's complaint,
officers said, Captain Yee was barred from attending further intelligence
briefings. The half-dozen officers of the counterintelligence group also began
to more closely scrutinize the chaplain's activities and take note of the
grumbling against him.

''I was very methodical in making sure this was not just a personality
conflict,'' Captain Polet said in an interview. ''From a counterintelligence
standpoint, there was nothing to act on. But we made a conscious decision to
monitor it.''

According to investigators and prosecutors, some of the primary accusations
against Captain Yee echoed those that had been made earlier against Lieutenant
Saiful Islam: that he spent an inordinate amount of time speaking with the
detainees, took frequent notes during those conversations and seemed to some
guards overly sympathetic with the prisoners' plight.

There was also an argument -- often made by Captain Orlich -- that Captain Yee
and some members of his small Muslim prayer group at Guantanamo constituted a
suspicious fellowship of servicemen who appeared to sympathize with the
detainees and question some of the government's counterterrorism policies.

''There was a concern that there was, like, a clique of people who would go off
and spend time away from the unit and were not as supportive of the mission as
they ought to be,'' said the chief Air Force prosecutor in the Al Halabi case,
Lt. Col. Bryan T. Wheeler. ''If people want to have a prayer group, that's
great. If, on the other hand, you have people complaining about the treatment
people are receiving, there are ways to do that. Subverting the mission is not
the way to do it.''

Over the course of 2002, the handling of the Guantanamo detainees had been
criticized in briefings and memorandums by many of those who served there:
General Baccus, his counterpart for intelligence, Maj. Gen. Michael E. Dunlavey,
a chief of the C.I.A. field group on the base, the military's criminal
investigators, senior F.B.I. agents and others.

But according to many officers, General Miller ran a tighter operation. Morale
improved, they said, but with that came an atmosphere in which criticism of the
detainees' treatment was tacitly discouraged.

''People were definitely careful about expressing their opinions,'' said one
Guantanamo veteran who knew Captain Yee and Airman Al Halabi. ''But a lot of us
felt some sympathy for some of the detainees. A lot of those guys were low-level
or no-level. They were not terrorists.''

Developing a Case

 The case against Captain Yee turned, several officers said, after Captain
Orlich returned to the counterintelligence office at the base in April 2003 with
one of the contract Arabic interpreters who had what several people described as
a frosty relationship with Captain Yee and his friends.

The officers said the interpreter reported overhearing the chaplain speaking in
Arabic to a detainee at the base hospital, mocking a psychological-operations
posters intended to encourage the detainees' cooperation with interrogators.

This time, the counterintelligence unit responded more quickly, filing a basic
report of suspected espionage or subversion to the 470th Military Intelligence
Group in Puerto Rico.

The intelligence officials in Puerto Rico responded in early May, two officers
said, dismissing the allegation and instructing the Guantanamo office to drop
the matter. But Captain Polet, then the head of Guantanamo's counterintelligence
unit, remained concerned. He rewrote what was basically the same report,
officials said, and forwarded it to a higher-level authority, the Army Central
Control Office.

While Captain Polet's unit awaited a response, one of its agents sent the Social
Security numbers for Captains Yee and Hashim, Airman Al Halabi and Petty Officer
Hejab to a friend at the F.B.I., two military officers said. The friend called
back to report that a computer search turned up the report of the chaplain's car
having been observed at the home of the activist in the Seattle area -- once
while Captain Yee was at Guantanamo, and once while he was believed to be
stationed at Fort Lewis, just south of Tacoma.

By the time the Army control office authorized a preliminary investigation,
General Miller had been briefed on the F.B.I. information and had ordered
Captain Polet to investigate thoroughly. ''Exonerate this man or bring him to
justice,'' two officers quoted him as saying of Captain Yee. ''Whatever support
you need to conduct this investigation, you will have.'' A spokesman said
General Miller would not comment.

In mid-June, General Miller was also briefed on the Al Halabi case by Agent
Wega, who had been sent to Guantanamo from Travis Air Force Base in northern
California to investigate.

As with Captain Yee, the initial conduit for accusations of wrongdoing was
Captain Orlich. He had discovered the disposable camera with which Airman Al
Halabi had photographed the guard tower, and he learned that Airman Al Halabi
had come under investigation at Travis for supposedly plugging his laptop into a
government network. Captain Orlich had also sent two subordinates to confiscate
a box of photocopied documents from the library where Airman Al Halabi worked
under Captain Yee, on the suspicion that the two men were distributing radical
literature to the detainees.

''Who's to say what it was,'' Second Lt. Victor Ray Wheeler, one of the people
who retrieved the documents, said in an interview. ''But it could have been
reinforcing fanatical beliefs of the detainees.''

The concerns about the documents later proved unfounded. But two searches of
Airman Al Halabi's Guantanamo dorm room by Agent Wega turned up some the letters
from detainees that the airman routinely translated in his primary job as a
linguist. Agent Wega also surreptitiously copied the hard drive of Airman Al
Halabi's laptop, and later found a letter from the Syrian Embassy authorizing
him to enter the country.

For months, Airman Al Halabi had been telling co-workers he was preparing to
travel to Damascus to marry his Syrian fiancee, a family friend. But the
investigators suspected something more ominous.

When Agent Wega detained Airman Al Halabi as he returned from Guantanamo on July
23, 2003, he found computer files containing 186 detainee letters he had
translated -- all of which, he said, Captain Orlich had told him were
classified. Rather than keep him at Travis while the investigation continued,
Air Force commanders ordered Airman Al Halabi's immediate arrest and Air Force
prosecutors got to work.

Airman Al Halabi soon faced 30 different charges, including attempted espionage,
aiding the enemy and bank fraud. But many of the accusations began to dissolve
almost as quickly.

The Prosecution Unravels

 One charge of aiding the enemy was based on the second-hand claim that Airman
Al Halabi had boasted of distributing baklava pastries to the detainees. It was
soon determined, however, that he had been on a mission in Afghanistan when the
sweets arrived at Guantanamo by mail, and that they had been consumed by other
translators before he returned.

Another accusation, that he distributed radical literature to the detainees, was
based on an erroneous translation of an Islamic symbol in Ottoman-style
calligraphy. The bank-fraud charge collapsed after the government found that
bank and credit card companies had simply misspelled Airman Al Halabi's name on
some of his cards.

But defense lawyers also protested that the prosecutors withheld some crucial
evidence that undermined their case.

One of the prosecutors' most important assertions was that a computer analysis
showed that some detainee letters had been e-mailed from Airman Al Halabi's
laptop, possibly overseas. Months after that claim was quietly dropped, the
defense learned that early on, a computer expert had told the government that it
was not clear the documents had been e-mailed at all.

Airman Al Halabi's lawyers also made a charge of misconduct after a government
translator contacted them to say that one of the prosecutors, Capt. Dennis Kaw,
had discouraged her from alerting the court when she found a mistake in her
translation of the Syrian government's letter. Captain Kaw had insisted, rather
improbably, that the Syrian government had given Airman Al Halabi permission in
the letter to travel not only to Syria but also to Qatar; instead, the relevant
word meant ''the homeland.''

The translator, Staff Sgt. Suzan Sultan, also disclosed that Agent Wega and
other investigators had celebrated with beer as they examined a package that
Airman Al Halabi had sent home with the documents later used to convict him on
minor charges. The agents later taped up the box, put on gloves and photographed
their steps as they reopened it, she testified.

''This is not the way our system of justice is set up,'' said one of the defense
lawyers, Maj. James E. Key III. ''You are supposed to investigate, and then
charge. The system is premised on the idea that men and women who serve should
not be subjected to these kinds of baseless allegations.''

In the case of Captain Yee, Army investigators also operated on the mistaken
belief that the names and identity numbers of Guantanamo detainees, which were
found in notebooks that the chaplain carried with him when he went on leave,
were classified.

But their suspicions were also raised by information from the F.B.I. and other
sources that suggested possible connections between Captain Yee and Islamic
militants.

A Dec. 30, 2003, memo by the F.B.I. counterterrorism analysis section asserted
that the Abu Nour Institute in Syria, where Captain Yee had studied Islam, ''may
be an international center of Islamic terrorism,'' according to a document
reviewed by The New York Times.

But the memorandum based that claim primarily on the activities of a few
unrelated persons and it noted that ''the exact nature of terrorist activity or
training'' at the center was ''currently unclear.'' (Officials of the institute,
which is known for teaching a moderate brand of Sufi Islam and is affiliated
with the Syrian government, have denied that it supports terrorism.)

According to another F.B.I. document, a search of Captain Yee's home in Seattle
also turned up notations linking him to two men already in the bureau's sights:
the assistant imam of an Islamic center in Baltimore and another Baltimore man
Captain Yee knew who belonged to the Nation of Islam. Military investigators
said the F.B.I. also raised questions about some Muslims whom Captain Yee had
met in Germany around the time he converted to Islam in 1991.

One F.B.I. official familiar with the Yee and Al Halabi cases suggested that the
agency had merely assisted military investigators but had not endorsed their
approach. But two military investigators said that the F.B.I. played a far
greater role, and that information it provided had bolstered the notion that the
two servicemen might be involved in subversive activities.

A lawyer for Captain Yee, Eugene R. Fidell, had no comment on the F.B.I.
information. But he sharply criticized the prosecution of his client.

''What happened to Chaplain Yee was a grave miscarriage of justice,'' he said.
''The career and personal life of a loyal American officer has been turned
inside out, and he's not the only victim. This case has proven to be a
self-inflicted wound for the military justice system.''

Captain Yee declined a request to be interviewed. He is to leave the military on
Jan. 7, with an honorable discharge.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The prosecution of Airman Ahmad I. Al Halabi, above, on charges
of espionage and aiding the enemy while at the Guantanamo Bay detention center
unraveled. Lt. Col. Bryan T. Wheeler, below, was the Air Force's chief
prosecutor on the case. (Photographs by Peter DaSilva for The New York Times)
Maj. Gen. Geoffrey D. Miller, the former commander of the Guantanamo Bay
detention center in Cuba, established an aggressive approach to prosecutions.
(Photo by Pool photo by Khampha Bouaphanh)
 The pursuit of Capt. James J. Yee, above, was largely based on questionable
evidence, and complaints by Capt. Jason B. Orlich, left. (Photo by Erik S.
Lesser/Getty Images)(pg. 28)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           December 16, 2004 Thursday

THS, St. Joe ice opponents

BYLINE: Matt Martinelli, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: SPORTS HEADLINES

LENGTH: 746 words

DATELINE: PITTSFIELD


http://media.mnginteractive.com

There was something about the second stanza last night for the two high school
hockey teams from Pittsfield.

Taconic scored six times in the second period en route to a 9-3 victory over
Palmer at the Pittsfield Boys' and Girls' Club. In the second game of the
doubleheader, St. Joseph's scored five unanswered goals during an eight-minute
span in the second period to erase a 2-1 first- period deficit and defeated
Chicopee Comp. 7-4.

Taconic's six-goal outburst included a pair of goals by Brian Barber that came
within less than a minute of each other. It also included a goal from Nick
Messana, who finished the night with three goals for the third hat trick of his
high school career.

Brett Maloy had 20 saves in net for the Braves as coach Dan Kearns began what
may end up turning into a platoon with Gary Leach.

The second period scoring began with Everett Kordana sailing a puck into the top
of the net over Palmer goalie Jon Lacroix [30 saves] who was lying flat on the
ground after making a save. The goal gave the Braves a 3-2 lead 1:55 into the
second period, a lead they would never relinquish.

After a goal by Casey Gifford upped the lead to 4-2, Messana skated around
Palmer's Jim Daley along the right boards and sent the puck into the net with
ease.

The first of Barber's two came when he got the puck right in front of the net on
a pass from Kordana and knocked it into the bottom left corner to give the
Braves a 6-2 lead at the 9:48 mark of the period.

Just 55 seconds later, Barber knocked the puck loose from a Palmer player at the
blue line and gathered it into his control before sliding it through Lacroix's
legs for the 7-2 lead.

Taconic wasn't through with its second period scoring until Kevin O'Brien
tallied a goal on a rebound with 18 seconds to play in the period to give the
Braves an 8-2 lead.

The six-goal second period answered the question Kearns asked his team after the
first period when they squandered a 2-0 lead into a 2-2 tie.

"I told the kids, 'I want to see what kind of team you guys are. Are you going
to fold, or are you going to take it in the other direction?'" Kearns said.
"They stepped it up and took care of the business in front of them."

The Braves were able to dominate with their offense because Palmer had trouble
all game clearing the puck out of Taconic's offensive zone.

"Our goals came off a lot of mishandling by the other team and some strong
offensive play from us to help keep the puck in the zone," Messana said.

Messana, who along with Justin Mitchell provided the scoring in the first period
for Taconic, scored the lone goal of the third period when he took advantage of
Palmer's mishandling. He scooped up the puck and skated past a Palmer defender
to net the final goal of the game and complete his hat trick.

Henault shines for St. Joe

St. Joe's Jack Henault wasn't to be outdone by Messana's performance in the
first game. Henault scored a hat trick of his own in the second game and added a
fourth goal for good measure in the Crusaders' 7-4 win.

Henault scored a goal in each period, but his first period goal wasn't enough to
give the Crusaders a lead after the first period. The goal came when Henault
weaved his way from the blue line to the net and slid the puck through Chicopee
Comp. goalie Jayson LaFluer's legs to tie the game at one with 2:35 to play in
the period.

Chicopee Comp. answered when Kevin Waller picked off a St. Joe's pass and took
it in for a shorthanded breakaway goal with 39 seconds left in the period that
gave the Colts a 2-1 lead.

The Crusaders tied it up 2:21 into the second period when Tim Burns knocked in a
loose puck that was left in front of the net. Dan Wheeler put St. Joe's up for
good 32 seconds later when he skated up the middle of the Chicopee Comp. defense
and potted a slapshot from 10 feet out.

Henault added two power-play goals in the period and Alex Hansen had a goal on a
one-timer from the blue line along with three assists.

Henault's third period goal gave St. Joe's a 7-2 lead before the Colts added two
goals in the final nine minutes of the game.

The action in the second period was more than just goal scoring. Both sides were
whistled for seven minor penalties each during the period. For the night
Chicopee amassed 14 minors and St. Joe's totaled 11 penalties. Chicopee Comp.'s
Wade Eckert and St. Joe's Mark Cebula each had enough penalties to warrant
ejections from the game.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Taconic High's Kevin O'Brien puts a shot on goal during the second
period of last night's game at the Pittsfield Boys' and Girls' Club rink. Making
the stop on this attempt was Palmer goalie Jon Lacroix. O'Brien may have been
stopped on this shot, but did score in the middle stanza to help the Braves post
a 9-3 victory. Taconic, which is in a co-op agreement this year with Pittsfield
High, is now 2-0 on the campaign. Photo: Caroline Bonnivier / Berkshire Eagle
Staff

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      December 4, 2016 Sunday 7:00 PM GMT

Trump foreign policy faces scrutiny as team defends Taiwan phone call;
Vice-President-elect Mike Pence tries to limit damage on Sunday talkshows as
senior aide Kellyanne Conway says secretary of state shortlist is 'expanding'

BYLINE: David Smith in Washington

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1187 words


Confidence in Donald Trump's approach to foreign relations was shaken further on
Sunday, as his transition team denied a new US policy on Taiwan and suggested he
has altered his shortlist for secretary of state.

Related:  'Putting lipstick on a pig': experts on why Obama is lending Donald
Trump a hand

Trump's 10-minute phone conversation on Friday with Tsai Ing-wen - thought to be
the first time a US president or president-elect has spoken to a Taiwanese
leader since 1979 - and subsequent reference to Tsai as "president" risked a
diplomatic rift with China and implied he might be making up policy on the hoof.

In damage-control mode on Sunday, Mike Pence, the vice-president-elect, repeated
the use of the word "president" and sought to dismiss the row as "a tempest in a
teapot", contrasting it with Barack Obama's rapprochement with communist Cuba.

"He received a courtesy call from the democratically elected president of
Taiwan," Pence told ABC's This Week. "They reached out to offer congratulations
as leaders around the world have and he took the call, accepted her
congratulations and good wishes and it was precisely that."

Later, in an interview on NBC's Meet the Press, Pence again used the term "the
president of Taiwan", suggesting it was no slip of the tongue.

China views self-ruling Taiwan as part of its own territory awaiting
reunification, and any US move implying support for independence - including use
of the word "president" - is likely to offend Beijing.

Chinese state media said Trump's "inexperience" led him to accept the phone call
but warned that any breach of the "One China" stance would "destroy" relations
with America.

Asked by ABC host George Stephanopoulos if he understood China's objections,
Pence replied: "Yes, of course." But he quickly shifted gear to claim that the
American people find Trump's "energy" refreshing.

The Indiana governor was asked directly if there were implications for the "one
China" policy. "We'll deal with policy after 20 January," he said, referring to
the day of Trump's inauguration.

On NBC, Pence suggested the controversy had been overplayed. "The waters here
seem like a little bit of a tempest in a teapot," he said.

"I mean, it's striking to me that President Obama would reach out to a murdering
dictator in Cuba and be hailed as a hero. And President-elect Donald Trump takes
a courtesy call from the democratically elected president of Taiwan and it
becomes something of a thing in the media."

Other Trump surrogates sought to neutralise the issue. Speaking on Fox News
Sunday, senior aide Kellyanne Conway said her boss was "well aware" of
Washington's "one China" policy.

"I know China has a perspective on it," she said. "The White House and state
department probably have a perspective on it. Certainly Taiwan has a perspective
on it.

"The president-elect's perspective is he accepted a congratulatory call. When
he's sworn in as commander-in-chief, he'll make clear the fullness of his plans.
But people shouldn't read too much into it."

Since his stunning victory over Hillary Clinton on 8 November, Trump has
accepted congratulatory calls from dozens of world leaders including the prime
ministers or presidents of Israel, Singapore, Japan and China, Conway said.

There were also growing signs of uncertainty over Trump's choice of secretary of
state. The transition team has previously said the short list was down to four -
understood to be the Tennessee senator Bob Corker, the former New York mayor
Rudy Giuliani, the former CIA director Gen David Petraeus and Mitt Romney, the
former Massachusetts governor who was the 2012 Republican nominee for president.

On Sunday, Conway told reporters at Trump Tower in Manhattan "he's broadened the
search" and the "list is expanding".

She added: "More than four but who knows how many finalists there will be. It's
a big decision and nobody should rush through it."

Petraeus appeared on ABC in what some observers billed as an audition for the
cross-examination he could expect from Congress over his conviction for
mishandling classified material.

Petraeus pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanour charge after sharing
intelligence with his biographer, Paula Broadwell, a former army officer with
whom he had an extramarital affair.

"What I would say to them is what I've acknowledged for a number of years," he
said. "Five years ago, I made a serious mistake. I acknowledged it. I apologised
for it. I paid a very heavy price for it and I've learned from it."

Petraeus added that he has given more than 38 years of "in some cases unique
service to our country in uniform and then at the CIA".

Reflecting on his hour-long meeting with Trump last week, Petraeus, speaking
from Germany, said he found the president-elect to be "quite pragmatic" and
added: "What I enjoyed most, frankly, was the discussion of issues, if you will,
or campaign rhetoric, and placing that in a strategic context."

Petraeus's viability for the job was put to Pence, who insisted that despite
Trump's attacks on Hillary Clinton over her own carelessness with classified
emails while secretary of state, the former military leader was an "American
hero" and still in contention.

"He paid a price for mishandling classified information," he said on NBC. "I
think the president-elect will weigh that against the background of an
extraordinary career of military service.

"It will be the president-elect's decision about the totality of Gen Petraeus's
experience and background."

Stephanopoulos also grilled Pence over Trump's evidence-free claim that
"millions of people voted illegally", denying him victory in the popular vote in
the presidential election, in which Clinton leads by more than 2.5m ballots.

The host made 10 different attempts, through questions or interventions, to make
Pence admit the claim was groundless.

Stephanopoulos asked: "It's his right to make false statements?"

Related:  Republican defense community fills Reagan shrine with prayers over
Trump

Pence replied: "Well, it's his right to express his opinion as president-elect
of the United States. I think one of the things that's refreshing about our
president-elect and one of the reasons why I think he made such an incredible
connection with people all across this country is because he tells you what's on
his mind."

Stephanopoulos shot back: "But why is it refreshing to make false statements?"

Maintaining his cool, Pence said: "Look, I don't know that that is a false
statement, George, and neither do you. The simple fact is that..."

Stephanopoulos interrupted: "I know there's no evidence for it."

At the end of the exchange, Pence insisted: "He's going to say what he believes
to be true and I know that he's always going to speak in that way as president."

In another series of tweets early on Sunday, Trump threatened heavy taxes as
retribution for US companies that move their business operations overseas and
still try to sell their product to Americans.

He promised a 35% tax on products sold inside the US by any business that fired
American workers and built a new factory or plant in another country.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Alden prepares for life after Mizzou athletics

BYLINE:  By Dave Matter St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 970 words


COLUMBIA, Mo. o Mike Alden recently completed a rite of passage for an outgoing
athletics director at a major university: He traded in his courtesy car. For 17
years he's driven a Chevy Silverado pickup truck, one of the many perks of
running an athletics department that operates on an eight-figure budget.

The next phase in Alden's career became reality for the first time in more than
17 years when he bought a car for himself: a Toyota Prius.

"I love my Prius," he said Tuesday. "Fifteen point two miles to a gallon taking
that truck back to Linn, Missouri, and 47.4 miles a gallon with my new Prius."

Alden is easing into his new life as a soon-to-be college professor, and as Mack
Rhoades prepares to take over as Missouri's AD later this month, Alden took time
Tuesday to reflect on his past, present and future. Alden sat down with
reporters for an exit interview of sorts, opening the floor for more than an
hour to cover a wide range of topics.

This fall, Alden will join the faculty at MU's College of Education, a position
he insisted is real and not a temporary cover for another job in college
athletics. He's taken calls about other jobs, but the answer's the same.

"I will never be an AD again," he said. "I don't have an interest in working at
the conference level and don't see myself in that area. Are there other areas
that could come up that I don't even know about? Sure, that could be. But, for
me, I'm really looking forward to being on the academic side of things."

That came as no surprise to longtime executive assistant Sandy Matthew, who was
shocked by the timing of Alden's announcement in January but not his ultimate
plan.

"We see him teaching every single day," she said.

Rhoades, the AD at the University of Houston the past six years, officially
takes over at Mizzou on April 27, at which time Alden will join the MU faculty,
though he'll collect his AD salary through Aug. 31.

As he discussed challenges that the next generation of ADs face in today's world
of college sports, Alden sounded at times disillusioned by what the industry has
become. He talked about the commercialization of college athletics, the dramatic
rise in coaches' salaries and increased focus on national, legal issues, all of
which, he said, leave ADs disconnected from the athletes and coaches on their
own campus.

"It's not like I want to hang out in the dining hall all day long," he said,
"but it's kind of nice once in a while to stop and see your kids."

Over time, Alden became a major player in the AD world, which at times, he
acknowledged Tuesday, held him back from addressing issues under his own nose at
Mizzou. Last year, when ESPN told the story of former MU swimmer Sasha Menu
Courey, who alleged she was raped by MU football players before her 2011
suicide, Alden waited several days before addressing the situation with
reporters while he attended a conference in Florida for the National Association
of Collegiate Directors of Athletics. He admitted Tuesday that was a mistake.

"In retrospect, for me I wish I would have been able (to) just get on a plane
and get on home," he said.

Alden also noted his mishandling of Missouri's basketball program during the
turbulent Ricky Clemons saga, which ultimately led to NCAA sanctions and the
program's unraveling.

"For me I could have been out front more than I was," he said.

While Missouri's football program has enjoyed steady success under Alden, the
men's basketball team has had five coaches on his watch. The program's been
consistently volatile since Norm Stewart stepped down after the 1998-99 season.
Alden isn't sure why but described the situation as "extremely frustrating."

"I've spent a lot of days, a lot of minutes, a lot of nights trying to figure,
how can we make sure that we get a consistency with what we're doing in men's
basketball?" he said. "It's tough to do, but it can happen and will happen at
Mizzou."

After a 9-23 season under first-year coach Kim Anderson that saw home attendance
dip to its lowest level since 1978-79, Alden believes Anderson deserves time to
turn around the program under his new AD.

"That's been our process and our M.O. for all of our coaches since I've been at
Mizzou," Alden said.

"From a leadership standpoint," he added, "how are you going to make sure that
you not only invest but you have to allow those things to flourish a little bit?
I would hope that would be the case. It's worked well for us in football. It's
worked well for us in wrestling. It's really worked for us, I believe, in
women's basketball. ... At least there are models at Mizzou and around the
country where it works.

"Mack and Kim and their team are going to be able to do it. But it's going to
take - I don't want to say time as in decades - but it's going to take time and
a lot of focus in some critical areas."

With Missouri's baseball program rejuvenated this spring - the Tigers are ranked
in the top 15 of national polls - Alden expressed confidence in longtime coach
Tim Jamieson, whose contract expires this summer. Jamieson's future, though,
will be Rhoades' decision.

"It's a good opportunity for them to get together," Alden said, "see the
successes we're having in baseball, which we are right now, knowing what our
history has been and allow those guys to put a plan together going forward."

---

THE GOOD

o Missouri's football program has enjoyed steady success under Alden, including
two straight trips to the SEC championship game. o Missouri's baseball program
is rejuvenated this spring - the Tigers are ranked in the top 15 in national
polls.

THE BAD

o Mishandling of Missouri's basketball program during the turbulent Ricky
Clemons saga. o Alden waited several days before addressing the situation after
ESPN reported about former MU swimmer Sasha Menu Courey, who alleged she was
raped by MU football players before her suicide

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - In this Sept. 15, 2012, file photo, Missouri athletic director
Mike Alden watches during the first quarter of an NCAA college football game
between Missouri and Arizona State in Columbia, Mo. Alden is stepping down after
a 17-year tenure marked by several high-profile coaching hires and the school's
move from the Big 12 Conference to the SEC, the university announced, Thursday,
Jan. 29, 2015.  Alden plans to leave in August but will remain at Mizzou as an
instructor in its education school and an administrator in a new global
service-learning program.  (AP Photo/L.G. Patterson, File)  University of
Missouri chancellor R. Bowin Loftin, right, greets the new Missouri athletic
director Mack Rhoades after Rhoades was introduced during a new conference
Tuesday, March 10, 2015, on the University of Missouri campus in Columbia, Mo.
(AP Photo/L.G. Patterson)  Missouri athletics director Mike Alden gets emotional
as he announces his resignation during a news conference on the University of
Missouri campus Friday, Jan. 30, 2015, in Columbia, Mo. (AP Photo/L.G.
Patterson)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFILE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Louisiana: GULF COAST WORKFORCE, LLC, et al. VERSUS ZURICH AMERICAN INSURANCE
COMPANY OF ILLINOIS

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Louisiana has
issued the following order:



  UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT EASTERN DISTRICT OF LOUISIANA GULF COAST
WORKFORCE, LLC, et al. CIVIL ACTION VERSUS NO. 15-5342 ZURICH AMERICAN INSURANCE
SECTION "N" (4) COMPANY OF ILLINOIS ORDER AND REASONS Presently before the Court
is the motion for summary judgment (Rec.

Doc. 29) filed by Defendant Zurich American Insurance Company of Illinois
("Defendant") relative to the claims for damages asserted by Plaintiffs Gulf
Coast Workforce, LLC, Technical Marine Maintenance Louisiana, LLC, Technical
Marine Maintenance Mississippi, LLC, Technical Marine Maintenance Florida, LLC,
Technical Marine Maintenance Texas, and Gulf Coast Industrial Contractors, LLC
("Plaintiffs").1 Considering the parties' submissions, the remainder of the
record in this matter, and applicable law, IT IS ORDERED that Defendant's motion
for summary judgment is GRANTED relative to Plaintiffs' claims against it.2 In
this action, Plaintiffs assert that Defendant, their former insurance carrier,
mishandled a workers compensation claim filed in 2013 by Brandon Shackelford
such that Plaintiffs' loss history unnecessarily worsened, they had difficulty
in obtaining traditional workers 1 Plaintiffs are a group of affiliated labor
contractors. 2 Defendant Zurich's motion has no application to its counterclaim
(Rec. Doc. 10). Thus, the counterclaim is not impacted by this Order and
Reasons. Case 2:15-cv-05342-KDE-KWR Document 70 Filed 10/12/16 Page 1 of 3
compensation, and they lost business with a major customer. Plaintiffs allege
financial loss and damage to their business reputation and relationships with
employees and customers. On September 2, 2014, Magistrate Judge Roby denied a
motion (Rec. Doc. 33) filed by Plaintiffs seeking leave to file a supplemental
complaint asserting claims based on their having to pay higher premiums for
worker's compensation coverage (allegedly as a result of Defendant's mishandling
of the Shackelford claim), and seeking relief under former La. R.S. 22:1220. See
Rec. Doc. 55. Given Magistrate Judge Roby's ruling, only Plaintiffs' claims
premised upon Defendant's failure to timely file a "Second Injury Fund" claim,
pursuant to the Louisiana Workers' Compensation Act, La. R.S. 23:1378, are
actually before the Court in this action.3 Specifically, Plaintiffs contend
that, but for Defendant's failure to timely submit it to the Louisiana Second
Injury Board, Shackelford's claim would have been recoverable from the Second
Injury Fund thus significantly lessening the cost of the claim and the resulting
damage to Plaintiffs' claim history. For essentially the reasons stated in
Defendant's supporting memoranda (Rec. Docs. 29-1 and 52), Plaintiffs' showing
relative to its Louisiana Second Injury Fund claim are insufficient to survive
summary judgment in Defendant's favor. As asserted by Defendant, Plaintiffs have
not shown Shackelford's claims to have been governed by state law, specifically,
the Louisiana Workers' Compensation Act, La. R.S. 23:1378, rather than the
federal Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act ("LHWCA"), 33 U.S.C. §901,
et seq., pursuant to which the claim was finally settled.4 3 Given this
limitation, the Court makes no findings in this action relative to Plaintiffs'
contention that Defendant caused its workers' compensation premium costs to
increase. The same is true of any other assertion of Defendant's alleged
mishandling of the Shackelford compensation claim. 4 See Rec. Docs. 29-7 and
29-17. 2 Case 2:15-cv-05342-KDE-KWR Document 70 Filed 10/12/16 Page 2 of 3
Furthermore, even if Shackelford's compensation claim actually is governed by
Louisiana law, Plaintiff has not shown the Louisiana Second Injury Board's
findings regarding the inapplicability of the Louisiana Second Injury Fund
statute, La. R.S. 23:1378, to the merits of Shackelford's claims to be in
error.5 Thus, it is not evident that the Louisiana statute would have offered
Plaintiffs any relief, relative to Shackelford's claim, even if it had been
timely submitted to the Board, i.e., within fifty-two weeks after the first
payment of compensation benefits. And, finally, Plaintiffs have failed to put
forth any evidence from which a determination of actual lost profit damages
could be made. Given the foregoing reasons, IT IS ORDERED that Defendant's
motion for summary judgment is GRANTED. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that Plaintiffs'
claims in this action are DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE. New Orleans, Louisiana, this
12th day of October 2016. KURT D. ENGELHARDT United States District Judge Clerk
to Copy: U.S. Magistrate Judge Roby 5 See February 5, 2015 Denial by Louisiana
Workers' Compensation Second Injury Fund, Rec. Doc. 29-29. 3 Case
2:15-cv-05342-KDE-KWR Document 70 Filed 10/12/16 Page 3 of 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Eleventh Circuit: ABDIEL ECHEVERRIA, ISABEL SANTAMARIA, Plaintiffs-Appellants,
versus BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., URBAN SETTLEMENT SERVICES, d.b.a. Urban Lending
Solutions, CARLISLE & GALLAGHER CONSULTING GROUP, INC., Defendants-Appellees.

LENGTH: 2295 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Eleventh Circuit
has issued the following order:



 [DO NOT PUBLISH] IN THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
________________________ No. 14-15375 Non-Argument Calendar
________________________ D.C. Docket No. 6:14-cv-00486-CEM-DAB ABDIEL
ECHEVERRIA, ISABEL SANTAMARIA, Plaintiffs-Appellants, versus BANK OF AMERICA,
N.A., URBAN SETTLEMENT SERVICES, d.b.a. Urban Lending Solutions, CARLISLE &
GALLAGHER CONSULTING GROUP, INC., Defendants-Appellees. ________________________
Appeal from the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida
________________________ (December 3, 2015) Before ED CARNES, Chief Judge,
JORDAN, and JULIE CARNES, Circuit Judges. Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015
Page: 1 of 9 2 PER CURIAM: Abdiel Echeverria and Isabel Santamaria, proceeding
pro se, brought this lawsuit against Bank of America, N.A., Urban Settlement
Services, and Carlisle & Gallagher Consulting Group, Inc. (CGCG). They alleged
claims for fraud and breach of contract in relation to the bank's denial of
their request to modify the mortgage on their home.

All three defendants filed motions to dismiss based on res judicata and the
plaintiffs' failure to state plausible claims for relief. 1 The plaintiffs filed
two motions to amend their complaint. The district court granted the defendants'
motions, denied the plaintiffs' motions to amend as moot, and dismissed the
plaintiffs' claims with prejudice. This is the plaintiffs' appeal.2 I. The
plaintiffs purchased their home in 2008 with a mortgage. In late 2009, they
discovered that a former subsidiary of the bank had purchased that mortgage from
the original lender. The plaintiffs requested a mortgage modification, which the
bank's subsidiary denied. (That subsidiary has since merged with the bank and
ceased to exist as an independent entity.) 1 A &ldquo;party may raise a res
judicata defense by motion rather than by answer where the defense's existence
can be judged on the face of the complaint.&rdquo; Concordia v. Bendekovic, 693
F.2d 1073, 1075 (11th Cir. 1982). 2 The plaintiffs raise thirteen issues on
appeal, but those issues can be condensed into two. They are challenging the
district court's dismissal of their claims on res judicata grounds and the
denial of their motions to amend their complaint. Case: 14-15375 Date Filed:
12/03/2015 Page: 2 of 9 3 The plaintiffs then brought the first of three
lawsuits against the bank for claims related to that denial of their request for
mortgage modification. In that first lawsuit, they alleged two claims based on
federal statutes and two state law tort claims. Echeverria v. BAC Home Loans
Servicing, LP (Echeverria I), 900 F. Supp. 2d 1299, 1303 (M.D. Fla. Oct. 22,
2012). All of the plaintiffs' claims arose out of the bank's conduct in denying
their request for mortgage modification. Id. at 1303-08. The district court
dismissed two of the claims with prejudice for failure to state a claim and
granted summary judgment to the bank on the other two. Id. at 1309. We affirmed.
Echeverria v. BAC Homes Loans Servicing, LP, 523 F. App'x 675 (11th Cir. 2013)
(unpublished). In the plaintiffs' second lawsuit against the bank, their
allegations were &ldquo;virtually identical in substance&rdquo; to their
allegations in their first lawsuit even though they put different labels on the
claims. Echeverria v. Bank of Am., N.A. (Echeverria II), No. 6:12-cv-1360, 2012
WL 5417286, at *1 (M.D. Fla. Nov. 6, 2012). The district court ruled that the
plaintiffs' claims were barred and dismissed the second lawsuit with prejudice.
Id. In this lawsuit, the plaintiffs once again assert claims based on the same
conduct -- the denial of their request for mortgage modification. This time,
however, they have sued not only the bank but also two new defendants, Urban and
CGCG. Those new defendants helped the bank handle the plaintiffs' request Case:
14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015 Page: 3 of 9 4 for mortgage modification. The
district court dismissed the plaintiffs' claims with prejudice based on res
judicata and denied their motions to amend their complaint as moot. II. We
review the district court's dismissal of the plaintiffs' claims de novo and
apply federal preclusion principles. Tampa Bay Water v. HDR Eng'g, Inc., 731
F.3d 1171, 1179 (11th Cir. 2013); Jang v. United Techs. Corp., 206 F.3d 1147,
1149 (11th Cir. 2000). Res judicata bars the plaintiffs' claims in this lawsuit
if the judgments in the first two lawsuits: (1) were &ldquo;rendered by . . .
court[s] of competent jurisdiction&rdquo;; (2) were &ldquo;final and on the
merits&rdquo;; (3) involved &ldquo;the same parties or those in privity with
them&rdquo;; and (4) involved &ldquo;the same causes of action.&rdquo; Borrero
v. United Healthcare of N.Y., Inc., 610 F.3d 1296, 1306 (11th Cir. 2010). There
is no dispute that the first and second requirements are met. Regarding the
third, the complaint alleges that Urban and CGCG acted as the bank's agents
during the alleged mishandling of the plaintiffs' request for mortgage
modification. A principal-agent relationship is one kind of &ldquo;substantive
legal relationship&rdquo; that establishes privity for claim preclusion
purposes. Taylor v. Sturgell, 553 U.S. 880, 894 & n.8, 128 S. Ct. 2161, 2172 &
n.8 (2008); see Griswold v. Cty. of Hillsborough, 598 F.3d 1289, 1292 (11th Cir.
2010); Citibank, Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015 Page: 4 of 9 5 N.A. v.
Data Lease Fin. Corp., 904 F.2d 1498, 1502-03 (11th Cir. 1990). Urban and CGCG,
as the bank's agents, were in privity with the bank. Regarding the fourth
requirement for res judicata, the plaintiffs have brought the &ldquo;same cause
of action&rdquo; in this lawsuit as in the first two lawsuits -- their current
lawsuit arose from the &ldquo;same nucleus of operative fact&rdquo; as the first
two. Trustmark Ins. Co. v. ESLU, Inc., 299 F.3d 1265, 1270 (11th Cir. 2002).
Just as they did in those two earlier lawsuits, the plaintiffs have brought
claims based on the alleged mishandling of their request for mortgage
modification. That alleged mishandling &ldquo;constitute[s] the factual
predicate, and any claims relating to [it] should [have been] brought in the
same lawsuit.&rdquo; Id. Because all four requirements for res judicata are met,
that doctrine bars the plaintiffs' claims against Urban and CGCG, the bank's
agents, as well as the bank. Attempting to dodge that bar, the plaintiffs assert
that they only recently discovered Urban and CGCG's role in the denial of their
request for mortgage modification. That may be true, but the facts of Urban and
CGCG's involvement already existed when the plaintiffs brought their first
lawsuit, and res judicata applies to all claims based on facts that were in
existence at the time the original lawsuit was filed. See Pleming v.
Universal-Rundle Corp., 142 F.3d 1354, 1357 (11th Cir. 1998).3 3 The plaintiffs
also argue that the district court should have considered certain exhibits and
Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015 Page: 5 of 9 6 III. The plaintiffs also
challenge the district court's denial of their motions to amend their complaint
as moot. We review the denial of a motion to amend a complaint only for an abuse
of discretion but &ldquo;[t]he underlying legal conclusion of whether a
particular amendment to the complaint would have been futile is reviewed de
novo.&rdquo; Corsello v. Lincare, Inc., 428 F.3d 1008, 1012 (11th Cir. 2005).
&ldquo;If a complaint as amended is still subject to dismissal,&rdquo; then it
is futile and &ldquo;leave to amend need not be given.&rdquo; Halliburton &
Assocs., Inc. v. Henderson, Few & Co., 774 F.2d 441, 444 (11th Cir. 1985). The
plaintiffs moved to file two proposed amended complaints. They assert that those
proposed amended complaints are not barred by res judicata because they contain
new facts and new causes of action. A. The first proposed amended complaint
contains eleven claims. Six of those arose from the defendants' alleged
mishandling of the plaintiffs' mortgage judicial notices before dismissing their
case. Even if that is true, those documents would not have changed the fact that
this lawsuit arises from the same facts as Echeverria I and is barred by res
judicata. The plaintiffs' argument that the district court erred in granting the
motions to dismiss before permitting discovery also fails. See Chudasama v.
Mazda Motor Corp., 123 F.3d 1353, 1367 (11th Cir. 1997) (&ldquo;Facial
challenges to the legal sufficiency of a claim or defense, such as a motion to
dismiss based on failure to state a claim for relief, should . . . be resolved
before discovery begins.&rdquo;). Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015 Page: 6
of 9 7 modification request. Those claims are futile because they are barred by
res judicata, for the reasons we have already discussed. The five remaining
claims in the first proposed amended complaint are also futile because they do
not satisfy the plausibility threshold required to survive a motion to dismiss.
Simpson v. Sanderson Farms, Inc., 774 F.3d 702, 708 (11th Cir. 2014) (stating
that a pleading that fails to state a plausible claim for relief cannot survive
a motion to dismiss). Four of those five claims apparently are an attempt to
allege violations of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act based on a letter
that the plaintiffs received in September 2013 from a company allegedly working
to collect a debt on behalf of the bank. Those claims cannot survive a motion to
dismiss for two reasons. First, they are partly based on &ldquo;formulaic
recitation[s] of the elements&rdquo; and &ldquo;mere conclusory
statements&rdquo; that do not satisfy the plausibility standard required for
pleadings. Id. (quotation marks omitted). Second, the facts alleged in them do
not allow &ldquo;the reasonable inference that the defendant is liable for the
misconduct alleged.&rdquo; Id. (quotation marks omitted). For example, the
plaintiffs allege that they asked the company to verify the amount of their
debt, and that the company forwarded that request to the bank. The Act, however,
permitted the company to do that. See 15 U.S.C. &sect; 1692g(b). The fifth of
these five claims, and the last remaining one in the first proposed amended
complaint, is titled &ldquo;extrinsic fraud.&rdquo; It alleges that the bank
Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015 Page: 7 of 9 8 concealed &ldquo;material
facts, necessary defendants, and other pertinent matters&rdquo; that could have
changed the outcomes of Echeverria I and Echeverria II. The plaintiffs assert
that they can re-open the judgments in those decisions under Florida Rule of
Civil Procedure 1.540(b), but that rule does not apply here. See Horowitch v.
Diamond Aircraft Indust., Inc., 645 F.3d 1254, 1257 (11th Cir. 2011) (noting
that federal courts sitting in diversity apply federal procedural law). The
federal analogue to the Florida rule is Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
60(b)(3), so we will interpret the claim as an attempt to re-open the earlier
judgements under Rule 60(b)(3). In order to obtain relief under Rule 60(b)(3),
the moving party &ldquo;must prove by clear and convincing evidence that the
adverse party obtained the verdict through fraud&rdquo; and that &ldquo;the
conduct prevented [the moving party] from fully presenting [its] case.&rdquo;
Waddell v. Hendry Cty. Sheriff's Office, 329 F.3d 1300, 1309 (11th Cir. 2003).
The plaintiffs do not allege with specificity any material facts that the bank
had an obligation to disclose its relationship with Urban and CGCG. See Booker
v. Dugger, 825 F.2d 281, 283-84 (11th Cir. 1987) (&ldquo;Conclusory averments of
the existence of fraud made on information and belief and unaccompanied by a
statement of clear and convincing probative facts which support such belief do
not serve to raise the issue of the existence of fraud . . . .&rdquo;)
(quotation marks omitted). Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015 Page: 8 of 9 9
The district court also noted that the plaintiffs could have discovered the
bank's relationship with the other parties during the previous litigation. If
the plaintiffs were unable to fully present their case in the earlier lawsuits,
it was a result of their failure to engage in the necessary discovery, not any
alleged fraud committed by the bank. See id. at 284 (stating that parties
seeking relief from a judgment on grounds of fraud must show that their own
&ldquo;negligence or oversight, however innocent&rdquo; did not contribute to
that judgment) (quotation marks omitted). B. The plaintiffs' second proposed
amended complaint contains thirteen claims. Eleven of those claims essentially
repeat and repackage the same claims that are in the first proposed amended
complaint. Those eleven claims are futile for the reasons discussed in Part
III.A. The &ldquo;new facts&rdquo; that the plaintiffs allege do not change that
outcome.4 And because the two additional claims in the second proposed amended
complaint arose out of the bank's alleged mishandling of the plaintiffs' request
for mortgage modification, those additional claims are futile because of res
judicata. AFFIRMED. 4 For example, the plaintiffs include as an exhibit the
letter that is the basis for their Fair Debt Collection Practices Act claims.
However, that letter complies with the provisions of the statutes that the
plaintiffs contend were violated. For example, it contains the information
required by 15 U.S.C. &sect; 1692g(a) (such as the amount of the debt and the
name of the creditor to whom it is owed). Case: 14-15375 Date Filed: 12/03/2015
Page: 9 of 9



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                             April 18, 1999, Sunday

Ex-CIA chief kept secrets in his home PC

BYLINE: Matthew Campbell, Washington

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 528 words


JUST as it emerges from a bleak period of self-doubt, the Central Intelligence
Agency is cringing with embarrassment over revelations that its former director
put national security at risk by being reckless with state secrets.

John Deutch, a titan of the Washington establishment who once served on a White
House commission for "protecting and reducing government secrecy", was
investigated for mishandling sensitive intelligence material that could have
fallen into enemy hands.

The CIA called in the Justice Department to conduct an independent inquiry into
why Deutch had repeatedly taken top-secret material home and accessed it on an
unsecured personal computer instead of a hacker-proof one provided.

The allegation that Deutch failed to follow guidelines is the latest in a
catalogue of blunders by America's spy community as it searches for a new role
in the post-communist world.

The former CIA director's problems began only days after he stepped down at the
end of 1996, when technicians unplugged his agency computer. They discovered
that he had stored 31 secret files on a separate personal computer, including
reports on Iraq and a top-secret memorandum to President Bill Clinton.

The material was not supposed to have been removed from CIA headquarters in
Langley, Virginia, let alone fed into a home computer connected to the Internet
and vulnerable to hackers. "It was a Class A security breach," said one
intelligence source. "He should have known better."

The matter was turned over to CIA investigators, who initially suspected that
Deutch, now a Washington consultant, might have been guilty of treason. The
agency was still reeling from the exposure in 1994 of Aldrich Ames, a CIA
officer whose sale of secrets to Moscow resulted in the execution of several
American agents in Russia. Ames's treachery had gone undetected for years, even
when he ostentatiously bought a new Jaguar car.

The agency was also ridiculed last year for its failure to detect India's plans
to test a nuclear bomb, and was criticised for not preventing the terrorist
bombings of American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.

The dossier on Deutch, a former provost of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology, was turned over to the Justice Department, and congressional
intelligence committees were notified of a security breach.

Last month, however, Deutch was appointed to head a commission reviewing
security at science laboratories after revelations of Chinese espionage at the
Los Alamos nuclear facility. A few days later his history of mishandling
classified information came back to haunt him and he withdrew, citing "other
commitments". The White House apparently did not want to see its embarrassment
at reports of Chinese espionage compounded by revelations that the official in
charge of the investigation had himself been accused of endangering national
security.

Bill Richardson, the energy secretary, who had been unaware of the Justice
Department investigation, was told to find someone else to head his commission.
As for Deutch, he may find himself less in demand as an expert on protecting the
nation's secrets.


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Newspapers Limited


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: Cummings Issues Statement on Inaccurate Republican Leaks About
Limited Immunity Agreement with Cheryl Mills

LENGTH: 1070  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has issued
the following press release:



 Today, Rep. Elijah E. Cummings, Ranking Member of the House Committee on
Oversight and Government Reform, issued the following statement in response to
inaccurate Republican leaks regarding a limited immunity agreement for Cheryl
Mills:



 "It's beyond disappointing--but not surprising in light of the election--that
Republicans are rushing to leak inaccurate information about this very limited
agreement between Ms. Mills and the Justice Department.  Ms. Mills was not
immunized for any statements she made to the FBI, Congress, or other
investigators.  Of course, Republicans are trying to make political hay out of
this, but the facts are that Ms. Mills cooperated fully with the Justice
Department and Congress, the FBI concluded that there was no basis for any
criminal prosecution, and even Chairman Gowdy praised Ms. Mills for voluntarily
answering every single question in his marathon, nine-hour interview with her
more than a year ago.  Republicans will stop at nothing to tear apart the FBI's
independent investigation to try to damage Secretary Clinton's presidential
campaign."



 Earlier today, the Justice Department made available to the Committee a copy of
the agreement, which makes clear that it does not extend to any testimony Ms.
Mills provided to Congress, any statements she made to the FBI, or any other
assertions she made to other investigators.







 BACKGROUND







 The Immunity Agreements Were Very Limited--They Did Not Extend to Testimony or
Statements to Investigators



 In 2014, Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson, as Secretary Clinton's attorneys,
conducted a process to determine whether Secretary Clinton's emails were
work-related or personal so they could turn in work-related emails to the State
Department.



 After this process concluded, it was determined--after the fact--that some
emails sent to Secretary Clinton may have contained classified information.
None of the emails was properly marked as classified.



 Since Mills and Samuelson conducted their review on laptop computers, the FBI
wanted to obtain those computers.  Mills and Samuelson turned them over with a
limited immunity agreement from the Justice Department that they would not be
prosecuted based on information obtained from the laptops.



 However, these very limited immunity agreements did not extend to any testimony
before Congress, statements to the FBI, or assertions to any other
investigators.



 Both Mills and Samuelson provided voluntary statements to the Justice
Department, and neither exercised her Fifth Amendment rights.



 The FBI Found No Crimes Involving the Mishandling of Classified Information or
Destruction of Documents to Conceal Them from Investigators



 The FBI investigated whether there was criminal activity involved with (1) the
potential mishandling of classified information; or (2) the potential
intentional destruction of evidence to conceal it from investigators.



 After obtaining the laptops and conducting other facets of the investigation,
the FBI found that neither conclusion was warranted.



 On July 5, 2016, FBI Director Comey stated:  "we did not find clear evidence
that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the
handling of classified information."



 Two days later before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,
Director Comey testified:  "we found no evidence that any of the additional
work-related e-mails were intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them."



 He added:  "I do not see evidence that is sufficient to establish that
Secretary Clinton or those with whom she was corresponding both talked about
classified information on email and knew, when they did it, they were doing
something that was against the law."



 He added:  "We didn't find any evidence of evil intent and intent to obstruct
justice."



 He also said specifically about Secretary Clinton's attorneys:   "I don't see
the evidence there to make a case that she was acting with criminal intent in
her engagement with her lawyers."



 Mills Already Appeared Before Congress for a Marathon Nine-Hour Interview,
After Which Chairman Gowdy Praised Her for Answering Every Single Question



 Cheryl Mills already appeared voluntarily before Congress for a marathon
nine-hour interview.  More than a year ago, on September 3, 2015, she was called
before Chairman Gowdy on the Benghazi Committee for a transcribed interview.



 During her interview, Ms. Mills was asked in detail about her actions with
respect to Secretary Clinton's emails.  Republicans asked numerous questions
about:



     her knowledge of the set-up of the server that hosted clintonemail.com ;

     her knowledge of Bryan Pagliano's role in setting up Secretary Clinton's
personal server;

     her knowledge of any outages affecting the server;

     her communications with the State Department related to the recovery of
federal records;

     her role in reviewing Secretary Clinton's emails for work-related records;

     her role in responding to FOIA requests to the State Department; and

     her awareness of federal records requirements.



 After Ms. Mills appeared before the Benghazi Select Committee, Chairman Gowdy
praised her, stating publicly that "Ms. Mills answered all of the committee's
questions.  The dialogue was professional and fact-centric."



 Ms. Mills thanked the Chairman and Ranking Member for "the professionalism and
the respect that they showed me throughout this process."  She added:  "I'm
grateful for the chance that I had to visit with the Committee today.  I
appreciate all the time that they spent with me and the respect that they showed
to me."



 Ms. Mills had offered for the session to be open to the public at the time.
Her attorneys sent a letter to Chairman Gowdy on August 28, 2015, offering to
appear at a public hearing to answer the Committee Members' questions.  Chairman
Gowdy declined and held a closed session that lasted nine-and-a-half hours.



 Democrats called for the transcript to be released to the public, but Gowdy
refused.



 In the wake of multiple inaccurate disclosures about her testimony favoring
Republican conspiracy theories about Secretary Clinton, Democrats released Ms.
Mills' transcript on October 21, 2015.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 24, 1992, Friday, City Edition

HARTline board rejects job decision

BYLINE: JENNIFER ORSI

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 635 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



After enduring one highly publicized case of labor strife and lost credibility,
the people who operate Hillsborough's bus line tried to avoid another Thursday
even though it meant pulling rank on their executive director.

    The Hillsborough Area Regional Transit Authority (HARTline) board of
directors voted 7-0 to overrule a decision by Executive Director Sharon Dent to
give 11 new drivers part-time jobs instead of full-time positions.

    HARTline's directors said they took the unusual step to remedy what they
called management's mishandling of the new employees, several of whom said they
were misled by HARTline and thought they were being hired full time.

    "I think once again this agency has demonstrated its absolute ineptitude in
managing employee relations," said board member and Temple Terrace City Council
member John King.

    Dent warned that restoring the drivers to full-time status would give the
agency more drivers than it had work for and would mean a severe financial
hardship to a system already facing a deficit this year.

    She hinted that layoffs might result, but King quickly squelched that idea.

    "This is another situation that a management decision has gotten us into,
and I expect management to manage us out of it without laying off people," he
said.

    No board members disagreed.

    In fact, the board's unified stance was a difference from the way it reacted
to HARTline's last blowup with employees, a dispute over 26 drivers fired last
August during a sickout.

    Dent came under heavy criticism for her decision to fire all the drivers who
called in sick Aug. 12 without determining who participated in the sickout. But
the majority of the board steadfastly refused to take any action, saying the
decision like all personnel matters was Dent's to make.

    On Thursday, however, after hearing appeals from several of the part-time
drivers, the board did step in.

    "We've made a lot of mistakes on the board, but I'm not going to let this
one go by," said board member Manuel Alvarez.  :    Thursday's controversy was
in part a continuation of the sickout troubles. After the drivers were fired, a
new training class of 20 drivers was hired, though not simply to replace the
terminated drivers, Dent said.

    By the time that class graduated from training earlier this month, a federal
arbitrator had ordered that the fired drivers be returned to work. That,
combined with a loss of fewer drivers than expected because of new licensing
rules, left HARTline with too large a work force, Dent said.

    She decided to make 11 drivers part time, even though four of them said on
an application before they were hired that they didn't want part-time work.
Several quit full-time jobs to come to HARTline. Dent said the drivers were
never promised full-time work, but were never explicitly told they might be
given part-time jobs, either.

    Board member Helen LaCount said the board's willingness to get involved
Thursday showed its concern about Dent's ability to manage HARTline.

    King agreed that Dent was responsible for the mishandling of the situation,
but said the board's action Thursday was "a reflection of a different situation"
than it faced with the sickout.

    By the time drivers came before the board to complain about the sickout
firings, he said, HARTline already was involved in legal proceedings, and
attorneys advised that they be allowed to run their course.

    Dent said she agreed that communication with the new employees should have
been better and said she didn't "have a problem" with the board's direction. She
said she did not have an estimate of the financial impact of the move.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 2, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

OREGON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 67 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


Federal mishandling of 2.4 million acres of timber in 18 counties cost
government $ 90 million since '86, Interior Dept. audit said. Cited: BLM took
financial shortcuts to reduce short-term deficits. ... BEND - Deschutes County
investigators have few clues, no suspects in break-in at home of Democratic U.S.
Senate candidate Harry Lonsdale, sheriff said. Computer, campaign material were
stolen.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 16, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Phone Companies' Competition Heats Up

BYLINE: By STEWART AIN

SECTION: Section 14LI; Page 3; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1479 words


LONG ISLAND has become a battleground for the major phone companies, which have
launched aggressive advertising campaigns to woo customers to their local,
regional and long-distance services.

"There has always been competition, but the real mass marketing didn't start
until we got into long distance," said Toby S. Frank, director of consumer
competitive response for Bell Atlantic.

In December, Bell Atlantic became the first of the "Baby Bells," the companies
formerly grouped under the AT&T umbrella, to win permission to offer
long-distance service, after satisfying the Federal Communications Commission
that it had opened the local phone market to competitors.

A month before the F.C.C. ruling, Sprint opened its bid for these customers, and
a month after the ruling AT&T entered the fray. The nation's other major
long-distance company, MCI Worldcom, has been offering residential local and
regional service since February 1999.

"It's very intense," said a spokesman for AT&T, Gary Morgenstern. "Bell Atlantic
is spending a ton of money on advertising and the competition is fierce. We are
doing very well. We have taken more local customers from Bell Atlantic than they
have taken long-distance customers from us. And the value of the customers we
are taking is greater than those they are taking from us."

Dennis Wax, director of regulatory affairs for Bell Atlantic, acknowledged that
the competition has had an impact on his company. "Statewide, we have about 12
million lines, and we have lost 2 million over the past five years," he said.

Edward Collins, a spokesman for the Public Service Commission, which regulates
phone companies, said most of that loss occurred this year. In the first four
months, he said, 1,616,845 customers switched from Bell Atlantic to other
companies. That compares with 321,280 who switched in 1998 and 946,000 last
year.

Mark Marchand, a spokesman for Bell Atlantic, pointed out that during the first
three months of this year, his company captured 428,000 long-distance customers
and, he said, it is "well on its way to meeting the one million mark for the
year."

Jon Hargis, director of marketing for AT&T Consumer Services, said the company
was "exceeding expectations" in its goal of signing up 750,000 homeowners
statewide for its local service by the end of the year. He said that by the end
of May, the company had attracted 475,000 customers and that most were
downstate. (He did not have separate figures for the Island.)

A spokesman for Sprint, Greg Embry, declined to say how many customers his
company had signed up for local service.

"There is a lot of pent-up demand because people have not had a choice before,"
he added. "Now when people are presented with two or three choices, it is
natural for them to say they will exercise their choice and try something new."

Mr. Collins said the Public Service Commission believes "that competition will
provide customers with more choices in terms of service and lower rates."

But Mr. Morgenstern, at AT&T, said true competition did not really begin until
just a month or two ago, after Bell Atlantic resolved what it said were
computer-related problems that delayed the transfer of customers to competitors.

"Bell Atlantic admitted to mishandling 270,000 orders in New York during the
first few months of the year," Mr. Morgenstern said.

In March, Bell Atlantic entered into an agreement with the F.C.C. in which it
agreed to pay the Treasury $3 million for its "loss or mishandling of orders,"
and to pay up to $24 million more if the problem persisted. In addition, the
Public Service Commission ordered it to credit $10 million to its competitors in
the local phone market, and threatened to require Bell Atlantic to pay another
$24 million in credits if the company continued to run into difficulties.

The commission has also been monitoring consumer complaints stemming from the
local phone competition, and fined MCI WorldCom $3 million in April because of
the "higher than normal number of complaints" it had received regarding the
company's local service.

Mr. Frank, of Bell Atlantic, said that what is occurring now is "full-blown
competition."

"And from our perspective, that's not a bad thing," he continued. "It means
there are more choices out there, and Bell Atlantic wants to make sure the
consumer understands his choices."

Mr. Morgenstern pointed out, however, that although the major long-distance
companies are vying to provide local phone service here, there can be no price
war because none of them own their own facilities. They all lease Bell
Atlantic's lines and features at wholesale prices and resell the services.

"Our offer does provide a savings but it is not dramatic," he acknowledged.
"It's not like we can say it used to cost 40 cents and now it's a nickel. You
can say that for long distance. But we have no control over the cost structure
when we have to lease the facilities."

As a result, what the competitors are selling is easy-to-understand pricing,
package deals and in some cases discounts for customers who sign up for a
package of local, regional and long distance service.

The only company not reselling Bell Atlantic's service is Cablevision Optimum
Telephone, which was set up in 1998 and provides local telephone service over
cable lines to 10,175 customers in 24 communities in Nassau. A company
spokesman, Charles Schueler, said customers who have both Cablevision's
telephone and cable-TV service receive a discount on their television bill,
depending on the extent of their telephone use. A customer whose Optimum
telephone bill was between $50 and $149 would receive a 15 percent reduction in
his TV bill, he said.

Mr. Schueler said also Optimum Telephone's service was 15 to 20 percent cheaper
than Bell Atlantic's.

The company's senior vice president of product management and sales, Patricia
Falese, said there are plans to expand telephone service to the rest of Long
Island. Asked when, she replied: "We are trying to find the right marketing and
sales mix to optimize penetration. Once we get that right, we will expand in the
marketplace."

Kurt L. Seidman, 44, of Dix Hills, said he is waiting for the day Cablevision
offers him a chance to have cable television, Internet access and telephone
service "all on the same line." Until then, he said, he has no interest in
switching.

But other Long Islanders are happy to make a switch to save money. Stuart
Lepkowsky, 35, of Hauppauge, said his wife, Fay, switched to MCI in May for
local service without telling him.

"When I saw the bill, I yelled at her, 'What are you switching phone companies
for?' and she just pointed to the bill and said, 'Look, those calls were free,'
" Mr. Lepkowsky said.

When he examined the bill, he said he found that about $15 in regional calls he
had made to relatives in Nassau were not charged.

A spokesman for MCI, Charles Sutlive, explained that the company is providing a
$14.99 rebate for two months as an incentive to attract new customers.

But Mr. Lepkowsky said it "still cost me because I had to take my wife out to
dinner to make up for yelling at her."

The Public Service Commission suggests that before switching phone companies,
consumers identify the type of service they have now, decide what different
services they may want, compare services and offers, and ask the new companies
to send their proposals in writing.

Sylvia Lee-Foo, 61, of Islip, said she was interested in a what a telemarketer
from AT&T had to offer until she asked him to send a copy in writing.

"He just ignored my request and asked another question," she said. "I would have
definitely looked into it. It sounded like they were offering me something
beautiful, but as soon as he wouldn't back it up in writing, I figured it was
not valid."

Mr. Morgenstern said he did not know when the AT&T would have such printed
material available.

Mr. Embry, of Sprint, said his company does have printed material on what it
calls Sprint Solutions. For $35 a month, residential customers get 100 local
calls and 100 minutes of regional and long-distance calls. (Extra calls in each
category cost seven cents.)

Mr. Hargis said AT&T is pushing a $24.90-a-month plan that offers 75 hours of
local calls, five -cents a minute for regional calls and seven cents for
long-distance calls.

Bell Atlantic has mounted an advertising campaign aimed at keeping its customers
from switching by presenting testimonials from those who did, but them came back
to Bell Atlantic.

In two 30-second television commercials narrated by the actor James Earl Jones,
unidentified people tell viewers that they were promised savings but found
instead that their bills "almost doubled" and that "the savings weren't there."

"I'm sorry I left," says one of the unidentified people.

"I've learned my lesson," says another.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo (Nicole Bengiveno/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 4, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Boston Church Papers Released; A Pattern of Negligence Is Cited

BYLINE:  By PAM BELLUCK

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2176 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Dec. 3


Hundreds of pages of church documents released today show that officials of the
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston allowed priests accused of abuse to remain
in ministry or failed to persuade them to receive residential psychiatric
treatment.

The documents, 2,200 pages concerning eight priests, were released by lawyers
for plaintiffs in a lawsuit involving the Rev. Paul R. Shanley, who is accused
of molesting several boys. The lawyers, who got the documents from the
archdiocese, are trying to strengthen their case by showing that the Boston
church officials engaged in a pattern of mishandling abusive priests.

In one case, a priest from Youngstown, Ohio, was placed in a Boston parish just
after being treated for pedophilia, despite warnings by the treatment center and
the Youngstown bishop that the priest not be allowed to have contact with
children. Several young men in Boston parishes later said the priest abused
them, and he was convicted of sexual abuse in New Hampshire.

In another case, a priest was transferred in 1984 to a different parish after he
admitted sexual activity with a teenage boy. Three years later, the church
received more reports of sexual misconduct by the priest. He was finally removed
from ministry in 1993.

In two other cases, priests accused of abuse did not receive long-range
in-patient treatment despite recommendations in one case by senior church
officials and in the other by the archdiocesan review board. The records show
the priests resisted such treatment.

Some of the documents also suggest that Cardinal Bernard F. Law was more
directly informed about complaints against priests than he has previously
asserted in his public statements about the abuse scandal.

The records contain letters from Cardinal Law to accused priests that are more
personal and sympathetic than those released in other cases. In them, he
compliments the priests or sympathizes with them.

In one case, responding to a letter from a priest accused of sexually assaulting
young women studying to be nuns, he said, "Our recent conversation and your
written reflection are a beautiful testament to the depth of your faith and the
courage of your heart." Cardinal Law added, "It is important that all of us be
reminded by the pain endured by those who have been accused."

Donna M. Morrissey, a spokeswoman for the archdiocese, said today: "We can't
change the past. We can recognize the inadequacy of our policies and change them
and recognize the suffering and the pain the victim-survivors have gone through
and are continuing to go through.

"For the past 11 months our comprehensive new policy has not allowed any priest
with a credible allegation of abuse of a minor to serve in ministry in the
Archdiocese of Boston. We wish it would have been our policy for the last 50
years."

The archdiocese sought late last month to delay the public release of the
documents, and about 10,000 other pages concerning 57 other priests, but a judge
denied their motion, strongly criticizing the church, saying it was trying keep
information from public view.

The release of documents comes at a time when tensions are high over settlement
negotiations in the Shanley case and hundreds of other lawsuits over priests
accused of abuse.

Financial advisers to the archdiocese have said in recent days that the church
is seriously considering filing for bankruptcy. Lawyers in the Shanley case, who
also represent about 200 other plaintiffs, have accused the archdiocese of
threatening bankruptcy to persuade plaintiffs to accept less compensation. The
lawyers have said they will quit negotiating unless the church agrees to put off
consideration of bankruptcy.

"These documents are going to be very important to us in the trial of this
case," said Roderick MacLeish Jr., a plaintiff's lawyer. "Now there's more
context and understanding of what was happening."

Advocates for abuse victims said today that the documents were more troubling
than the records released earlier this year on a handful of priests accused of
abuse because they appeared to show a more consistent pattern of mishandling
abusive priests.

"What is striking to me about these documents is that it is very clear from them
that Cardinal Law and other top archdiocesan officials knew far more, far
earlier about far more priests and their abusive behavior than the officials
have ever let on and yet did so very little," said David Clohessy, national
director of the Survivors Network of Those Abused by Priests, a national group
based in Chicago.

Besides referring to priests accused of molesting boys, today's documents
involve accusations that some priests sexually abused women or girls and that at
least one engaged in significant drug and alcohol use.

In some cases, the documents suggest that archdiocese officials tried to
discourage accusers of priests from filing lawsuits seeking compensation. In the
case of the Ohio priest, Father Robert M. Burns, a memo from the Rev. John B.
McCormack, now the bishop of Manchester, N.H., said he told a meeting with a
family complaining of Father Burns's abuse: "I didn't think compensation would
be helpful to their son. It is not what he needs."

A spokesman for Bishop McCormack said he could not comment on any of the cases
because he had not seen the documents.

Experts on the sexual abuse cases said the Burns case was an example of a
pattern of dioceses around the country accepting troubled priests from other
dioceses, particularly in the 1970's and early 1980's.

"There was a general practice of these guys helping each other out," said
Patrick J. Schiltz, a law professor at the University of Saint Thomas School of
Law in St. Paul, who has represented religious institutions of several
denominations in sexual abuse lawsuits. "It was often thought by bishops that
what these guys needed was a fresh start."

In the case of Father Burns, it was no secret to the Archdiocese of Boston that
he had molested children.

In 1982, when Father Burns applied to be a pastor here, he had just finished
treatment for pedophilia at an institution, the House of Affirmation, which
recommended that he not be given a clergy job involving contact with children,
the documents show. The priest's bishop in Youngstown, Ohio, James W. Malone,
said later in an affidavit that although he supported Father Burns for the job,
he cautioned Boston church officials to keep him away from children.

Boston archdiocese notes about the priest at the time state next to Father
Burns's name: "Problem: little children."

Mr. MacLeish said the note had been written by the second highest-ranking
archdiocesan official in Boston, Bishop Thomas V. Daily, now the bishop of
Brooklyn. The notes also say that Bishop Daily had "reservations" about placing
Father Burns in a parish but that after consultation with the archbishop at the
time, Cardinal Humberto Medeiros, he was made a part-time associate pastor in a
church in the Jamaica Plain neighborhood. Calls seeking comment from Bishop
Daily were not returned.

The documents show that Father Burns was recommended for the post by Bishop
Alfred Hughes, who is now the bishop of New Orleans. A spokesman for Bishop
Hughes, the Rev. William Maestri, said today: "Sometimes after treatment a new
environment and new placement after treatment, a new beginning, is important.
Bishop Hughes was thinking he'd be in a very limited ministry, he would not be
in a parish assignment. This may be the distance he needed."

Father Maestri added, "In hindsight, that judgment did not turn out to be a
sound judgment."

In 1991, with Father Burns now in his second Boston parish, the archdiocese
received a detailed complaint that the priest had repeatedly raped and molested
a boy.

Cardinal Law removed Father Burns from ministry, but wrote him an unusually
consoling note.

"Life is never just one moment or one event and it would be unrealistic to have
too narrow a focus," he wrote. "It would have better were things to have ended
differently, but such was not the case. Nevertheless I still feel that it is
important to express my gratitude to you for the care you have given to the
people of the Archdiocese of Boston."

The letter continues, "I am certain that during this time you have been a
generous instrument of the Lord's love in the lives of most people you served."

In 1999, after publicity about the 1996 conviction of Father Burns for molesting
boys in New Hampshire and after more accusations had surfaced in Boston,
Cardinal Law wrote to the Vatican, acknowledging that the archdiocese was warned
in 1982 "that Father Burns ought not receive an assignment that placed him in a
position to minister to minors."

He continued: "Through a misjudgment of the severity of his past behavior and
the likelihood of its recurrence, Father Burns received the full faculties of
the archdiocese and was twice assigned as part-time parochial vicar to parishes
within the city of Boston. Neither of the pastors with whom he was assigned was
informed of a need to restrict Father Burns's ministry with children."

While events in the Burns case straddle the tenures of two cardinals, some cases
occurred solely during Cardinal Law's tenure, which began in the spring of 1984.

In November of that year, the Rev. Robert H. Morrissette admitted to accusations
that he had invited a boy to his room and run his hand up and down the boy's leg
while the boy was wearing a bathing suit, the documents show. The priest
received treatment by a therapist and Bishop Robert J. Banks, now head of the
diocese of Green Bay, approved his transfer to another parish.

In 1988, a priest who was later accused of molesting children himself told
Bishop Banks that Father Morrissette had had homosexual relationships, and
another priest told Bishop Banks in 1989 that the priest kept pornography in his
room. A note apparently written by Bishop Banks said about Father Morrissette,
"He should come out" of the priesthood. But Father Morrissette was allowed to
remain in ministry until 1993, when the case of the Rev. James Porter, who was
accused of molesting more than 100 people in the nearby diocese of Fall River,
Mass., prompted archdiocesan officials to review the files of Father
Morrissette.

Bishop Banks did not return calls seeking comment.

In another case, Bishop Banks fielded a complaint about the Rev. Robert V.
Meffan in 1986, an anonymous accusation that in the 1960's he had seduced girls
who were studying to be nuns. A memo Mr. MacLeish said was written by Bishop
Banks said that Father Meffan's reactions in a meeting suggest "that the
allegations might well be true: not upset, but matter-of-fact, no desire to know
who or attempt to puzzle it out, no indignation, very dry mouth."

The documents provide no indication that the archdiocese did anything in
response to the accusations. In 1993, after the archdiocese received several
similar complaints from women about Father Meffan's luring them into sex, in one
case telling a girl to imagine that Christ was touching her, he was pulled from
ministry.

Although the archdiocesan review board recommended residential treatment, Father
Meffan refused and was allowed to live at home. In 1996, he wrote Cardinal Law
that he missed the joys of ministry, but was still devoted to Christ, to which
the cardinal wrote the letter sympathizing with the pain of the accused.

Another priest, the Rev. Thomas P. Forry, was the subject of a number of
accusations over more than 15 years, including one he admitted -- beating up a
housekeeper in 1979 -- as well as accusations in 1984 that he had had an 11-year
affair with a woman.

In 1984, the archdiocesan personnel secretary wrote to Cardinal Law that
psychiatrists who evaluated Father Forry felt he should be in a psychiatric
hospital because "he is in grave need of some long-range assistance." Documents
indicate that after Father Forry refused, he had two months of outpatient
treatment.

Later the woman's son complained that Father Forry had molested him. A doctor at
a treatment center found he had "an underlying personality disorder" but did not
believe the abuse accusations were true. In 1999, while Father Forry was serving
as a prison chaplain, the Department of Corrections complained of "scandalous"
and "inappropriate" behavior, saying he was screaming and shouting and
exhibiting emotional and behavioral problems.

An archdiocese official wrote, "I think Father Tom Forry is a deeply troubled
person, that he should be held accountable for his behavior."

After that complaint, Cardinal Law placed Father Forry on the emergency response
team, meaning he would fill in at parishes when the regular priests were on
vacation.

In October 2001, the archdiocese received a complaint that Father Forry molested
a girl and inappropriately touched her brother "some years ago." The girl, now a
woman, was uncomfortable because Father Forry had been assigned to fill in at
her parish and felt "he should not be allowed to preside in a parish setting to
protect other children."

In February 2002, the archdiocese removed Father Forry from active ministry.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart/Photo: "The Case of Father Burns"Notes from the Boston
Archdiocese show the church was aware of accusations against The Rev. Robert M.
Burns (at right) involving contact with children as early as 1982. In 1991,
Cardinal Bernard F. Law wrote him a consoling letter after removing him from
ministry. In 1996, Father Burns was convicted of sexual abuse. (Source:
Archdiocese of Boston)(pg. A26)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pharmacies' indictments tossed after mishandling;
Ruling in performance-enhancing drugs case blamed on prosecutors

BYLINE: A.J. Perez

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 621 words


A New York state judge dismissed indictments Thursday against five people at the
center of  a multi-state investigation into the distribution of
performance-enhancing drugs that ensnared several professional athletes.

Albany County Judge Stephen Herrick rapped county prosecutors for their handling
of "the complex and unwieldy case" against Orlando-based Signature Pharmacy.

Herrick wrote that prosecutors gave such incomplete information and insufficient
instructions to grand jurors that they "have impaired the integrity of the grand
jury proceedings to such a degree that a dismissal is warranted."

Herrick added that the charges -- presented to two different grand juries a
total of four times -- were not well defined. The defendants faced a combined 31
felony and two misdemeanor counts.

The ruling prevents Albany County District Attorney David Soares from seeking
new charges against the husband-wife owners of Signature, Stan and Naomi Loomis,
pharmacist Michael Loomis and associates Kirk Calvert and Anthony Palladino.

"The game's over," says Amy Tingley, the lawyer for Signature Pharmacy. "My
clients are relieved that they can put this behind them and move on with their
lives. After 20 months, (prosecutors) failed to put up a case that could even
proceed to trial. We were always confident that we could prevail once it got to
a jury, but the judge found there weren't even grounds to continue the case."

Since January 2007, Soares' office has indicted 22 people linked to nine
pharmacies or so-called wellness centers, most based in Florida. Seventeen have
pleaded guilty, including Anthony Forgione, whose plea deal on three felony
counts of distributing a controlled substance was accepted Thursday. Charges
against two defendants, Steven and Karen Lampert of Nanuet, N.Y., were dropped
in November 2007.

Thursday's decision has no effect on those who have taken pleas.

"We have received the decision issued by Judge Herrick this morning regarding
the five Signature defendants," Soares said in a statement. "We do not agree and
are appealing this decision."

Rodney Harrison, a safety for the NFL's New England Patriots, was suspended by
the league for four games last season for violating its policy on banned
substances. He purchased human growth hormone (HGH) from a wellness center in
Florida connected to the investigation, Chris Baynes, an Albany County assistant
district attorney told The Boston Globe last year.

Dallas Cowboys assistant coach Wade Wilson was suspended for five games and
fined $100,000 by the NFL after it learned through the investigation that
Wilson, while a member of the Chicago Bears' staff, had purchased a banned
substance from a company that later was targeted.

Soares and members of his office also met with investigators for former Sen.
George Mitchell, who was tapped by Major League Baseball to investigate
performance-enhancing drug use in that sport.

Last December's Mitchell Report alleged St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Rick
Ankiel, Cleveland Indians pitcher Paul Byrd (now with the Boston Red Sox) and
former major leaguers Jay Gibbons and Jason Grimsley received shipments of HGH
from Signature. The report also said New York Mets reliever Scott Schoeneweis
and Cardinals third baseman Troy Glaus received shipments of steroids.

None of the players were punished by Major League Baseball.

Tingley says Soares, who is running for another four-year term this November,
has been "going after what's going to get the most publicity."

Soares said in his statement Thursday his office, with cooperation from
authorities in New York and Florida, has "been able to disrupt a
multimillion-dollar criminal enterprise trafficking illegal steroids to
thousands of people across the country."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mike Ehrmann, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 18, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Scams cost FEMA millions;
The Federal Emergency Management Agency often sends money intended for disaster
victims to thousands who suffered little or no damage.

BYLINE: SOUTH FLORIDA SUN-SENTINEL

SECTION: NEWS; BEHIND THE HEADLINES; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 704 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla.


The federal government's mishandling of the Hurricane Katrina catastrophe is
only the latest bungling in a national disaster response system that for years
has been fraught with waste and fraud.

A South Florida Sun-Sentinel investigation has found that, in five years, the
Federal Emergency Management Agency poured at least $330 million into
communities that were spared the devastating effects of fires, hurricanes,
floods and tornadoes.

In the country's poorest, inner city neighborhoods, disaster assistance is
considered an entitlement. Taxpayer money intended to help victims recover from
catastrophes has gone instead to thousands who suffered little or no damage,
including:

$5.2 million to Los Angeles-area residents for the 2003 wildfires that burned
more than 25 miles away.

$168.5 million to Detroit residents for a 2000 rainstorm that local officials
don't even remember.

$21.6 million in clothing losses alone to Cleveland residents for a 2003 storm
that brought less than an 1 1/2 inches of rain.

The Sun-Sentinel exposed fraud and waste in federal disaster aid in Florida last
year, when FEMA distributed $31 million in Hurricane Frances relief to
Miami-Dade County residents who had not been subjected to hurricane conditions.

Reacting to those reports, U.S. senators and federal auditors feared similar
problems in disasters throughout the country.

The newspaper examined 20 of the 313 disasters declared by FEMA from 1999
through 2004, selecting cities where the agency's inspectors said they had
encountered large-scale fraud. Of the $1.2 billion FEMA paid in those disasters,
27 percent went to areas where official reports showed only minor damage or none
at all, the Sun-Sentinel found.

FEMA declined to answer questions about the newspaper's findings.

In impoverished neighborhoods from California to the Carolinas, from Florida to
Michigan, the newspaper found the same patterns. Residents call FEMA assistance
"free money," "easy money" and "mobility money." Scamming FEMA is widely known
and openly discussed.

In Cleveland's recreation centers, barber shops and day care centers, residents
said people hauled old clothes and furniture into their basements, then reported
to FEMA that the items had been damaged by flooding from the 2003 storm. City
officials documented 73 homes with minor damage, yet the federal government gave
28,500 Cleveland-area residents $41.4 million.

In Baton Rouge, FEMA was a familiar and welcome sight long before the Louisiana
capital was inundated with Katrina evacuees. In 2002, Hurricane Lili damaged
small towns on the bayous but spared Baton Rouge, about 70 miles inland.

Yet FEMA gave $15.4 million to 13,714 residents in and around Baton Rouge.

On front porches and in grocery stores, word spread of a government handout that
came without hassles.

"Oh, man, it's easy," Elias Chaney, 49, of Baton Rouge, said neighbors told him.
"Get you a new TV. Get your own sofa set. Ain't no red tape."

Baton Rouge residents told the Sun-Sentinel of neighbors ripping siding off
their homes to fake storm damage and then repairing it after FEMA inspectors
left.

Chaney said he knew of people passing a broken television set from one applicant
to another, each claiming the set and telling the government it had been ruined
by the storm.

In Los Angeles after the 2003 wildfires in surrounding areas, smoke was the key.
Tell FEMA that smoke ruined your TV, got in your clothes, messed up the paint
job on your car, residents said.

FEMA gave out checks, some for almost $9,000, to Los Angeles-area residents.

In Michigan, a September 2000 storm flooded thousands of homes in the suburbs
south of Detroit. State records in support of a presidential disaster
declaration do not mention any problems within Detroit city limits, and local
water officials reported no spike in complaints for flooding or sewer backups.

FEMA's response -- $168.5 million to 87,624 Detroit residents -- turned into one
of the "largest individual assistance declarations in U.S. history," a Michigan
state report noted.

"I would describe something like that as being catastrophic," said George W.
Ellenwood, spokesman for the Detroit Water & Sewerage Department. "I'm sitting
here and thinking, 'Why don't we remember this?' "

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Email Inquiry, Clinton Backers Cry Foul Over What F.B.I. Considers Procedure

BYLINE: By ADAM GOLDMAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1108 words


WASHINGTON -- After a federal judge unsealed a search warrant this week that the
F.B.I. had used to examine emails related to the previously closed inquiry into
Hillary Clinton's private server, some of her backers said it proved their
contention that the warrant should never have been sought because it would not
have changed the outcome of that investigation.

The decision by the bureau's director, James B. Comey, to make the new email
examination public in the presidential election's closing days was a ''stain''
on his legacy and amounted to an ''extraordinary impropriety,'' Mrs. Clinton's
supporters said. Mrs. Clinton herself has said that Mr. Comey's move cost her
the election.

But while the F.B.I. ultimately did not find anything to alter its decision in
July not to pursue criminal charges against Mrs. Clinton or her aides, agents
believed they needed to examine the emails to be certain there was nothing new
in them. This is common procedure for the bureau, whether the case involves a
former secretary of state like Mrs. Clinton or anyone else.

In seeking the warrant, agents told the judge there was reason to believe the
new emails might contain classified information. The emails were found on the
laptop of Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, a top Clinton
aide. The laptop was not authorized to store classified information. The judge
said there was sufficient probable cause and signed the warrant on Oct. 30.

''The standard for probable cause is 'more likely than not,''' said Ron Hosko, a
former F.B.I. assistant director. ''What's probable cause? Something that makes
it more likely or not that there is information related to a federal offense and
it exists in this location. You're not trying to make the federal case. You're
trying to get over a legal threshold, and it is the lowest legal threshold there
is.''

The renewed inquiry into Mrs. Clinton's email server started after agents began
investigating allegations that Mr. Weiner, a former congressman, had sent
illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. When agents took
possession of his laptop this year, they found thousands of emails that belonged
to Ms. Abedin and could see that she had used her clintonemail.com and Yahoo.com
email addresses.

In its previous investigation, the F.B.I. had determined that both of those
private email addresses had been used to send information that was later deemed
to be classified. The F.B.I. also knew that Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Abedin had
exchanged more than 4,000 emails from 2009 to 2013.

The F.B.I. said that because Ms. Abedin, using those two email accounts, had
exchanged classified information with Mrs. Clinton in the past, agents had
reason to seek a search warrant.

''There is also probable cause to believe that the correspondence between them''
on the laptop ''contains classified information which was produced by and is
owned by the U.S. government,'' according to the F.B.I.'s search warrant.

The warrant said the bureau believed that the 1917 Espionage Act might have been
violated, a surprising possibility given that such crimes are felonies that can
carry up to 10 years in prison. Mr. Comey said in July that the F.B.I. had
investigated two possible violations of the Espionage Act, but had found nothing
to support charges. Before Mr. Comey said that, it was believed that the F.B.I.
was focusing primarily on the potential mishandling of classified information, a
misdemeanor.

One of the possible crimes referred to in the warrant was gross negligence under
the Espionage Act, a charge that Mr. Comey himself had said was rarely used.
''No reasonable prosecutor would bring the second case in 100 years based on
gross negligence,'' Mr. Comey told Congress in July.

Agents were also concerned that any classified information on the computer could
have ended up in the wrong hands. They said a forensic analysis would be needed
to determine whether the computer had been hacked.

Shortly after the warrant was unsealed on Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton's supporters
took aim at Mr. Comey and the F.B.I.

Brian Fallon, the Clinton campaign spokesman, dismissed the probable cause in
the F.B.I. warrant, saying on Twitter, ''There was nothing in search warrant
filing to controvert Comey's statements from July and truly establish probable
cause of a crime.''

''Whenever Comey departs F.B.I., this episode will be in first graf of any
assessment of his tenure. It is stain on his personal legacy & on F.B.I.,'' Mr.
Fallon said in another post.

Mrs. Clinton's lawyer, David E. Kendall, said Mr. Comey's reasoning for going
public with the new email examination in October was ''both legally unauthorized
and factually unnecessary.''

Mr. Comey has said he had no choice but to inform Congress because he had
pledged to do so if the bureau found new information related to the email
investigation. Mr. Comey was convinced that if Congress found out that agents
were essentially reopening the investigation, his job would be in peril, and the
reputation of the bureau would be tarnished.

Some officials have argued that both of those things happened anyway.

In his statement, Mr. Kendall did not take issue with the F.B.I.'s reasons for
seeking a search warrant. But the unsealing of the warrant reopened deep wounds
for him and other Clinton supporters. For them, the warrant was just one of
several mistakes by Mr. Comey that cost them the election, including when he
accused Mrs. Clinton and her aides of having been ''extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information.''

John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton's campaign chairman, recently wrote in The
Washington Post that the F.B.I. had been wrongly fixated on the email case. As
the Russians were meddling in the election, he said, the F.B.I. was basically
wasting time investigating what Mrs. Clinton's supporters call the inadvertent
mishandling of information that was deemed classified after it was sent.

''Comparing the F.B.I.'s massive response to the overblown email scandal with
the seemingly lackadaisical response to the very real Russian plot to subvert a
national election shows that something is deeply broken at the F.B.I.,'' Mr.
Podesta said.

Glen Kopp, a former federal prosecutor, said Mr. Podesta's argument was not a
fair comparison. The warrant was legitimate, he said: The F.B.I. was
investigating potential criminal conduct, and a judge approved it.

But on Mr. Comey, he said, Clinton backers ''have a legitimate beef with him for
going public.''

Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the
Morning Briefing newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/21/us/politics/hillary-clinton-email-warrant.html

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Hillary Clinton exchanged more than 4,000 emails with Huma
Abedin, left, from 2009 to 2013. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              September 15, 2000, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Justice gone awry

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 533 words



There should be a full, independent investigation of the mishandling of the Wen
Ho Lee case, and apologies should be made, if appropriate.

One way or the other, the government has botched the Wen Ho Lee case. Either Dr.
Lee is a master spy who will go virtually unpunished for sneaking U.S. nuclear
secrets to the Chinese government, or - as now seems much more likely - Lee was
slandered and mistreated by our government in its rush to find a scapegoat for
an alarming pattern of lax security at the Los Alamos laboratory and other
sensitive installations.

In a deal with federal authorities, Lee, who was fired as a scientist at Los
Alamos, has pleaded guilty to a single count of improperly downloading
classified nuclear secrets. An additional 58 charges were dropped, and Lee will
serve no further time in prison. Meanwhile, government investigators want Lee
and the rest of the world to forget their original allegation that Lee was a
traitor acting on behalf of a foreign power.

In an extraordinarily scathing statement from the bench, U.S. District Judge
James A. Parker accused Attorney General Janet Reno, Energy Secretary Bill
Richardson and other Clinton administration officials of misconduct for having
subjected Lee to "demeaning and terribly punitive" conditions during his
nine-month confinement. Parker also apologized to Lee for having denied him bail
in December on the basis of testimony FBI investigators now acknowledge was
repeatedly inaccurate.

Reno was typically stubborn Thursday in refusing to apologize to Lee or
acknowledge any wrongdoing on the part of her office. President Clinton set a
better tone, saying he was "quite troubled" by the government's treatment of
Lee. He should follow up by ordering a full investigation, for two important
reasons.

First, if Lee wasn't passing our nuclear secrets to foreign governments, someone
else must have been. China has managed to copy some of our most sophisticated
nuclear secrets, and the resulting revelations of the Energy Department's
inadequate protocols for protecting classified data at our weapons labs warrant
a top-to-bottom review.

Second, there is evidence Lee was singled out for suspicion because of his
Chinese ancestry. Scientists say the data downloaded by Lee was of dubious
strategic value, and Energy Department investigators say white personnel at Los
Alamos have been only gently reprimanded for comparable security breaches.
Responsible journalists helped to uncover the facts that changed the perception
of the case against Lee, but that came long after the media trashed Lee's
reputation by hyping the government's original allegations.

Racial profiling is unacceptable, whether it occurs during a traffic stop or a
national security investigation. Most governments, including ours, engage in
espionage, and Beijing has been especially aggressive in attempting to steal
nuclear secrets. However, history shows that those willing to betray our secrets
come from a melting pot of ethnicities. The mishandling of the case against Dr.
Lee should prompt a full, independent investigation and, if found to be
appropriate, a formal apology to Lee and the Chinese-American community.


LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

The AD's lowlights and highlights

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


LOWS

Perceived mishandling of Frank Solich's firing. Pederson fired Frank Solich on
Nov. 30, 2003, a day after the sixth-year football coach completed a 9-3 regular
season. It's a move that rankled many fans and pleased many others.  Problem
was, news of Solich's impending dismissal leaked a week prior to Pederson's
announcement.

The long search for a football coach. Finding Solich's replacement took 41 days.
Pederson kept fans and media in the dark the entire time, not offering any
updates on the process until a Jan. 3 press conference, when he denied having
offered the job to anyone. Several coaches rejected Pederson's overtures,
including Arkansas coach Houston Nutt, Dallas Cowboys defensive coordinator Mike
Zimmer and Kansas City Chiefs offensive coordinator Al Saunders.

The football program's struggles. Pederson's biggest hire, Bill Callahan, hasn't
produced the desired results. Under Callahan's watch, the Huskers endured the
worst defeat in school history, suffered through the school's first losing
record since 1961 and had their streak of 35 consecutive bowl appearances
snapped. Nebraska rebounded to win the Big 12 North title last season, but this
year is 4-3, with losses of 49-31 to USC, 41-6 at Missouri and 45-14 to Oklahoma
State, the worst home loss since 1958.

Morale in the athletic department. Some key members of Pederson's staff have
left, including Paul Meyers, associate athletic director for major gifts, and
Paul Miles, associate athletic director for marketing. Meyers said he resigned
for personal reasons. Prominent booster Howard Hawks said  Meyers' departure
"leaves a big hole in terms of (financial) development." Meyers' resignation was
to be effective Monday.

Disconnect with fans. The firing of Solich and the hiring of Callahan created a
fan divide this state isn't accustomed to. Some vowed to stop offering financial
support, creating a perceived notion that fundraising, particularly for the
North Stadium expansion, was going slower than expected. As of late last month,
Nebraska had received cash and pledges totaling $31 million toward the goal of
$40 million for the North Stadium project.

HIGHS

The hiring of Doc Sadler. It's too early to judge for certain whether Sadler can
take the Nebraska's men's basketball program to another level. But early returns
are quite favorable. The outgoing Sadler has been wildly popular with fans,
tickets sales are up and morale around the program is the highest it's been in
years.

The 2006 volleyball national championship. Some will point out that Pederson had
nothing to do with the program's success, but anytime an athletic program wins a
national championship, it's a feather in the cap of the A.D.

North Stadium expansion project. Nebraska was in dire need of a football
facilities upgrade, and Pederson spearheaded that effort. The expansion
increased Memorial Stadium's capacity to 81,067 and offered better fan
amenities, while the new football locker room, weight room, indoor practice
building and training facilities helped boost recruiting efforts.

Financial stability. Nebraska's self-supporting athletic department has remained
in sound financial shape. The department's $66.7 million budget for 2007-08
includes a drop in spending offset by a larger reduction in its debt
obligations.

Regional and national contributions. Pederson was a key figure in helping
reshape the Big 12 Conference's television package this season. He served as
chairman of the NCAA Football Issues Committee, starting in 2006. He's been a
vocal leader in an effort to seek five years of eligibility for football
players.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 1. Bo Pelini coached the Huskers in the 2003 Alamo Bowl after Frank
Solich was fired by Steve Pederson following a 9-3 regular season. Pelini was
considered a candidate for the opening before Bill Callahan was hired. LINCOLN
JOURNAL STAR FILE PHOTO 2. Steve Pederson took charge when NU upgraded its
football facilities. More than 6,000 seats were added to the North Stadium as
well as new offices, locker room and one of college football's biggest video
boards. LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR FILE PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 7, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

At Emergency Call Center, Worries Abound

BYLINE: Manuel Roig-Franzia, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: ANNE ARUNDEL EXTRA; Pg. T03

LENGTH: 996 words


The frustrated 911 operators call them "ghosts." They pop onto computer screens
at the Anne Arundel County 911 center without warning, then disappear again.

The ghosts are usually addresses or license plate numbers or descriptions of
suspects from previous calls that flash into the middle of an operator's
computer screen while she is typing in information from a new caller.

The ghosts can stop action when time is everything, call takers say. They worry
that, someday, those lost seconds could cost a life. They worry, too, that a
ghost will cost them their jobs -- that they'll be blamed for a computer's
flaws.

Worry is a watchword these days at the understaffed center, which handles more
than 300,000 emergency calls annually.

There was a time, not so long ago, when no one talked much about 911 in Anne
Arundel. The emergency service was taken for granted and assumed to be
infallible. But that changed last fall when Police Chief P. Thomas Shanahan
fired two 911 center workers for allegedly mishandling an emergency call during
a carjacking that ended in the slaying of a Glen Burnie pharmacist, Yvette A.
Beakes.

The trial of the four men accused of killing Beakes, which had been scheduled to
start tomorrow, has been delayed until March 6, so DNA tests can be completed
and so a petition by one of the defendants for his case to be moved to the
juvenile courts can be heard.

The trial is sure to recharge the debate about the call center.

Police officials have tried to reassure the public, calling the Beakes case an
anomaly.

"The public has nothing to fear when they call 911. We're going to respond as
quickly as we can to their needs," said Lt. Joseph E. Jordan, spokesman for the
Anne Arundel police.

But some 911 center workers paint a grimmer picture.

"I tell you, I hope I don't have to dial 911 someday. There's only a handful of
people that I would trust my call with," said a veteran 911 dispatcher who spoke
on condition of anonymity.

Seething emotions color any discussion of the center. The firing of the two
workers involved in the Beakes case, neither of whom has been identified,
angered many call takers and dispatchers who thought their colleagues were
unfairly marked as scapegoats. The Shanahan administration, though, has been
unequivocal, insisting that human errors were responsible for a lengthy delay in
dispatching officers to the scene of the carjacking.

"Morale is the worst it's ever been," said Merrell Hawkins, a former 911 center
worker who is in frequent contact with her one-time colleagues and who has been
a vocal advocate for reforms at the center.

Shanahan has had to walk a fine line, simultaneously arguing that the 911 center
serves the public's needs and instituting changes designed to improve it.

In the months since the Beakes slaying, Shanahan has conducted an administrative
review. The review recommended some fine-tuning of the center, but it concluded
that its equipment and procedures are largely effective.

The chief also ordered officers to limit calls to the center and attempted to
ease a staffing shortage by offering positions in the center to patrol officers
who had previously worked as 911 call takers or dispatchers. The officers, who
are already paid significantly more than 911 workers, get overtime pay to work
at the call center. The overtime policy has rankled some 911 workers, who have
long complained about their compensation.

"You have overworked, underpaid, stressed-out people trying to do the best they
can," said Hawkins, whose husband, Ricky, is the former president of the
Fraternal Order of Police lodge that represents the Anne Arundel police.

The County Council's recent authorization of a pay raise for dispatchers has
done little to assuage them. The raise, which will take effect in July, lifts
dispatchers' maximum hourly pay from $ 16.79 to $ 17.64. Call takers, who talk
with 911 callers and send information electronically to dispatchers, can make up
to $ 15.21 per hour.

The hiring of former officers to work alongside 911 dispatchers and call-takers
is a stopgap measure designed to deal with the center's staffing woes. The
center has only 53 of 70 positions filled with trained workers. There are seven
vacancies; six new workers are getting on-the-job training; and another four are
taking training courses.

"We're likely to ask [the County Council] for additional people down there,"
Jordan, the police spokesman, said.

Some of those who are on the job now fear that a mistake will leave them without
a job. They have rallied behind the two workers fired in the Beakes case, who
have filed an appeal with a county personnel board. One of the two workers, a
call taker who had eight years on the job, was accused of not following proper
procedures in alerting dispatchers that a caller at a pay phone across from
Beakes's apartment reported the carjacking not long after someone called from
the same phone and hung up without saying anything. The other, a dispatcher, who
worked at the call center for 24 years, was accused of failing to pass
information about the second call to officers.

Union officials have blamed the mishandling of the call on what they say is an
antiquated computer system. Police administrators say the computer system gets
regular software upgrades and is effective.

Even so, some at the 911 center are so skittish that they cover themselves by
dispatching officers to places they probably don't need to go, the veteran
dispatcher said. Once, a nervous and inexperienced call taker sent an officer to
give directions to a lost motorist, the dispatcher said.

"We're afraid if we make a mistake, we're going to get fired," the dispatcher
said.

But mistakes are inevitable, Hawkins, the former center worker, said. She wants
the county to spend more on salaries and computers. In the meantime, she said,
she'll wait and worry and wonder about who might be the next Yvette Beakes.

"I'm sure it will happen again," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 21, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

70'S TOXIC WASTE DISPOSAL OPENS QUESTIONS ON DIOXIN

BYLINE: By FRANCES FRANK MARCUS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 913 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 19


The mishandling of toxic wastes by a Louisiana disposal company 12 years ago has
raised questions about what happened to dioxin shipped to it around the same
time by a Missouri chemical plant.

Shortly after the Louisiana company was sent the dioxin shipments, Federal court
records show, it joined in a secret agreement to sell other toxic wastes, trying
to insure they could never be traced to their origin. These wastes were trucked
away, dumped in a crude oil pipeline and sent to a refinery in Kentucky, where
they blew up.

The Louisiana concern, Rollins-Purle Inc., was eventually identified as the
source of the wastes by investigators for the refinery's owner, the Ashland Oil
Company. In 1979 the oil company won a suit against Rollins and others in a case
heard by Federal District Judge Jack Gordon. Last year the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld the judge's decision. Attorneys for both
parties would not disclose the amount of the settlement.

38 Pounds of Dioxin

According to records of the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, 38 pounds
of dioxin, the most toxic man-made chemical, were sent in 12,600 gallons of
waste from the North Eastern Pharmaceutical and Chemical Company in Verona, Mo.,
to be burned at Rollins-Purle, now Rollins Environmental Services Inc. (La.),
near Baton Rouge in shipments on Nov. 30 and Dec. 4, 1970.

At that time, Federal court records show, Rollins was trying to dispose of a
huge shipment of toxic wastes from a chemical plant in La Place, La., west of
New Orleans, operated by E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Company. This waste was so
caustic it corroded and eventually disabled the Rollins incinerator.

It is not known whether the dioxin-laden wastes from the Missouri plant were
burned before the Rollins incinerator was shut down for repairs March 1, 1971,
or whether they were mixed with other hazardous wastes, as was common then, and
disposed of in some other way.

Frank Simoneaux, Secretary of the state's Department of Natural Resources, said
recently that he was convinced Rollins had incinerated the material. ''There's
never been any indication that it went any other place,'' he said. ''We
questioned Rollins extensively. You can't search for a negative worldwide.''

According to Charles Callicott, vice president of Rollins, the company has no
records that would indicate how the shipments were handled. ''It is not a common
practice to retain business records for that long a time,'' he said.

Trail of Toxic Wastes

The trail of the wastes from the Du Pont plant is much clearer.  The Federal
court record indicates that when Rollins found itself unable to incinerate the
wastes, it resorted to the same solution found by North Eastern: The material
was sold to someone else.

According to the findings of Judge Gordon, Rollins sold the wastes under a
''secrecy pact'' in which the buyer was required to assure the company in
writing that the material would ''not be traced back to its original origin.''

Rollins took additional precautions to insure that this material could not be
traced to its Baton Rouge facility, according to the judge. Invoices were not
prepared, sale proceeds were put into petty cash and none of the transactions
were recorded in the company's books or records.

In his 1979 opinion, Judge Gordon concluded that Rollins had ''intended the
consequences'' of its conduct. ''The evidence is clear,'' the judge wrote, that
Rollins intended to inject the hazardous waste ''into a crude oil pipeline and
that Rollins's president, vice president and several of its personnel at its
Baton Rouge facility were privy to this plan.''

A Chemical Byproduct

According to the court record, a byproduct of the Du Pont plant's operations was
dichlorobutadiene, a chemical containing heavy concentrations of organic
chlorides, which are dangerous when touched or inhaled. When Rollins solicited a
contract to dispose of this material, Du Pont warned of its danger.

Although corrosion caused by the toxic material had forced the shutdown of its
incinerator, Rollins continued to accept the wastes and bought railroad tank
cars for storage.

The judge found that Rollins had entered into an agreement with Larry Young to
haul off Du Pont's wastes. According to a Rollins interoffice memorandum, the
wastes were to be ''mixed with crude stock for discharge into pipelines.'' Mr.
Young agreed to pay 35 cents a barrel for the wastes and arrange for trucks to
haul it. The loads began to leave the plant about March 28, 1971.

According to the court record, no records were kept of the trucks' arrivals or
departures. At least one truck driver complained that the material's pungent
smell made him ill. Consequently, Rollins added creosote to the wastes to
disguise the odor.

The court record gave this account: About 2,016 barrels of the wastes were
pumped into two storage tanks in woods near Natchez, Miss. These tanks were
owned by Waco Inc., a small oil-reclaiming operator. Waco paid Mr. Young $2.60 a
barrel for the wastes.

Waco sold some of these wastes to the Miller Oil Purchasing Company in
Mississippi for $3.16 a barrel. Miller, a regular supplier of oil to Ashland,
pumped 1,941 barrels of the toxic wastes into the Ashland Pipeline Company's
oil-gathering lines. The Du Pont waste traveled through pipes from Mississippi
to Patoka, Ill., then to Ashland's Catlettsburg refinery, where they arrived
April 18, 1971, and exploded the next day.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 18, 2005 Sunday

Fraud, waste found in past FEMA programs

BYLINE: South Florida Sun-Sentinel

SECTION: MAIN; BRIEF; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1661 words


FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- The federal government's mishandling of the Hurricane
Katrina catastrophe is only the latest bungling in a national disaster response
system that for years has been fraught with waste and fraud.

A South Florida Sun-Sentinel investigation has found that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency in five years poured at least $330 million into communities
that were spared the devastating effects of fires, hurricanes, floods and
tornadoes.

Taxpayer money meant to help victims recover from catastrophes instead has gone
to thousands of people who suffered little or no damage, including:

* $5.2 million to Los Angeles-area residents for the 2003 wildfires that burned
more than 25 miles away.

* $168.5 million to Detroit residents for a 2000 rainstorm that the then-mayor
doesn't even remember.

* $21.6 million in clothing losses alone to Cleveland residents for a 2003 storm
that brought less than an inch and a half of rain.

The newspaper examined 20 of the 313 disasters declared by FEMA from 1999
through 2004, selecting cities where the agency's inspectors said they had
encountered large-scale fraud. Of the $1.2 billion FEMA paid in those disasters,
27 percent went to areas where official reports showed only minor damage or none
at all, the Sun-Sentinel found.

"It's so disturbing because we have urgent needs to help individuals who truly
are the victims of disasters," said Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine.

As chairwoman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs
Committee, Collins is leading a congressional inquiry into the federal response
to Katrina.

FEMA declined to answer questions about the newspaper's findings.

"Disaster assistance is provided at the specific request of a governor and we
are constantly evaluating our programs," FEMA spokeswoman Nicol Andrews said in
an e-mail to the paper.

'FREE MONEY'

In impoverished neighborhoods from California to the Carolinas, from Florida to
Michigan, the newspaper found the same patterns. Residents call FEMA assistance
"free money," "easy money" and "mobility money." Scamming FEMA is widely known
and openly discussed.

In Cleveland, residents it was not unusual for people to haul old clothes and
furniture into their basements and tell FEMA the items were damaged by flooding
from the 2003 storm. City officials documented 73 homes with minor damage, yet
the federal government gave 28,500 Cleveland-area residents $41.4 million.

"We didn't have much flooding in the city," said Tom Marsalis, deputy
commissioner of Cleveland's Division of Water Pollution Control. "Basically,
that was a normal storm for us."

Julie Cobb, 37, whose southeast Cleveland neighborhood received $6.6 million
from FEMA, said "everybody was talking about it on the bus."

"All you had to do was tell FEMA stuff was ruined and they'd send you a check,"
Cobb said. "If you had a little water in the basement, you could throw some
stuff down there and get some money for it."

In Baton Rouge, FEMA was a familiar and welcome sight long before the Louisiana
capital was inundated with Katrina evacuees. In 2002, Hurricane Lili damaged
small towns on the bayous but spared Baton Rouge, about 70 miles inland.

"We did not feel the effects of it," said Paul Arrigo, president and CEO of the
Baton Rouge Area Convention and Visitors Bureau. "I live in East Baton Rouge
Parish, and we experienced absolutely no damage whatsoever."

Yet FEMA gave $15.4 million to 13,714 parish residents in and around Baton
Rouge.

On front porches and in grocery stores, word spread of a government handout that
came without hassles.

"Oh, man, it's easy," Elias Chaney, 49, of Baton Rouge, said neighbors told him.
"Get you a new TV. Get your own sofa set. Ain't no red tape."

Baton Rouge residents told the Sun-Sentinel of neighbors ripping siding off
their homes to fake storm damage and then repairing it after FEMA inspectors
left. Chaney said he knew of people passing broken televisions from one
applicant to another, each claiming the TV and telling the government it had
been ruined by the storm.

FIRES, FLOOD, FRAUD

In Los Angeles after the 2003 wildfires in surrounding areas, smoke was the key.
Tell FEMA that smoke ruined your TV, got in your clothes, messed up the paint
job on your car, residents said.

"All you've got to do is say something was damaged," said Tasha Williams, a
26-year-old mother of three and tenant of Imperial Courts, a public housing
development in the Watts section of Los Angeles. "It's free money."

FEMA gave out checks, some for almost $9,000, to Los Angeles-area residents.

"If it had been our program and the same thing had occurred, I would have
started an investigation because clearly something went haywire," said Dallas
Jones, former director of the California Governor's Office of Emergency
Services.

Now a consultant, Jones served as California's coordinator for the wildfires,
working closely with FEMA. He said he had expected "less than $200,000" in FEMA
claims in Los Angeles, not $5.2 million.

In Michigan, a September 2000 storm flooded thousands of homes in the suburbs
south of Detroit. State records in support of a presidential disaster
declaration do not mention any problems within Detroit city limits, and local
water officials reported no spike in complaints for flooding or sewer backups.

FEMA's response -- $168.5 million to 87,624 Detroit residents -- turned into one
of the "largest individual assistance declarations in U.S. history," a Michigan
state report noted.

"I would describe something like that as being catastrophic," said George
Ellenwood, spokesman for the Detroit Water & Sewerage Department. "I'm sitting
here and thinking, 'Why don't we remember this?' ''

After Hurricane Frances left Florida last year, the storm pounded the mountains
and foothills of western North Carolina with up to 17 inches of rain, washing
out roads and bridges, wrecking homes and triggering mudslides.

Yet residents in six counties in the southeastern part of the state known as the
Coastal Plain region -- 200 miles away -- received more than half the $21
million FEMA awarded statewide.

"There was a lot of fraud," said David L. Carter, emergency management director
in Robeson County in southeastern North Carolina. "I'll tell you, there was a
lot of fraud."

Carter estimated that 95 percent of the claims were for damage caused by
previous storms or lack of upkeep on homes, "old stuff that happened years and
years ago." FEMA also gave money for broken-down, abandoned cars, he said.

So much money poured into neighboring Bladen County that used-car dealers and
clothing stores placed signs in their windows that read, "We take FEMA checks,"
said County Commissioner Delilah Blanks.

"(Residents) just went on a Christmas shopping spree for cars, just good-timing
money," Blanks said.

FOLLOW-UP RARE

In Baton Rouge, Shawanda Williams called her $600 FEMA check for Lili "mobility
money."

"I went and got ... another house" to rent, said the 22-year-old personal care
assistant.

FEMA aid covers only uninsured losses and tends to be most heavily concentrated
in poorer communities, where it can be a huge windfall. Unlike other government
programs such as food stamps, where recipients get debit cards that can be used
only for approved items, FEMA has traditionally handed out checks for up to
$25,600.

FEMA determines the amount based on losses reported by applicants and approved
by inspectors. Recipients are told to repair or replace items lost, but FEMA
rarely follows up to see how the money was spent.

Chaney, of Baton Rouge, described FEMA as a "blessing" to poor people who
struggle daily to buy food and pay their bills. "I guess some people saw an
opportunity," he said.

That opportunity has been known to FEMA for at least four years. In testimony
before Congress after he took over FEMA in 2001, Joe Allbaugh cautioned that
federal disaster assistance had evolved into "an oversized entitlement program."

Allbaugh's successor, former FEMA Director Michael Brown, denied any widespread
problems, even after 16 residents of Miami-Dade County in Florida were charged
with fraud in connection with payments received under a FEMA program for those
affected by Hurricane Frances last year.

"It's a pretty darn good track record," Brown told CNN in July.

Under a barrage of criticism for his agency's failings in its Katrina relief
efforts, Brown resigned his post on Monday after being relieved of his duties
and sent back to Washington.

TOO LITTLE, TOO LATE?

In city after city, the Sun-Sentinel found, some people have applied for
disaster assistance again and again, even when they had no damage.

In Robeson County, N.C., one woman living in a 12-foot-wide mobile home
collected $8,000 from FEMA for Hurricane Floyd in 1999 and another $7,000 for
Frances, said Carter, the emergency director.

"The whole trailer would have sold for $2,000," he said.

Curtistine McMichael of northeast Cleveland said she received $1,400 from FEMA
for a May 2004 storm that flooded her basement, damaging a washer, a TV, a
mini-bar and a lawn mower.

She tried to collect for the 2003 storm there but said FEMA turned her down.

"I was just going to make up some stuff," said McMichael, 45. "When you hear
that FEMA is giving away money, you make up things ... you put things on the
list that you really didn't lose."

In response to demands by U.S. senators to fix problems uncovered in the Frances
payments in Miami-Dade, FEMA in August announced changes to its aid program in a
document called "Building on Success."

Emergency managers said FEMA's response to criticism is too little, too late.

"It's just so much fraud," said Blanks, the Bladen County, N.C., commissioner.
"It's unbelievable how corrupt that whole FEMA thing has become. People are just
making up -- just making up -- these damages."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 19, 2005 Wednesday

Get auditors in Iraq

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 519 words


THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT is spending $142 billion on military operations in Iraq.
Yet for the past year, the chief Pentagon agency in charge of investigating and
reporting fraud and waste has been AWOL. That is inexcusable and leaves the door
wide open to fraud and misuse of taxpayer money.

When the war began more than two years ago, the Defense Department's inspector
general sent auditors into Iraq to ensure that money was being properly spent.
But in October 2004, they left, claiming that other agencies such as the Defense
Contract Audit Agency and Government Accounting Office, were watching spending.

That is not good enough. Those agencies do not have the expertise, access and
mandate that the inspector general has. Moreover, they do not make their reports
public.

The special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction oversees just $18.4
billion in contracts, yet has a 45-person staff in Baghdad. Amazingly, there is
no staff in Iraq to keep track of the $142 billion in Defense Department
spending, nor are there plans to reinstate an auditing staff.

Investigators found fraudulent contracting practices in the rebuilding effort.
Millions of dollars in cash were missing or unaccounted for.

The Defense Department has been criticized for the billing practices of Kellogg
Brown & Root, a subsidiary of Halliburton Inc. In the spring of 2004, a Knight
Ridder investigation found that KBR charged the Defense Department to move
convoys of empty trucks across central Iraq.

With no inspector general staff in Baghdad, it is even more difficult to find
mishandling of funds. In fact, little has been found because of inadequate
attention. Between October 2004 and now, only one of the 107 audits listed on
the Defense Department inspector general's Web site is about Iraq.

In sharp contrast, the reconstruction inspector general, which does have a staff
in Baghdad, had done 25 audits and has 60 investigations under way. It is
difficult to believe that there are not similar problems with much larger
spending by the Defense Department.

The opportunity for fraud and inefficient use of taxpayers' money is immense.
There already is considerable public unease about how money is being spent in
Iraq, particularly with no-bid contracts to selected private companies.

Watchdog groups in Washington understandably are upset. Keith Ashdown, vice
president of Taxpayers for Common Sense, said, "Our Iraq presence isn't going
away; the only thing going away is the people watching how the money is being
spent. If you don't have anyone watching it, the precedent is that the money
will be wasted."

It is imperative that the Defense Department put an inspector general with an
adequate staff back in Iraq. It is the best way to keep an eye out for
mishandling of funds, waste and outright fraud, all of which are far more likely
if there is inadequate oversight. One would think with all the criticism the
Bush administration has received about the conduct and cost of the war in Iraq
that it would insist on a proper means of making sure the taxpayers' money is
not mishandled.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday

Pierce, Celtics top the Knicks

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Celtics

LENGTH: 594 words


Playing on his 33rd birthday, Paul Pierce made the tiebreaking jumper with eight
seconds left, and the Boston Celtics beat the New York Knicks, 104-101.

The Celtics overcame a big first home game at Madison Square Garden for Amare
Stoudemire, who scored 30 points in three quarters.

Down eight midway through the fourth, the Celtics rallied to tie it at 101 on
two free throws by former Knicks guard Nate Robinson with 1:09 left. The teams
turned it over on the next three possessions before Pierce's jumper.

Rookie Andy Rautins had a 3-pointer partially blocked after mishandling the
inbounds pass on New York's next possession, and Pierce closed it out with a
free throw.

PRO FOOTBALL

Favre's elbow hurting

Brett Favre's latest problem is his elbow.

With the NFL investigating whether he sent lewd photos of himself to a Jets game
hostess while he played for New York in 2008, Favre said that his cherished,
league-record streak of 289 straight starts could be in danger if the pain in
his right elbow gets any worse.

The 41-year-old quarterback did not practice with Minnesota, preferring to rest
the tendinitis that flared up noticeably on Monday night in the Vikings' 29-20
loss to the Jets.

The San Diego Chargers have turned out the lights on the player known as "Lights
Out."

Outside linebacker Shawne Merriman, once one of the most-feared players in the
NFL, was placed on the injured reserve list because of a calf injury and a
"minor-injury designation." Merriman must be released once he's healthy, the
team said. ... Jerome Harrison finally broke free on another long run.
Disappointed with his role in Cleveland's offense this season, Harrison was
traded to the Philadelphia Eagles for Mike Bell in an exchange of running backs.
... Santonio Holmes denied that he told a former sports agent during a
recruiting visit five years ago that he was already taking money from another
agent during his college career. Josh Luchs told Sports Illustrated for its Oct.
18 edition that he paid more than 30 players from 1990-96, including many who
didn't sign with him. The New York Jets wide receiver insisted he and Luchs
never had a meeting.

BASEBALL

Burnett wild in simulated game

A.J. Burnett got on the mound and plunked Greg Golson on an arm. Then he whacked
Austin Kearns.

Burnett's simulated game was a hit -- twice -- as he prepared for his start
against Texas in the AL championship series.

The Braves didn't even wait 48 hours to introduce Bobby Cox's replacement. No
need. Fredi Gonzalez was Atlanta's manager-in-waiting almost as soon as Cox
announced that 2010 would be his final season. ... Top overall draft pick Bryce
Harper is heading to the Arizona Fall League, where the Washington Nationals
plan to tweak his batting stroke.

GENERAL

Red Sox bid in limbo

The trans-Atlantic fight for the famed but struggling Liverpool soccer team
spilled into Texas state court when its current American owners obtained a
temporary restraining order preventing the club from being sold to the parent
company of the Boston Red Sox.

The current owners called the Liverpool-Red Sox deal an "epic swindle." Earlier
in the day, the High Court in London refused to stop the team's independent
directors from selling the team out from under owners Tom Hicks and George
Gillett Jr. at a huge loss to the pair, who bought Liverpool three years ago.

Freshman Chase Rettig is on track to return as starting quarterback when Boston
College plays No. 14 Florida State.

Rettig said that he's ready to play. He said he took all the snaps he needed at
Tuesday's practice and his ankle feels good.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                     December 21, 2016 Wednesday 00:00 EST

Clinton Backers Cry Foul Over What F.B.I. Considers Common Procedure

BYLINE: ADAM GOLDMAN

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 1165 words



HIGHLIGHT: While the F.B.I. stuck with its decision not to pursue charges
against Hillary Clinton, agents believed they needed to examine newly discovered
emails, just to be certain.


WASHINGTON - After a federal judge unsealed a search warrant this week that the
F.B.I. had used to examine emails related to the previously closed inquiry into
Hillary Clinton's private server, some of her backers said it proved their
contention that the warrant should never have been sought because it would not
have changed the outcome of that investigation.

The decision by the bureau's director, James B. Comey, to make the new email
examination public in the presidential election's closing days was a "stain" on
his legacy and amounted to an "extraordinary impropriety," Mrs. Clinton's
supporters said. Mrs. Clinton herself has said that Mr. Comey's move cost her
the election.

But while the F.B.I. ultimately did not find anything to alter its decision in
July not to pursue criminal charges against Mrs. Clinton or her aides, agents
believed they needed to examine the emails to be certain there was nothing new
in them. This is common procedure for the bureau, whether the case involves a
former secretary of state like Mrs. Clinton or anyone else.

In seeking the warrant, agents told the judge there was reason to believe the
new emails might contain classified information. The emails were found on the
laptop of Anthony D. Weiner, the estranged husband of Huma Abedin, a top Clinton
aide. The laptop was not authorized to store classified information. The judge
said there was sufficient probable cause and signed the warrant on Oct. 30.

"The standard for probable cause is 'more likely than not,'" said Ron Hosko, a
former F.B.I. assistant director. "What's probable cause? Something that makes
it more likely or not that there is information related to a federal offense and
it exists in this location. You're not trying to make the federal case. You're
trying to get over a legal threshold, and it is the lowest legal threshold there
is."

The renewed inquiry into Mrs. Clinton's email server started after agents began
investigating allegations that Mr. Weiner, a former congressman, had sent
illicit text messages to a 15-year-old girl in North Carolina. When agents took
possession of his laptop this year, they found thousands of emails that belonged
to Ms. Abedin and could see that she had used her clintonemail.com and Yahoo.com
email addresses.

In its previous investigation, the F.B.I. had determined that both of those
private email addresses had been used to send information that was later deemed
to be classified. The F.B.I. also knew that Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Abedin had
exchanged more than 4,000 emails from 2009 to 2013.

The F.B.I. said that because Ms. Abedin, using those two email accounts, had
exchanged classified information with Mrs. Clinton in the past, agents had
reason to seek a search warrant.

"There is also probable cause to believe that the correspondence between them"
on the laptop "contains classified information which was produced by and is
owned by the U.S. government," according to the F.B.I.'s search warrant.

The warrant said the bureau believed that the 1917 Espionage Act might have been
violated, a surprising possibility given that such crimes are felonies that can
carry up to 10 years in prison. Mr. Comey said in July that the F.B.I. had
investigated two possible violations of the Espionage Act, but had found nothing
to support charges. Before Mr. Comey said that, it was believed that the F.B.I.
was focusing primarily on the potential mishandling of classified information, a
misdemeanor.

One of the possible crimes referred to in the warrant was gross negligence under
the Espionage Act, a charge that Mr. Comey himself had said was rarely used. "No
reasonable prosecutor would bring the second case in 100 years based on gross
negligence," Mr. Comey told Congress in July.

Agents were also concerned that any classified information on the computer could
have ended up in the wrong hands. They said a forensic analysis would be needed
to determine whether the computer had been hacked.

Shortly after the warrant was unsealed on Tuesday, Mrs. Clinton's supporters
took aim at Mr. Comey and the F.B.I.

Brian Fallon, the Clinton campaign spokesman, dismissed the probable cause in
the F.B.I. warrant, saying on Twitter, "There was nothing in search warrant
filing to controvert Comey's statements from July and truly establish probable
cause of a crime."

"Whenever Comey departs F.B.I., this episode will be in first graf of any
assessment of his tenure. It is stain on his personal legacy & on F.B.I.," Mr.
Fallon said in another post.

Mrs. Clinton's lawyer, David E. Kendall, said Mr. Comey's reasoning for going
public with the new email examination in October was "both legally unauthorized
and factually unnecessary."

Mr. Comey has said he had no choice but to inform Congress because he had
pledged to do so if the bureau found new information related to the email
investigation. Mr. Comey was convinced that if Congress found out that agents
were essentially reopening the investigation, his job would be in peril, and the
reputation of the bureau would be tarnished.

Some officials have argued that both of those things happened anyway.

In his statement, Mr. Kendall did not take issue with the F.B.I.'s reasons for
seeking a search warrant. But the unsealing of the warrant reopened deep wounds
for him and other Clinton supporters. For them, the warrant was just one of
several mistakes by Mr. Comey that cost them the election, including when he
accused Mrs. Clinton and her aides of having been "extremely careless in their
handling of very sensitive, highly classified information."

John D. Podesta, Mrs. Clinton's campaign chairman, recently wrote in The
Washington Post that the F.B.I. had been wrongly fixated on the email case. As
the Russians were meddling in the election, he said, the F.B.I. was basically
wasting time investigating what Mrs. Clinton's supporters call the inadvertent
mishandling of information that was deemed classified after it was sent.

"Comparing the F.B.I.'s massive response to the overblown email scandal with the
seemingly lackadaisical response to the very real Russian plot to subvert a
national election shows that something is deeply broken at the F.B.I.," Mr.
Podesta said.

Glen Kopp, a former federal prosecutor, said Mr. Podesta's argument was not a
fair comparison. The warrant was legitimate, he said: The F.B.I. was
investigating potential criminal conduct, and a judge approved it.

But on Mr. Comey, he said, Clinton backers "have a legitimate beef with him for
going public."

Get politics and Washington news updates via Facebook, Twitter and in the
Morning Briefing newsletter.

PHOTO: Hillary Clinton exchanged more than 4,000 emails with Huma Abedin, left,
from 2009 to 2013. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

Related Articles


     ·    How the F.B.I. Reviewed Thousands of Emails in One Week
     ·    Clinton Forwarded Daughter Email Chain Most Likely About Climate Talks
     ·    Why Democrats Now Need the F.B.I. Director, James Comey
     ·    Sorting Through the Clinton Email Case and What the F.B.I.'s Options
          Are


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ratings Soar Amid Woes

BYLINE: By RICHARD SANDOMIR

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; ROUNDUP; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 723 words


The N.F.L generates the highest ratings in sports, and even the league's
mishandling of its domestic violence crisis seems to have done little to change
that.

On Sunday, CBS's late afternoon game, Seattle's overtime win over Denver,
produced a 16.9 preliminary overnight rating, a 16 percent jump over the
comparable game last season. The game was a widely anticipated rematch of last
season's Super Bowl. It was also seen in 89 percent of the country.

CBS also saw a 44 percent overnight ratings increase to an 11.1 rating for its
early afternoon schedule of regional games, including the Giants' rout of
Houston.

Brad Adgate, senior vice president for research at Horizon Media, a media buying
company, said, ''As with previous seasons, ratings will fluctuate by the time of
game, matchups and how close the game is.''

NBC and Fox illustrated that dynamic. NBC's Pittsburgh-Carolina game on Sunday
night generated a 12.3 overnight rating, down nearly 9 percent from the
comparable game last year between the Steelers and the Bears, which brought
Chicago, the nation's third-largest market, into the mix.

Fox's five-game schedule, including the San Francisco-Arizona matchup, produced
a 12.2 rating, down 8 percent from last year.

The Baltimore market has remained devoted to the Ravens, whose former running
back, Ray Rice, was seen in a video punching his then-fiancée, which led to his
being cut by the team and suspended indefinitely by the league. The Ravens'
games, all shown on CBS, have each been seen by about 60 percent of the
households watching television in the market.

REDSKINS LOSE TWO FOR SEASON Washington cornerback DeAngelo Hall has a ruptured
left Achilles' tendon and will be out for the rest of the season.

The Redskins also lost safety Duke Ihenacho for the season with a left foot
injury. The team placed both players on injured reserve Monday.

Cornerback Chase Minnifield was promoted from the practice squad to the active
roster.

Hall and Ihenacho were hurt in Sunday's 37-34 loss to Philadelphia Eagles. (AP)

COSTLY CHEER FOR DETROIT The Lions, riding high after stopping quarterback Aaron
Rodgers and the Packers in a 19-7 win on Sunday, got a dose of bad news.

Middle linebacker Stephen Tulloch will miss the remainder of the season with a
torn A.C.L. that he sustained while celebrating a sack of the Packers' star
quarterback.

''Tully did indeed injure his knee and is going to need surgery,'' Coach Jim
Caldwell said. ''I haven't had a chance to discuss it with him in detail, but
obviously he's been disappointed.''

The Lions held the Packers to 223 total yards. Tulloch sustained the injury in
the first quarter when, looking as though he was trying to mimic Rodgers's
famous ''title belt'' celebration, he fell awkwardly to the ground. He returned
soon after but was unable to continue playing, spending the remainder of the
game on the sideline.

The Lions also said they had released the rookie kicker Nate Freese and would
sign the former Eagles kicker Alex Henery.

Freese missed a 41-yard field goal Sunday and is 3 for 7 on the year. (AP)

TITANS' LOCKER INJURED Quarterback Jake Locker hurt his wrist in Tennessee's
33-7 loss at Cincinnati, and Coach Ken Whisenhunt said Locker was sore enough at
the end of the game that he could barely grip the ball.

Whisenhunt said Locker had an M.R.I. on his right wrist Monday morning; whether
he will be able to play Sunday at Indianapolis will not be known until later
this week.

Whisenhunt said Locker's wrist became trapped underneath him sometime during the
game.

The backup passer Charlie Whitehurst warmed up early in the game, and Whisenhunt
said that might have been after Locker was hurt.

Locker missed nine games last season because of injuries. He is in the final
season of his contract. (AP)

DWINDLING BACKFIELD Panthers Coach Ron Rivera said the Pro Bowl fullback Mike
Tolbert has a hairline fracture in his right leg and running back Jonathan
Stewart has a severely sprained right knee, adding to the team's mounting injury
problems in the backfield.

Rivera said Tolbert would not play Sunday at Baltimore; he will be re-evaluated
from week to week. Stewart will be reassessed on Friday.

Both injuries were sustained in Carolina's 37-19 loss Sunday night to the
Pittsburgh Steelers. (AP)

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/23/sports/football/tv-ratings-soar-amid-nfls-woes
.html

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 14, 1989, Tuesday, City Edition

Securities firm closes under fire

BYLINE: TIM NICKENS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - A securities brokerage firm with an office in    Clearwater that
has been accused of employing unlicensed brokers    announced Monday it is going
out of business.

     Power Securities Corp. said in a news release that it "has    terminated
all retail sales activities in its 15 offices and is in the    process of
winding down its operations in an orderly fashion."

     Last month, the Nevada-based company was accused by Florida    Comptroller
Gerald Lewis of employing unlicensed brokers and was given    21 days to appeal
Lewis' plan to revoke its license to do business in    Florida.

     Power also is accused of unlawfully operating from a motel in
Jacksonville and mishandling records. Last fall, several Power    employees
tried to escape the motel with boxes of records when    examiners from the state
comptroller's office arrived.

     The firm is known for selling high-risk "penny stocks" over the
telephone. Penny stocks are those that sell for less than $ 1 a share.

     Power's news release indicated the company was closing because of a
decline in business. The decline was blamed on the New York attorney
general's office, which last week said there was evidence Power had    defrauded
thousands of investors out of millions of dollars by    manipulating stock
prices, creating artificial markets and marking up    stock prices by 100
percent or more.

     A New York judge had temporarily barred Power from soliciting new
business in that state.

     A spokeswoman for Power declined to comment Monday and suggested    Power
customers have their accounts transferred to other brokerage    firms.

     According to state records, Power has been registered to do    business in
Florida since July 1985 under the name J.B. Power    Securities. The firm
changed its name in July 1987.

     Power has been fined in other states. In Nevada, the firm agreed in
October to pay a $ 15,000 fine in connection with charges that the firm    sold
unregistered securities and employed unlicensed sales agents. In    Iowa, the
firm paid a $ 7,500 fine in December.

     Once concentrated in the Rocky Mountain states, penny stock fraud    has
become a significant problem in Florida - especially on the    southeast coast
from Boca Raton to Miami, where get-rich-quick schemes    have flourished. The
state reports 90 penny stock firms are licensed in    Florida, compared with
seven in 1980.

     While the firms represent less than 3 percent of the state's 3,000
licensed securities dealers, they account for about a quarter of all
complaints.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              June 5, 1992, Friday

US, MARITIME UNION SETTLE PENSION LAWSUIT

BYLINE: TIM SHORROCK; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The U.S. Department of Labor and the Seafarers International Union this week
settled a 1991 lawsuit filed by the agency against the SIU pension plan and its
trustees.

Under the settlement, the Labor Department said it would not seek the removal of
four union and seven management trustees or seek financial penalties gainst them
as its February 1991 lawsuit demanded.

The SIU in turn agreed to transfer $ 2.1 million from the Seafarers' Training
Fund to its pension plan and to establish different accounting procedures for
housing benefits provided by the training fund to SIU retirees. The settlement
was approved Wednesday by a U.S. District Court in Baltimore.

The Labor Department originally charged the trustees with mishandling real
estate transactions at a union training center in Camp Springs, Md. The lawsuit
alleged that the pension plan trustees had used plan assets to lease rooms for
retirees at the center and allowed tenants to make late payments on their rent
and, in some cases, failed to collect rent.

The lawsuit was filed after an investigation by the agency's Pension and Welfare
Benefits Administration.

The SIU said its officials "had been cleared of all charges of misconduct"
raised by the agency. A statement from the union called the settlement "a
vindication of the Seafarers' charge that the entire matter could have been
handled administratively without the wild, erroneous and headline-grabbing
accusations of the Department of Labor."

A Labor Department spokesperson said the SIU "has not been absolved. Any time
you pay over $ 2 million to your pension fund and change accounting procedures;
it's not a minor thing."

The SIU maintains pension, training, vacation and welfare plans covering over
20,000 maritime workers. The pension plan had assets of $ 381.8 million at the
end of 1986, according to the Labor Department.

The union trustees named in the Labor suit were John Fay, Angus "Red" Campbell,
George McCartney and Herberto Perez.

The management trustees cited were Edmund Davis, staff vice president of labor
relations at Sea-Land Services Inc., Edison, N.J.; Carmine J. Bracco, an
executive with Bay Tankers Inc., Englewood Cliffs, N.J.; Micheal DiPrisco, vice
president of labor relations for the Atlantic division at Crowley Maritime
Corp., Oakland, Calif.; David Schultze, vice president of employee relations at
American Steamship Co., Buffalo, N.Y.; and three officials of Great Lakes Dredge
& Dock Co., Oak Brook, Ill., William Pagendarm, Jeremiah Callan and Michael
Marco.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              November 26, 2003 Wednesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Chaplain now faces adultery charge

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK; WASHINGTON; LOS ANGELES


The U.S. military announced Tuesday it is releasing a Guantanamo Bay prison
chaplain from jail pending trial, but added four new counts against him,
including a charge of adultery.

Eugene Fidell, attorney for Army Capt. James Yee, welcomed the decision to
release the Muslim chaplain after 11 weeks in a Charleston, S.C., Navy brig. But
he said the addition of the adultery charge, rare in military court cases,
amounts to "piling on" by military prosecutors.

Yee previously was charged with mishandling classified documents.

Yee is one of three people who worked at the U.S. Navy detention facility in
Cuba who have been charged in connection with security breaches there.

In addition to the adultery charge, Yee was accused of new counts of failure to
obey an order, making a false official statement and conduct unbecoming an
officer. The charge of conduct unbecoming an officer stems from pornography
found on a government computer Yee used, said Raul Duany, a spokesman for U.S.
Southern Command, which is overseeing the case.

Conviction on all the charges could yield a sentence of 11 years, but military
law experts said that is highly unlikely.

20 airport workers charged with smuggling

NEW YORK - Federal agents Tuesday arrested 20 airport baggage and cargo handlers
and charged them with running a decadelong drug smuggling operation that brought
hundreds of pounds of cocaine and marijuana a year through Kennedy International
Airport under the noses of customs officials.

The arrests unveiled a criminal conspiracy of stunning duration, prosecutors
said, in which the baggage handlers moved drug shipments worth tens of millions
of dollars through the airport with virtual impunity.

The arrests concluded a 14-month investigation during which federal agents
seized more than 400 kilograms of cocaine and hundreds of pounds of marijuana
arriving at Kennedy on international flights, almost all of them from Guyana and
Jamaica, officials said. One of the shipments, a 185-kilogram package of cocaine
worth $23-million found in the cargo section of a passenger flight in September,
is the largest ever intercepted at Kennedy, officials said.

Senate Republican staffer on leave over memos

WASHINGTON - Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch said Tuesday he had
put one of his staffers on administrative leave for improperly obtaining data
from the secure computer networks of two Democratic senators.

Hatch, R-Utah, said preliminary interviews suggested that a former Republican
member of the committee staff may have also been involved in penetrating the
Democratic computers.

Hatch launched an investigation after Sens. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., and Edward
Kennedy, D-Mass., protested what they said was the theft of memos from their
servers. The memos, concerning political strategy on blocking confirmation of
several of President Bush's judicial nominations, were obtained and reported on
by the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Times.

Jackson's attorney says allegations about money

LOS ANGELES - Michael Jackson's attorney angrily vowed Tuesday to "land like a
ton of bricks" on anyone who besmirches his client's reputation and charged that
molestation allegations against the entertainer were motivated by money.

Mark Geragos did not take any questions at the news conference, but promised a
vigorous defense.

Jackson was released on $3-million bail after his surrender Thursday and
immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video. Santa
Barbara County authorities said Tuesday they now expect to file formal charges
sometime in mid December rather than soon after Thanksgiving.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           November 2, 2005 Wednesday

LETTERS, FAXES & E-MAIL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1675 words


Reconsider support of Bush and Co.

War hawks squawk over the mishandling of Iraq, where more than 2,000 of our
troops have fallen. And advisers to former Republican presidents sound off.
Brent Scowcroft blasts the neocons for trying to export democracy by force and
Bruce Bartlett argues Bush is bankrupting America and betraying the Reagan
legacy.

Never mind the incompetence, unintended consequences and sleaze associated with
Katrina, oil prices and Plamegate. Do you want to reconsider your support of the
president and his elected supporters? These problems can't be corrected with an
apology.

John E. Williams

Springfield

Business Men in Christ have two great events

The motto of Business Men in Christ (BMIC) is "On Fire for Christ" and two major
events during the past two weeks of October underlined our passion and
commitment to bringing the Gospel of Jesus Christ to central Illinois.

Freedom Experience (FX), the three-day youth revival at the Warehouse and last
week's Casting Crowns hugely successful concert altogether resulted in more than
1,080 new converts to Jesus Christ. The 802 who answered the Altar Call at the
Prairie Convention Center are still the talk of the Crowns Tour Management in
Atlanta, Ga. Little old Springfield!

To this effect, we wish to thank the following people, groups and businesses who
all played a part in the biggest eight days in the Springfield-area Christian
community: features editor Erin Orr and correspondent Steven Spearie, The State
Journal-Register; Howard Foulks and John McBride, WLUJ-FM 89.7; Greg Cooper of
Powerlight Radio WDBR-FM 103.7; WBGL-FM 91.7 Champaign; WPIA-FM 98.5 Peoria;
WIBI-FM 91.1; Gus Martin of Mid-West Family Broadcasting; Christian Happenings
Magazine; and South County Publications, Auburn.

We are grateful to the Prairie Capital Convention Center; the Warehouse; Hilton
Hotel; Miller's Munchies; Capital Blueprint; Bank of Springfield; Mariah's
Restaurant; and Financial Security Planning and Investments.

Thank you to all youth or senior pastors and youth groups of churches from
Jacksonville to Decatur and Shelbyville, from Virden to Lincoln and
Bloomington/Normal. Thanks to Rochester Christian Church and to the Illinois
State Baptist Association and its affiliated churches for FX and its concert
volunteers. To all our wives, families and members - thank you - and most of all
to our God in heaven!

Your contribution has made a huge difference in the blessings and success of
these events, to which we are eternally appreciative! Look for more
opportunities for ministry in 2006!

Bernie Lutchman

Director of communications

www.businessmeninChrist.com

Springfield

Dunbar did a great job for Southern View

My family was deeply saddened to read about Southern View Police Chief Bob
Dunbar resigning.

We will miss the familiar sight of him on the streets of Southern View watching
over the children both before and after school. His kindness, compassion and
generosity, whether he was on or off duty benefited everyone from the children
to the elderly. Be it organizing picnics, pool parties or helping the elderly
clean their yards or anything else they needed, he was also there to offer
encouragement and caring at times of trouble when needed.

Chief Dunbar was always one you could count on to go the extra mile. Thanks to
him and his fine police force, Southern View has been a nice, safe place to
live. I would like to know what or who caused him to resign. Thanks for a job
well done. You will be greatly missed!


Carol Nelson

Southern View

Enjoyed Master Gardener program

Last year at this time I made the decision to take the Master Gardener course
through the University of Illinois Extension.  It was one of the best ones I
ever made.

I've always been an avid gardener, active community volunteer and enjoyed
college back in the day and this course combined all that into one. I learned a
lot more about gardening than I ever thought possible and now realize I've begun
a lifelong process.

I made many new friends through my participation in our Garden Walk and
Identification garden and I truly enjoyed the classes. I wasn't able to
participate in the Plant-a-Row for the Hungry but there's always next growing
season.

Finally, I loved helping other gardeners get their questions answered when I
worked at the Master Gardener Help Desk.

Taking the Master Gardener course is one of the few things I've done for myself
as an adult, and I thoroughly enjoyed it and will continue to reap the rewards
for years to come.  I encourage every avid gardener to consider applying for the
Master Gardener program by contacting the University of Illinois Extension
Sangamon/Menard Office by calling 782-4617 or visit their web site at
www.extension.uiuc.edu/sangamonmenard. The deadline is Nov. 11th.  You'll be
glad you did.

Master Gardener Susan Helm

University of Illinois Extension

Sangamon/Menard Unit

Thanks for help in Alzheimer's fight

I feel very fortunate to live in and be surrounded by communities who seem to
always find a way to step up and provide help and support whenever and wherever
needed.  This year with so many tragic, uncontrollable events having occurred in
which Sangamon and surrounding counties provided so much physical and financial
support, I was overwhelmed at the continuing generosity displayed on Sept. 24 at
the 2005 Alzheimer's Association Memory Walk.

Every year I marvel at the ever-increasing involvement of families, friends and
companies as people come together, working toward the end of this devastating
disease.  We learn more every day about Alzheimer's - how to diagnose it, treat
it, live with it. With the generous contributions collected, more educational
programs and support groups will be available.  Earlier diagnosis with
ultimately earlier treatment means a stalling of the progression of this
disease. Monies spent on research will continue to fine tune the effectiveness
of existing drugs and seek out new ways of treating and hopefully curing and
ultimately preventing the disease.

Awareness and knowledge is growing. But with more and more people being
diagnosed every day with Alzheimer's or other forms of dementia, the need for
more assistance is needed. I invite you to become involved with the Alzheimer's
Association as a volunteer. Spread the word that the Alzheimer's Association is
here for you. Learn how much your involvement enriches not only others but your
life as well.

Thank you so much for continuing to be a part of the battle to end Alzheimer's.
While these words express our heartfelt gratitude, they can't begin to convey
the depth of our appreciation to all those who participated in making the 2005
Memory Walk successful.

Heather Ekstam

Planning Committee member

2005 Memory Walk

Springfield

Not hard to see letter writer was wrong

Saturday's opinion page brought two letters of interest.

In one, the writer attempted to malign the credibility of evolution by quoting
the Bible. I suggest that merely makes the other side's case separating
scientific theory from pure faith for it.

In the other, the writer cited a series of tragic events in response to which he
"saw no outrage" from an unidentified "them," implying that his observation
leads to the inevitable conclusion that foreign prisoners deserve the not quite
as inhumane treatment they allegedly receive. Presumably certain of the
infallibility of his reasoning, he challenged the reader to argue "how I am
wrong."

That's easy. Just because he didn't see the outrage doesn't mean it wasn't
there.

Rita Gretchen Cormulley

Springfield

Go, Chico!

If Chico Belle is "50-50" on a decision to run for sheriff, I hope this puts him
over the edge. Be assured that many people will support him in every imaginable
way.

Go for it, Charlie Belle!

Lt. Gary D. Stone (retired)

Sangamon County

Sheriff's Department

Sorry, Pete

With apologies to reporter Pete Sherman, this reader has just learned that
"Mimi" was a nickname fondly used by her grandchildren for Mrs. Eisenhower and
not a typo, as I insinuated in a recent letter.

Diane Edwards

Springfield

Can hardly believe it - Sox are champs!

The "Boys of Summer 2005" are fading fast into the sunset, but what a summer it
has been!

With a truly dominating and miraculous run to the World Series title, the
Chicago White Sox have banished to a distant memory decades of disappointment
and frustration for a city desperately starved for baseball supremacy.

While I have lived south of Interstate 80 for the past 27 years of my life, for
all things baseball, my heart and soul have never left my hometown, the South
Side of Chicago, where I was born the year following our city's last World
Series appearance.

It is hard for me to describe in words just how proud I am of a team that is
devoid of superstars, which has won a world championship based on the simple
principles of hard work, dedication and an undying desire to win as a team.

It is my sincere belief that baseball is a microcosm of life, with its ups and
downs, trials and tribulations, wins and losses. The White Sox have shown us
this year that in baseball, as well as in life, hope springs eternal, and that
the "little guy" can slay the dragon, get the girl and grasp the golden ring
simply by daring to dream and refusing to let past failures dictate the present.

My favorite quote concerning baseball is from the inimitable Casey Stengel, who,
when asked to describe the essence of the game, eloquently stated, "Sometimes
you win, sometimes you lose, sometimes it rains."

Well, the White Sox have finally proven that after 88 long years, Chicago
baseball fans can, in fact, be winners. The second team from the Second City are
losers no more.

Even Mother Nature seems to agree, as it did not rain on our parade on a most
glorious fall afternoon!

I never thought I would get to say this, but our Chicago White Sox are champions
of the world!  Go, Sox!

Billy Moran

A South Sider forever!

Springfield

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chicago White Sox celebrate after beating Houston last Wednesday
night to win the World Series.

TYPE: LETTERS

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         South Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                August 17, 2009

ED case leads to malpractice suit over alleged mishandling of first malpractice
claim

BYLINE: Rick Brundrett

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1517  words


Motley Rice lawyers over the years have been heralded for their involvement in
often groundbreaking litigation in the U.S. and abroad against Big Tobacco, the
asbestos industry, and organizations and companies with suspected ties to
terrorist groups.

But the plaintiffs' class-action firm, which has about 65 lawyers in offices in
Mount Pleasant, New York, Rhode Island, Connecticut and West Virginia, has just
been tagged as a defendant along with two of its former attorneys in an unusual
multimillion-dollar legal malpractice case in its own backyard.

Essentially, the high-profile firm is accused of committing malpractice in its
handling of another legal malpractice case.

In a lawsuit filed Aug. 6 in the Charleston County Court of Common Pleas, Denis
Ventriglia v. Motley Rice, LLC, Paul J. Doolittle and Frederick J. Jekel, C.A.
No. 2009-CP-10-4903, Denis Ventriglia of North Carolina alleges that Motley Rice
committed malpractice by, among other things, missing the N.C. statute of
limitations to sue his former divorce lawyer in a separate malpractice case.

Ventriglia contends in his 20-page complaint that Motley Rice's alleged mistakes
cost him his chance to recover any damages from family law attorney Renny Deese
of the law firm of Lewis, Deese & Nance.

In a 2007 pro se complaint filed in North Carolina, Ventriglia claimed Deese and
his Fayetteville, N.C., firm mishandled his equitable distribution claim in a
marital estate valued at about $25 million.

Ventriglia is seeking more than $12 million in actual damages and unspecified
punitive damages against Motley Rice and former firm attorneys Paul J. Doolittle
and Frederick J. "Fritz" Jekel, who have since opened their own firm in Mount
Pleasant. The suit, which alleges legal malpractice and breach of fiduciary
duty, includes expert opinions from two family law attorneys in South Carolina
and Virginia who were asked to review various aspects of the case.

"We view this as a very serious matter, and we took a lot of time drafting the
complaint," Ventriglia's Columbia lawyer, Eric Bland, told South Carolina
Lawyers Weekly.

Bland declined to discuss details of the case, saying only, "The complaint and
exhibits are very detailed and speak for themselves. "

Jekel declined to comment when contacted by South Carolina Lawyers Weekly.
Doolittle, Deese and Joe Rice, co-founder of Motley Rice, could not be reached
for comment by press time.

Charleston attorney Howell Morrison, who represents the defendants in the suit,
told South Carolina Lawyers Weekly that his clients are "going to aggressively
defend that's clear," adding, "Our preliminary analysis suggests that the
statute [of limitations] issue is very defensible. "

Morrison said he intends to seek to have the suit removed to federal court and
ask the assigned judge to compel arbitration.

Motley Rice isn't the first prominent South Carolina law firm to come within the
gun sights of Bland and his law partner, Ronald "Ronnie" Richter.

A year ago, the pair sued Columbia-based Nexsen Pruet and two of its attorneys
on behalf of a former client of Nexsen Pruet who claimed the firm gave bad legal
advice and later compounded the problem by representing the client after he was
sued.

Nexsen Pruet has denied all of the allegations in the Richland County suit of
Daniel Hughes and Seal Jet of the Carolinas, Inc. v. Nexsen Pruet, LLC, f/k/a
Nexsen Pruet Adams Kleemeier, PLLC; Michael A. Mann and William Young "Corky"
Klett III, C.A. > No. 2008-CP-40-6057. A mediation session in that case is
scheduled for Sept. 15, with a trial, if needed, set for January 2010, Bland
said.

In his complaint against Motley Rice, Ventriglia said when he first contacted
the firm in September 2005 about the Deese matter he was unaware that neither
the firm nor Doolittle or Jekel had experience in handling legal malpractice
cases. He said he relied on Motley Rice's promotion of itself as being a
"national plaintiffs' litigation firm," engaging in "pioneering" lawsuits and
representing clients in complex litigation cases against "some of the world's
most powerful defendants. "

Although neither Doolittle nor Jekel were licensed in North Carolina, Motley
Rice's Web site said it had attorneys licensed in that state, according to the
suit. But Motley Rice's N.C. attorneys were not used in Ventriglia's case, and
the firm didn't associate with local N.C. counsel to file the pleadings, the
complaint alleged, also noting that the firm never requested Ventriglia's case
file from Deese.

The suit described Deese, the managing partner of his six-lawyer firm, as a
"prominent board-certified North Carolina domestic relations attorney. " He was
admitted to practice in North Carolina in 1971, served as chairman of the N.C.
State Bar Family Law Specialization Committee, and is a fellow in the American
Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers, according to the firm's Web site.

A key issue in Ventriglia's divorce case was the validity of a Virginia
prenuptial agreement that was drafted by his ex-wife, Linda Wilson before their
marriage in 1988, the Motley Rice suit said.

Wilson's family-owned a chain of supermarkets that was sold in 1994 for $127
million, of which she received more than $16 million for her 18.2 percent
interest. The couple, who had two children, separated in 2000 after 12 years of
marriage. Wilson filed for divorce in 2001, according to the complaint.

At the time of the divorce, the marital estate, which included the couple's
primary residence in Wilmington and a beach house on Figure Eight Island in
North Carolina, was valued at about $25 million. But Ventriglia received "zero
dollars" in his equitable distribution claim, the suit said.

In a written opinion filed with the suit, Virginia family law attorney Laura W.
Morgan, who described herself as a "recognized national authority on prenuptial
agreements," said it was "gross negligence" for Deese to have advised Ventriglia
to stipulate pre-trial to the validity of the prenuptial agreement, which
Ventriglia said Wilson told him in 1988 was needed to protect her interest in
the "family grocery business. "

Motley Rice, which was retained by Ventriglia on March 1, 2006, to pursue a
malpractice claim against Deese, was "effusive" at first about taking the case,
according to the suit. Jekel in an internal memo valued Ventriglia's claim as
being worth at least $6 million. Doolittle, a senior attorney to Jekel, in a
later response described it as a "valuable" case in which "I am thinking we can
win big $," the complaint said.

But Motley Rice was "not diligent and zealous" in pursuing the case throughout
2006 and never filed a complaint on behalf of Ventriglia, though Ventriglia was
"proactive in providing information, case law and other documents," the suit
said.

Starting in late summer 2006 and through the fall of that year, the firm's
management committee debated whether it should have taken the case as a "matter
of firm principle and policy," the complaint said.

In January 2007 just days before what Motley Rice wrongly thought was the
expiration of the three-year statute of limitations a management committee
member in the firm "led the charge" to "dump" the case, the suit alleges.
Ventriglia on Jan. 10, 2007, filed his pro se complaint in New Hanover County
(N.C.) Superior Court, not knowing then that the correct statute of limitations
had expired in August 2006, the suit said.

Still, Jekel continued to work on the case, the suit said, noting that "despite
the purported discharge" by Motley Rice, Jekel had "obtained expert opinions
which supported the legal malpractice action. " The complaint was eventually
served on Deese in July 2007.

In August 2007, Deese and his firm moved to dismiss the suit, contending the
statute of limitations had expired. On Feb. 7, 2008, the court dismissed the
complaint on that ground, a ruling which was upheld Dec. 16, 2008, by the N.C.
Court of Appeals, the Motley Rice suit said.

In an affidavit filed with the Motley Rice suit, Columbia family law attorney
Jan L. Warner said it was "beneath the appropriate standard of care" for the
firm to try to remove itself from the case just eight days before it thought the
statute of limitations had expired.

"This, in my view, constitutes abandonment because Ventriglia did not have
reasonable time to get subsequent counsel," Warner wrote.

Warner also said that by missing the statute of limitations, Motley Rice
"proximately caused Ventriglia damage of not being able to proceed in his legal
malpractice claim against attorney Deese that was worth, in my view, a
substantial sum. "

"It is ironic that the defendants, who proclaim themselves to be some of the
nation's best plaintiff lawyers, took on a legal malpractice action against a
prominent North Carolina domestic relations lawyer and committed legal
malpractice in the process, causing Ventriglia's multi-million-dollar legal
malpractice claims to be forever lost," the complaint contends.

Editor's note: Besides freelancing for South Carolina Lawyers Weekly, Brundrett
is a staff writer at The State newspaper in Columbia. He can be reached at
rick.brundrett@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 17, 1990, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

Rijo out to prove to A's they made a big mistake

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI


Jose Rijo said his playoff starts against the Oakland Athletics are not grudge
matches. Yeah, right.

Rijo said he is misunderstood. The verbal sparring between Rijo and Oakland
pitching coach Dave Duncan, a matter of record, was just a little
misunderstanding.

Right. Like the budget impasse.

OK, so Rijo's handling/
mishandling in Oakland was not Armageddon. And people by the San Francisco Bay
or the Ohio River really do not care that Rijo balked at mastering the curve or
changeup - something off-speed - while in Duncan's care.

''They tried to get me to pitch in a way that is not right for me,'' Rijo said.
''... I think they gave up on me one year too soon.''

The A's have no complaints. They received Dave Parker for Rijo in December 1987.
Parker served them quite well.

And Rijo has served the Reds well, his premature announcement of the Pirates'
elimination or his potshots at Duncan notwithstanding.

''This is America,'' said Rijo, breaking from his pre-Series pact with Rob
Dibble to abstain from commentary.

All that matters now is Rijo has been entrusted with stealing a game, perhaps -
if the Reds can wish so boldly - two from Dave Stewart. Even Rijo realizes that
is unlikely.

''No one compares to Dave Stewart,'' said Rijo.

It makes sense Rijo admires Stewart. Their repertoires are similar. Each is
right-handed. Each kicked around a while before becoming successful. Each throws
two primary pitches: a fastball in the mid-90s and a forkball, or split-finger
fastball, if you prefer. They do. Rijo also has a quality hard slider.

But Rijo is best described as a poor man's Stewart. That is not a reference to
their income: Stewart earns $ 950,000 (plus incentives) this season before his
two years at $ 3.5 million each kick in (plus a $ 2 million signing bonus,
deferred). Rijo earns $ 630,000.

Money is not the issue. Performance is. Rijo is a poor man's Stewart because he
has not yet won 20 games or seized a championship series as his own.

Oh, Rijo looked dominating at times against Pittsburgh. He was 1-0 in two starts
(winning Game 4). He struck out 15 in 12 1/3 innings.

He is 25. Signed at 15, it seems Rijo has been a major-leaguer forever, always
on the cusp of greatness. A career-best 14-8 record this year says he is not
close to being worthy of mention with Stewart.

But he is coming.

''He has more experience. He is a more mature pitcher,'' said Reds manager Lou
Piniella. ''He can be dominating.''

The Reds can hope. The A's do have some problems with right-handed power
pitchers.

''They have a great lineup,'' Rijo said. ''I think I can match up well against
them.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Stephen Lefkovits, USA TODAY (Jose Rijo)

CUTLINE: RISING STAR: Lately, Jose Rijo has been compared to another right-
handed pitcher whom he admires, Dave Stewart.

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 24, 1995, Sunday, City Edition

Sheriff's investigation full of inconsistencies

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; EDITORIALS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 708 words



Pasco County Sheriff Lee Cannon has released his agency's report on the
investigation of its former economic crimes unit. Anyone who takes time to  read
this 11-pound, 1,100-page tome is left wondering: Was it, as Cannon's  political
opponents suggest, motivated by his desire to cover his own backside  in case a
high-profile fraud case breaks down?

Readers will ask why the sheriff felt compelled to spend five months, and
untold dollars, to gut an entire unit and damage the careers of seven
detectives when even he says there is no serious problem with the case that  led
to the internal investigation - the one against pioneer Pasco home builder
Clyde Hoeldtke Jr. The problems were so minor, he says, that he was able to
hire another investigator to put records in order.

The public also might ask why investigators characterized certain cases as
"mishandled" and attributed financial losses associated with them to sloppy
supervision of the economic crimes unit when there are more reasonable
explanations for the disposition of many of those cases.

Cannon disbanded his economic crimes unit last summer and launched an  internal
inquiry after he said he discovered that its detectives had  mishandled
evidence. Internal investigators said they discovered mishandled  paperwork in
the investigation of Hoeldtke, who is accused of bilking home  buyers of more
than $ 5-million. They also blamed Sgt. Oonagh Guenkel for  mishandling 171
other cases with losses amounting to more than $ 149,000.  Guenkel, the
division's founder and leader, was demoted, and Detective Robert  Scott Gattuso
was fired. Four other detectives resigned this year.

But the sheriff's investigation is studded with inconsistencies. For  example,
detectives are said to have mishandled paperwork in the Hoeldtke  case. This
seems to suggest that the case was jeopardized, but Cannon says no.  The
problem, he says, was poor organization by lead Detective Don Davidson and
sloppy oversight by Guenkel. A pinch hitter from Charlotte County was called  to
set things straight. Cannon says the case against Hoeldtke is strong. If  so,
why were Davidson and Guenkel punished? Cannon defended detectives who  stumbled
in the case against Jonathan Dye Jones, who was acquitted of  first-degree
murder in 1994. He also defended the detectives who were  criticized by the jury
that acquitted drug defendant Ricardo Zamora.

If Guenkel deserves a demotion, it would seem reasonable to reprimand her
supervisors, as well. But Cannon says Guenkel and her detectives were solely  to
blame for bad paperwork, that superior officers weren't expected to monitor
their investigation. With the next breath he says he has tightened controls
within his agency to prevent other cases from going bad.

"We are now very aggressive in our supervision," he said. "I hold people  much
more accountable now." This suggests that the investigation, at least in
Cannon's mind, highlighted poor communication along his chain of command. So
does a four-page memo from the statewide prosecutor's office, which shows that
prosecutors repeatedly expressed concerns about the investigation to
supervisors, all the way up the ladder to Cannon himself. It's clear that red
flags were hoisted long before Cannon says he learned of the critical records
problem that caused him to boot Guenkel in June 1994.

Another weakness in the report is its standard of failure, which is stated  in
mishandled cases and financial losses. Guenkel is blamed for mishandling  171
cases with losses of more than $ 149,000. An examination of those cases
however, shows that nearly 75 percent of the losses involved civil cases,  cases
that could not have been successfully prosecuted, cases closed by  arrests or
cases mistakenly closed because detectives misunderstood the  statute of
limitations.

Had Cannon and his investigators produced a concise, well-reasoned report  full
of irrefutable examples of incompetence and malfeasance by members of the
economic crimes unit, this controversy would subside before New Year's Day.  But
they didn't. At this point, it appears likely to remain a major campaign  issue
through Election Day.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); Sheriff Lee Cannon; Sgt. Oonagh Guenkel

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            September 9, 2005 Friday
                                 First Edition

Leadership left high and dry;
KATRINA'S AFTERMATH, Washington observed

BYLINE: Tony Walker WASHINGTON

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 988 words


If anyone needed a reality check of just what went wrong in New Orleans and why
the mishandling of the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina is an absolute disaster
for the White House, they need do no more than consider this testimony from
Aaron Broussard, president of Jefferson Parish in the inundated city.

On Meet the Press last Sunday, a week after walls of water driven by 220 kmh
winds surged across America's iconic southern city, a distraught Broussard broke
down after recounting the story of a colleague's mother in a nursing home who
drowned five days after the hurricane hit. Yes, five days. That's 120 hours or
so.

"Every day, she called and she said, 'Are you coming son? Is somebody coming?',"
Broussard told Tim Russert.

"And he said, 'Yeah, mama, somebody's going to get you.

"Somebody's coming to get you on Tuesday.

"Somebody's coming to get you on Wednesday.

"Somebody's coming to get you on Thursday.

"Somebody's coming to get you on Friday, and she drowned Friday night."

After sharing this appalling story on national television, the baseball-hatted
Broussard slumped forward, sobbing.

Where were George Bush and his war cabinet of Vice-President Dick Cheney,
Defence Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice while
all this was going on?

Cheney was holidaying in Wyoming, Rumsfeld was nowhere to be seen, and Rice was
shopping for shoes in Manhattan, according to Time magazine.

Bush, who had taken a leisurely month-long vacation on his Texas ranch (he had
planned to spend five weeks in Crawford but cut short his holiday to return to
Washington after it became clear that a Republican propaganda machine could not
stop the deluge of bad publicity) pressed on with engagements in Arizona and
California selling his Medicare prescription drug benefit scheme even as the
hurricane was doing its worst.

Bush returned to his home in Crawford from those engagements on Monday, August
29, before belatedly heading for Washington the next day.

By then even the Bush-supporting Fox News channel was airing unfavourable
commentary.

On Tuesday, Bush appeared in the Rose Garden to deliver remarks that seemed at
best perfunctory. There was absolutely no sense that he had grasped the
dimensions of what had happened in New Orleans.

It was not until Friday, the same day that Broussard's colleague's mother died
in a flooded New Orleans nursing home, that Bush eventually made it to
Louisiana, but even then, judging by his performance and public statements, he
still did not get it.

He praised the beleaguered head of the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
Michael Brown - "Brownie, you're doing a heck of a job," he said - and later,
inexplicably, made inappropriate remarks about his misspent youth on visits to
New Orleans.

This was hardly a time for levity.

Bush was back in Louisiana this week to try to atone for what by any standards
has been a failure of leadership in all its dimensions, but there was a sodden
quality to his appearances like the surroundings in which he found himself.

Indeed, it was hard to disagree with Republican senator Susan Collins - one of
her party's more independent voices - when she said this week: "Government at
all levels failed," adding: "It is difficult to understand the lack of
preparedness and the ineffective initial response to a disaster that has been
predicted for years."

Bill Clinton, who has refrained from criticising his successor, left no doubt
about his disgust with the way things had been handled.

"Our government failed those people in the beginning, and I take it now there is
no dispute about it," Clinton said. "One hundred per cent of the people
recognise that that it was a failure."

Even the Bush-admiring editorial page of The Wall Street Journal seemed
exasperated.

"Voters will forgive a president many mistakes, but no leader can survive a
public judgement that he is unsure of himself and hostage to events," the
Journal commented.

"We've thought for some time that Mr Bush's reticence was hurting him on Iraq,
and that he needs to be both more visible and more assertive in making his case
to Americans. After Katrina we'd say that's imperative."

The local New Orleans Times-Picayune was blunter in an open letter: "We're
angry, Mr President, and we'll be angry long after our beloved city and
surrounding parishes have been pumped dry.

"Our people deserved rescuing. Many who could have been were not. That's to the
government's shame."

The question now is whether Bush can regroup and re-energise his presidency for
the remaining three years of his second term.

He has shown before, such as post-September 11, that he is capable of asserting
his leadership after stumbling, but for whatever reason poor advice, hubris,
lack of compassion, or whatever Bush has burdened himself with a public
perception that will be hard to shake.

As James Thurber, American University political scientist, told AP: "It's going
to be almost impossible to overcome the perception about the President that he
didn't show compassion and didn't get control of the policy failures. The vivid
images that are coming across on television are really destroying his image."

In a country where image often some might say invariably transcends substance,
this erosion of confidence in Bush's leadership abilities is likely to nag at
the remainder of his presidency, whether he gets on top of the New Orleans
crisis or not.

Judging by the amount of money that is being thrown around, no expense will be
spared to get the fabled southern city back on its feet.

But the reality is that Bush has other challenges and other priorities that are
also weighing on his presidency, including Iraq.

The government's oversight failures in New Orleans are a reminder, if that were
needed, of the planning debacle in Iraq. New Orleans and Baghdad may not have
all that much in common, but unfortunately for Bush they are joined in a
gathering public perception of administration incompetence.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE PHOTOS: Clockwise from left: Rescuers go from house to house in
New Orleans, while International Fund for Animal Welfare workers step in to
evacuate a 70-year-old stroke victim and shotgun-wielding police guard
firefighters. Photos: AP, AFP, REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 March 22, 2000 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

EPA WARNS OF FERTILIZER THEFT METHAMPHETAMINE-MAKERS MISHANDLING POISONOUS,
EXPLOSIVE CHEMICAL

BYLINE: SETH BORENSTEIN, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 546 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Illicit drug-makers are sneaking onto American farms and stealing a common
chemical fertilizer that's also used to produce illegal methamphetamine. And
their sloppy handling of the dangerous chemical is endangering the American
public, the Environmental Protection Agency warned Tuesday.

In an unusual chemical-safety alert, the EPA warned users of anhydrous ammonia
to beef up security because theft-triggered chemical accidents are soaring. The
corrosive chemical can be fatal when inhaled; it burns the skin and is highly
explosive.

"People from the general public are being injured," said EPA chemical-emergency
senior specialist Mark Smith, the author of the agency's alert. "Emergency
responders are being injured. The public is being evacuated because of some of
these releases."

Guy Hargreaves, a supervisory agent with the U.S. Drug Enforcement
Administration, said, "The number of fires and explosions and poison-gas
incidents is just going up."

Three weeks ago, thieves stealing from a frequently victimized Pleasant Hill,
Mo., bulk-storage chemical tank got spooked and left the ammonia valve open as
they fled. Hundreds of gallons of the chemical flowed out, forming a toxic cloud
and forcing firefighters to evacuate 300 people in the middle of the night.

"The stealing of anhydrous ammonia is a common occurrence for the manufacture of
methamphetamine," said Pleasant Hill police detective Norman Conant. "It's a
safety issue all the way around. It is not just the (perpetrators). It's not
just the city. It's also those trying to enforce the law."

The drug-makers often fail to realize how dangerous and corrosive the chemical
is, experts said.

Some put the chemical into empty propane tanks from barbecue grills, orinto fire
extinguishers, milk jugs and coolers. The chemical quickly eats through the
containers and escapes into the air, said Ken Teeter, chief of emergency
response at the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.

"It's very common," Teeter said. "Every week we probably handle between 30 and
50 pressure cylinders that have been stolen and improperly used to store
anhydrous ammonia."

Last May, two men were driving down Interstate 70 in Missouri when anhydrous
ammonia hidden in a fire extinguisher they were carrying exploded. One man was
killed, a second severely injured. Three people were injured attempting to
rescue the pair.

The problem is focused now where methamphetamine is used: in the Midwest --
especially in Missouri, Iowa and Arkansas. It started in California and
Washington state several years ago and has been spreading east, Smith said. Only
the Northeast seems spared, he said.

Nationwide, more than 6,400 clandestine methamphetamine labs were seized in
1999, Hargreaves said. The problem "was just skyrocketing," he said, until
federal drug agents made major dents against labs last year.

Methamphetamine is easy to make; all the ingredients but anhydrous ammonia can
be found at a store, Hargreaves said. That leads methamphetamine lab operators
to turn to bulk chemical tank farms -- and farms, where ammonia is used as a
fertilizer on wheat, corn and sorghum.

The EPA recommends that farmers and other anhydrous ammonia users put locks on
valves and fences around tanks if possible.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                       May 8, 2001 Tuesday Final Edition

Kings' Murray has troops marching to his tune: L.A. penalty killing, play of
defencemen, Potvin all factors in surprising surge

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Jim Matheson

SECTION: Sports; Around the NHL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 853 words

The Los Angeles Kings are this spring's Cinderfellas.

They made the playoffs on the final weekend. The Colorado Avalanche made it on
opening night.

Yet, L.A. has its sweaty hands around Colorado's throat today, just a couple of
weeks after the Detroit Red Wings became the Dead Things.

They've won seven games this spring, all by a single goal, four in overtime.

The Avs had 118 points, the Kings 92. Detroit had 111 points, was up 3-0 with
seven minutes left in Game 4 in Round 1,with a 2-1 series lead, and, somehow,
the Kings beat them in OT.

"I'm sure the people in Edmonton are wondering how we're doing it. They waxed us
almost every time they played us. What was it? Eleven or 12 goals for them and
none for us the last two times we met," said Kings coach Andy Murray.

Murray, a low-key guy, deserves a good deal of credit for getting the Kings this
far -- he's a positive-thinker who says the right things at the right time.

Other factors have been goalie Felix Potvin, a penalty-killing unit that was the
worst in the league and suddenly can do no wrong against an Avs power play that
throws out Forsberg, Sakic, Drury, Blake and Bourque, and great play by three
defencemen -- Mathieu Schneider, Mattias Norstrom and Aaron Miller.

While it's easy to say the Avs have yet to play their 'A' game, it's more a
story of the Kings refusing to go quietly into the night.

Murray may be the only guy in L.A., who's trying to rein in his enthusiasm.

When they beat Detroit, he simply shook hands with Scotty Bowman and the other
Wings.

There was no fist-pumping then. No celebration after Glen Murray's OT winner
Sunday.

"My wife, who's back in Minnesota with my family, called and asked why I hadn't
jumped up and down when we beat the Wings.

"I think because two seconds after we beat them, I was thinking, 'Geez, now we
have to play Colorado.'

"I'll feel better if we're going to St. Louis on Thursday," he said.

So is this series tied because the Avs are only average or are the Kings
overachieving?

"I really don't care what people are saying. ... I don't think the Avalanche are
choking. We're just playing well," said Murray.

He has the Kings believing they're just not in the playoffs to fight the good
fight, knock off the Wings, then go away.

"I did read the Denver papers when it was 3-1 for them and one paper had the
matchups with St. Louis (next round)."

The Kings have advanced past the second round only once in their 34 years.

That was '93 when current Hockey Night in Canada commentator Kelly Hrudey was in
the nets for L.A.

The Kings reached the final against Montreal with Hrudey beating Felix Potvin
and the Leafs in Round 3.

Potvin hasn't allowed a goal since Chris Drury beat him on a breakaway with 1:48
left in the second period in Game 4.

That was last Wednesday.

No game Thursday, game Friday, off day Saturday, game Sunday.

In actual minutes on the clock, it's 164:28.

The Avs had gone 287 games, regular season and playoffs, without being blanked
in back-to-back games.

Back to October of '98.

It's hard to believe for the management of the Vancouver Canucks, who gave the
Cat away for a draft pick, and the fans in Denver who thought they'd hit the
motherlode drawing the Kings in Round 2 after the Canucks in Round 1.

It's harder to stomach if you're Avs owner Stan Kroenke.

The Wal-Mart heir is paying his guys $56 million, and he hasn't received any
bang for his buck lately.

How can a team that throws out Sakic, Forsberg and Co. be 3-for-32 on the power
play in the series with the Kings?

How can they go almost three hours without beating Potvin?

Said coach Murray: "To be honest, Felix hasn't had to be spectacular. Our
defence has been very good. That battle that Norstrom and Forsberg are having is
something else.

"To me, Patrick (Roy) has been great. I don't think last night should have been
a one-goal game."

The Avs were up 3-1 on the Oilers in '98, and Curtis Joseph blanked them the
last two games in a 4-3 Oilers stunner.

Marc Crawford's tenure as coach ended after that loss, when he and general
manager Pierre Lacroix agreed to disagree.

What about Bob Hartley if the Avs somehow lose to the Kings, the seventh seed?

If the Avs blow this, that will be three straight years Lacroix seemingly got
the piece to the puzzle (Theo Fleury in '99, Bourque in 2000 and Blake in 2001)
only to have it blow up in his face.

Don't think the Avs can't go down in flames again.

They're 0-3 in seventh games, losing to the Oilers, the Stars in '99 when they
were up 3-2 in the series and fell 4-1 in the sixth and seventh games and last
spring when Eddie Belfour beat Patrick Roy 3-2 in Game 7.

Coach Murray guaranteed a Kings' win in Game 5, when they were down 3-1 in the
series.

Murray said if they won Game 5, they'd win the series. Said it with a
straight-face.

He might be right.

"Everybody was ready to say it had been a good season for us, beating Detroit
and playing hard against Colorado, but I wanted to create a belief system.

"We can win the Stanley Cup," said Murray.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: AP; Avalanche's Patrick Roy suffers the agony after mishandling
a knuckle puck when Kings' Glen Murray sent a shot his way in the second
overtime period of Game 6 on Sunday.

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 18, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

EPA Report Puts Bay Program Under Scrutiny

Scott Wilson; Jackie Spinner, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: SOUTHERN MARYLAND EXTRA; Pg. M05; MARYLAND POLITICS

LENGTH: 594 words


An Environmental Protection Agency inspector general's report accusing an
Annapolis nonprofit of mishandling funds is drawing partisan attention on
Capitol Hill.

Earlier this month, The Washington Post reported the details of a confidential
inspector general's report alleging that former Bowie mayor Gary G. Allen
mismanaged several hundred thousand dollars in federal grant money as director
of the Center for Chesapeake Communities.

Soon after the report appeared, several Republican members of Congress seized on
the findings, including U.S. Sen. Christopher S. Bond (R-Mo.) and Rep. Tillie
Fowler (R-Fla.), who chair subcommittees with responsibility for the EPA budget.
In his statement, Bond threatened to hold Senate hearings into the Chesapeake
Bay Program, which administers $ 18 million a year in federal grants, and other
EPA programs unless the agency can explain why it gave money to Allen's
nonprofit.

"The way they created the group was wrong. The way the group handled the grant
from the EPA was wrong. What they did with the money was wrong, and where the
money went was wrong," Bond said. "This is outrageous behavior, and it must be
stopped."

The subtext of the flap over the center is a partisan one. The center was
created in fall 1997, ostensibly to better coordinate local government efforts
on behalf of the bay. At the root is a $ 359,000 grant that the EPA awarded
Allen's nonprofit without following a competitive bidding procedure. GOP
congressional members who are suspicious of federal grant programs are using the
inspector general's report as a way to raise larger questions about the EPA and
its program to clean up the bay.

The report suggested that Allen had a conflict of interest in creating the
center because he headed a study group charged with determining whether such a
nonprofit was needed. It also alleged that Allen violated federal procurement
rules by hiring a friend's company to help run the center's programs and that he
could not account for more than $ 277,000 in spending to the inspector general's
satisfaction.

The inspector general's report was prompted by complaints from Virginia members
of a government advisory committee on the bay, who in general want to see less
federal intervention in protecting and restoring the watershed. This was
especially true during the tenure of Virginia Gov. George Allen (R), and an
Allen appointee requested the investigation by the inspector general.

The center's defenders say those who oppose bay programs are using the report to
undermine the entire federal effort. Staff members for Bond and Fowler say they
may be holding hearings on the EPA grant programs in the coming months.

Delegate to Lead Women's Caucus

Del. Mary A. Conroy (D-Prince George's) has been elected president of the
Women's Caucus for the General Assembly.

Conroy, a member of the House of Delegates since 1986, will serve a one-year
term as head of the caucus, which was formed in 1972 to develop legislation that
deals with women, children and families.

Her election means that both of the two formal caucuses in the General Assembly
now will be headed by women from the Prince George's County delegation.

Del. Carolyn J.B. Howard (D-Prince George's) is president of the Black Caucus,
which was formed in 1970. Howard, who was elected in 1998, is serving a two-year
term.

The Women's Caucus, which was created to encourage women to participate in
government, has nine Senate and 46 House members.

Conroy takes over for Sen. Delores Kelley (D-Baltimore).

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 15, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

EPA Report Sparks Battle On the Hill

Scott Wilson; Jackie Spinner, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKLY - MD; Pg. M01; MARYLAND POLITICS

LENGTH: 1052 words


An Environmental Protection Agency inspector general's report accusing an
Annapolis nonprofit of mishandling funds is drawing partisan attention on
Capitol Hill.

Last week, The Washington Post reported the details of a confidential inspector
general's report alleging that former Bowie mayor Gary G. Allen mismanaged
several hundred thousand dollars in federal grant money as director of the
Center for Chesapeake Communities.

Soon after the report appeared, several Republican members of Congress seized on
the findings, including U.S. Sen. Christopher S. Bond (R-Mo.) and Rep. Tillie
Fowler (R-Fla.), who chair subcommittees with responsibility for the EPA budget.
In his statement, Bond threatened to hold Senate hearings into the Chesapeake
Bay Program, which administers $ 18 million a year in federal grants, and other
EPA programs unless the agency can explain why it gave money to Allen's
nonprofit.

"The way they created the group was wrong. The way the group handled the grant
from the EPA was wrong. What they did with the money was wrong, and where the
money went was wrong," Bond said. "This is outrageous behavior, and it must be
stopped."

The subtext of the flap over the center is a partisan one. The center was
created in the fall of 1997, ostensibly to better coordinate local government
efforts on behalf of the bay. At the root is a $ 359,000 grant that the EPA
awarded Allen's nonprofit without following a competitive bidding procedure. GOP
congressional members who are suspicious of federal grant programs are using the
inspector general's report as a way to raise larger questions about the EPA and
its program to clean up the bay.

The report suggested that Allen had a conflict of interest in creating the
center because he headed a study group charged with determining whether such a
nonprofit was needed. It also alleged that Allen violated federal procurement
rules by hiring a friend's company to help run the center's programs and that he
could not account for more than $ 277,000 in spending to the inspector general's
satisfaction.

The inspector general's report was prompted by complaints from Virginia members
of a government advisory committee on the bay, who in general want to see less
federal intervention in protecting and restoring the watershed. This was
especially true during the tenure of Virginia Gov. George Allen (R), and an
Allen appointee requested the investigation by the inspector general.

The center's defenders say those who oppose bay programs are using the report to
undermine the entire federal effort. Staff members for Bond and Fowler say they
may be holding hearings on the EPA grant programs in the coming months.

Bowie Delegate to Lead Caucus

Del. Mary A. Conroy (D-Prince George's) has been elected president of the
Women's Caucus for the General Assembly.

Conroy, a member of the House of Delegates since 1986, will serve a one-year
term as head of the caucus, which was formed in 1972 to develop legislation that
deals with women, children and families.

Her election means that both of the two formal caucuses in the General Assembly
now will be headed by women from the Prince George's County delegation.

Del. Carolyn J.B. Howard (D-Prince George's) is president of the Black Caucus,
which was formed in 1970. Howard, who was elected in 1998, is serving a two-year
term.

The Women's Caucus, which was created to encourage women to participate in
government, has nine Senate and 46 House members.

Del. Pauline H. Menes (D-Prince George's) was the first president of the caucus.

Conroy takes over for Sen. Delores Kelley (D-Baltimore).

Cozying Up to Business

They have been part of a bloc on the Montgomery County Council criticized as the
tax-and-spend wing. Now two of the council's three newest members are trying to
show their stripes as friends of business, including one who made such
credentials a central part of his campaign last year.

Council members Steven A. Silverman (D-At Large) and Philip Andrews
(D-Rockville) proposed a package of economic development measures this week that
they say will make Montgomery a better place to work and do business.

Council member Derick Berlage (D-Silver Spring) also endorsed the proposals,
which include a pledge to repeal the county's 92.5-cent monthly tax on cellular
telephone service.

"That's a stand-alone tax that says something about the way we do business in
Montgomery," Silverman said.

The announcement was celebrated by the Greater Montgomery Chamber of Commerce
and others within a business community that has felt burdened by several council
decisions in recent months.

In addition to rolling back the three-year-old cell phone tax, an action first
proposed by County Executive Douglas M. Duncan (D), the measures include giving
$ 1.075 million to create a one-stop career counseling center, promoting more
flexible working environments and increasing the economic development marketing
budget.

In dollar terms, the package is modest in a proposed county budget of $ 2.6
billion. But for Silverman, in particular, the announcement helps rehabilitate
his image as a progressive Democrat who also understands the needs of business.

Silverman angered some business leaders who supported his campaign last year by
voting to raise taxes on all tobacco products except cigarettes and, more
important, to support a blanket ban on smoking in Montgomery restaurants. In
Silver Spring, where Silverman once headed the Chamber of Commerce, the reaction
to his vote for the ban was one of near rage among some business owners who felt
he had abandoned them.

Repealing the cell phone tax, which generates about $ 2.8 million a year, is one
of three tax cuts Duncan is counting on. It is the cheapest but also the one
council President Isiah Leggett (D-At Large) has said is least likely to survive
when it comes before the nine-member council.

Berlage voted against repealing the tax as a member of the last council. He said
the county's thriving economy makes the cut reasonable now.

Silverman stopped short of endorsing Duncan's proposal to trim property and
income tax rates, which would affect more local workers but also cost
significantly more. So did Andrews and Berlage.

"One tax cut a day will have to do," Andrews said.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 14, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

EPA Inspector General's Report Fuels Partisan Fire

Scott Wilson; Jackie Spinner, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: PG EXTRA; Pg. M04; MARYLAND POLITICS

LENGTH: 1053 words


An Environmental Protection Agency inspector general's report accusing an
Annapolis nonprofit of mishandling funds is drawing partisan attention on
Capitol Hill.

Last week, The Washington Post reported the details of a confidential inspector
general's report alleging that former Bowie mayor Gary G. Allen mismanaged
several hundred thousand dollars in federal grant money as director of the
Center for Chesapeake Communities.

Soon after the report appeared, several Republican members of Congress seized on
the findings, including U.S. Sen. Christopher S. Bond (R-Mo.) and Rep. Tillie
Fowler (R-Fla.), who chair subcommittees with responsibility for the EPA budget.
In his statement, Bond threatened to hold Senate hearings into the Chesapeake
Bay Program, which administers $ 18 million a year in federal grants, and other
EPA programs unless the agency can explain why it gave money to Allen's
nonprofit.

"The way they created the group was wrong, the way the group handled the grant
from the EPA was wrong, what they did with the money was wrong, and where the
money went was wrong," Bond said. "This is outrageous behavior, and it must be
stopped."

The subtext of the flap over the center is a partisan one. The center was
created in the fall of 1997, ostensibly to better coordinate local government
efforts on behalf of the bay. At the root is a $ 359,000 grant that the EPA
awarded Allen's nonprofit without following a competitive bidding procedure. GOP
congressional members who are suspicious of federal grant programs are using the
inspector general's report as a way to raise larger questions about the EPA and
its program to clean up the bay.

The report suggested that Allen had a conflict of interest in creating the
center because he headed a study group charged with determining whether such a
nonprofit was needed. It also alleged that Allen violated federal procurement
rules by hiring a friend's company to help run the center's programs and that he
could not account for more than $ 277,000 in spending to the inspector general's
satisfaction.

The inspector general's report was prompted by complaints from Virginia members
of a government advisory committee on the bay, who in general want to see less
federal intervention in protecting and restoring the watershed. This was
especially true during the tenure of Virginia Gov. George Allen (R), and an
Allen appointee requested the investigation by the inspector general.

The center's defenders say those who oppose bay programs are using the report to
undermine the entire federal effort. Staff members for Bond and Fowler say they
may be holding hearings on the EPA grant programs in the coming months.

Bowie Delegate to Lead Women's Caucus

Del. Mary A. Conroy (D-Bowie) has been elected president of the Women's Caucus
for the General Assembly.

Conroy, a member of the House of Delegates since 1986, will serve a one-year
term as head of the caucus, which was formed in 1972 to develop legislation that
deals with women, children and families.

Her election means that both of the two formal caucuses in the General Assembly
now will be headed by women from the Prince George's County delegation.

Del. Carolyn J.B. Howard (D-Mitchellville) is president of the Black Caucus,
which was formed in 1970. Howard, who was elected in 1998, is serving a two-year
term.

The Women's Caucus, which was created to encourage women to participate in
government, has nine Senate and 46 House members.

Del. Pauline H. Menes (D-College Park) was the first president of the caucus.

Conroy takes over for Sen. Delores Kelley (D-Baltimore).

Cozying Up to Business in Montgomery

They have been part of a bloc on the Montgomery County Council criticized as the
tax-and-spend wing. Now two of the council's three newest members are trying to
show their stripes as friends of business, including one who made such
credentials a central part of his campaign last year.

Council members Steven A. Silverman (D-At Large) and Philip Andrews
(D-Rockville) proposed a package of economic development measures this week they
say will make Montgomery a better place to work and do business.

Council member Derick Berlage (D-Silver Spring) also endorsed the proposals,
which include a pledge to repeal the county's 92.5-cent monthly tax on cellular
telephone service.

"That's a stand-alone tax that says something about the way we do business in
Montgomery," Silverman said.

The announcement was celebrated by the Greater Montgomery Chamber of Commerce
and others within a business community that has felt burdened by several council
decisions in recent months.

In addition to rolling back the three-year-old cell phone tax, an action first
proposed by County Executive Douglas M. Duncan (D), the measures include giving
$ 1.075 million to create a one-stop career counseling center, promoting more
flexible working environments and increasing the economic development marketing
budget.

In dollar terms, the package is modest in a proposed county budget of $ 2.6
billion. But for Silverman, in particular, the announcement helps rehabilitate
his image as a progressive Democrat who also understands the needs of business.

Silverman angered some business leaders who supported his campaign last year by
voting to raise taxes on all tobacco products except cigarettes and, more
important, to support a blanket ban on smoking in Montgomery restaurants. In
Silver Spring, where Silverman once headed the Chamber of Commerce, the reaction
to his vote for the ban was one of near rage among some business owners who felt
he had abandoned them.

Repealing the cell phone tax, which generates about $ 2.8 million a year, is one
of three tax cuts Duncan is counting on. It is the cheapest but also the one
council President Isiah Leggett (D-At Large) has said is least likely to survive
when it comes before the nine-member council.

Berlage voted against repealing the tax as a member of the last council. He said
the county's thriving economy makes the cut reasonable now.

Silverman stopped short of endorsing Duncan's proposal to trim property and
income tax rates, which would affect more local workers but also cost
significantly more. So did Andrews and Berlage.

"One tax cut a day will have to do," Andrews said.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 6, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition

HUD Likely to Speed Up Escrow Rules

BYLINE: Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; PAGE F7; THE NATION'S HOUSING

LENGTH: 857 words


Confronted with growing evidence of widespread overcharges and other mishandling
of home-mortgage escrow accounts, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development is likely to speed up imposition of tougher standards on lenders
nationwide.

Although still being drafted, the new rules are expected to provide detailed
guidelines instructing lenders on how to calculate the proper amount of funds to
set aside each year for each homeowner's escrow account.

Among other reforms, the proposed regulations are expected to ban "creative
accounting" techniques that allow lenders to hold illegally large reserves in
borrowers' accounts, often interest-free.  The overcharges are rarely spotted by
homeowners, critics charge, because they are built into consumers' regular
monthly mortgage-payment schedules. Escrowed or "impound" items for millions of
homeowners include funds for property taxes, hazard insurance, mortgage
insurance, condominium fees and the like.

The federal government's interest in mortgage-escrow abuses has been stimulated
by a joint investigation undertaken by the offices of attorneys general in six
states. The investigation, which examined the escrow procedures of several
unidentified large national mortgage firms, suggested that 40 percent to 50
percent of some lenders' loan-escrow accounts fail to meet either existing
federal guidelines or the contract terms of the mortgages themselves, according
to Mel Goldberg, New York's assistant attorney general.

The states whose attorneys general have participated in the investigation
include California, Texas, Iowa, Minnesota, Massachusetts and New York. The six
states are sharing their findings with other state attorneys general and have
not ruled out litigation by individual states against particularly abusive
firms, according to sources within the group.

Representatives of the group met here in April with HUD and other
mortgage-market experts, including the Federal National Mortgage Association
(Fannie Mae). Organizations such as Fannie Mae -- the largest investor in
American mortgages -- are concerned about the impact of new federal escrow
regulations on the secondary market in home loans. If thousands of existing
mortgages are required to have their escrow-account procedures revised, it could
upset the market for mortgage securities, the packages of loans purchased in
multimillion-dollar blocks by insurance companies, banks, pension funds and
foreign investors.

HUD's proposed escrow reforms, currently attached to a set of stalled,
controversial rules on mortgage fees paid by borrowers to Realtors, could be
sliced off and published separately as early as this summer. To counter possible
criticism that the new rules would shake up the mortgage securities market, the
proposal almost certainly will apply only to future loans.

The central problem -- escrow padding -- turns out to be only one of a series of
issues turned up by the attorneys general, HUD and consumer advocates. The
padding problem, according to one member of the attorneys general group, is
caused by lenders routinely sidestepping federal law. Under a 1973 statute,
lenders carry a safety reserve equal to two months' worth of the year's total
estimated escrow-account requirement for any given mortgage. Many mortgage
documents call for lower reserves -- sometimes as low as zero -- yet lenders
ignore the contract and demand higher escrow contributions from borrowers,
investigators say.

On top of that, according to the attorneys general, many lenders use "creative
accounting" to compute their escrow reserves, so that they end up with three,
four and five months' worth of extra money, not just two months.

Also emerging as possible mortgage-escrow problems:

Poor cooperation or outright belligerence by lenders when asked by borrowers for
explanations of escrow charges. The entire subject of escrows is confusing
enough for the average borrower, but lenders compound it by sending
hard-to-understand loan-account summaries that often require additional
explanation, investigators report.

Challenged by a Maryland borrower over a sudden $ 800 "negative balance" in an
escrow account, the official of a Virginia-based savings and loan association at
first responded indignantly that there was no need for any explanation,
according to probers.

"We've calculated your account and that's your negative," she reportedly told
the borrower.

Pressed again, the S&L sent a virtually unintelligible loan history copied from
microfiche, investigators say. The borrower reportedly demanded more details and
finally was able to demonstrate that the S&L was withholding $ 300 a month more
than legally permitted.

Widespread uncertainty by consumers on where to get help when they've locked
horns with an uncooperative lender over escrow discrepancies. In general,
borrowers should turn to the state lending regulatory agencies, such as banking
commissioners. If you have an active county, city or state consumer-affairs
agency, it may be able to help as well. If you have documented evidence of an
escrow ripoff, however, turn to your state attorney general.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, WILLIAM T. COULTER

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 6, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Room for Arkansans near top

BYLINE: Bill Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK


The last time a little-known Southern Democrat won the presidency, official
Washington suddenly was overrun by his little-known Georgia compatriots - Jody
Powell, Bert Lance, Hamilton Jordan and Charles Kirbo.

But Bill Clinton, if the country doesn't know it already, is not Jimmy Carter,
at least in terms of his national network of advisers and his familiarity -
despite his campaign rhetoric - with traditional Democratic insiders.

So don't expect Arkansas transplanted to the Potomac - though there are sure to
be key players from Clinton's native state who have earned his trust during his
20 years of political life:

- Betsey Wright: Clinton's former gubernatorial chief of staff, Wright was one
of the campaign's deputy campaign managers and has an encyclopedic knowledge of
Clinton's record and governing style.

But Wright's star within the campaign sank in the final weeks, mostly because of
grousing about her mishandling of GOP attacks on Clinton's tax policies - the
famous list of 128 tax and fee hikes - and his draft record.

Clinton owes and likes her, so Wright will go to Washington if she wants to.

But look for her to take a lesser role, like a deputy chairmanship at the
Democratic National Committee.

- M. Jocelyn Elders: Perhaps the best chance for an Arkansan to land a Cabinet
or sub-Cabinet spot. Elders, who is black, is a pediatrician who heads the
state's Department of Health.

She is nationally recognized for her programs on rural health care and
prevention of teen-age pregnancies.

Health and Human Services secretary might be too high a jump, but Clinton is a
big Elders fan and she could be an influential undersecretary.

- Thomas ''Mack'' McLarty: Chief executive at Arkansas-Louisiana Gas Co. and a
childhood friend of Clinton's from Hope, Ark.

McLarty last week joined the select group of Clinton insiders tinkering with
transition structure and personnel, making his star rise as a possible
Transportation or Energy secretary. He's much respected in Arkansas, with a
squeaky-clean reputation.

- Bob Nash: Another longtime Clinton gubernatorial aide, Nash now heads the
Arkansas Development Finance Authority, one of Clinton's pet projects, which
provides seed money and issues bonds to fuel rural construction, particularly in
the Arkansas Delta.

Nash, who is black, is a natural to play some role at HUD, particularly given
Clinton's interest in creating entrepreneurial capital in poor and rural areas
nationwide.

A host of other longtime Clinton insiders could also turn up in lesser roles.
Among them:

- Clinton gubernatorial chief of staff William Bowen, retired chairman of Little
Rock's First Commercial Bank.

- Rodney Slater, state highway commissioner and Clinton's most visible black
aide throughout the campaign.

- Lottie Shackelford, Little Rock city director, has been one of Clinton's
deputy campaign managers, already a vice chairman of the Democratic National
Committee.

- University of Arkansas political scientist Diane Blair, a close friend of both
Clinton and wife Hillary. Blair's husband Jim, general counsel for Arkansas'
giant Tyson Foods Inc., also is very close to Bill Clinton.

- Mahlon Martin, president of the Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation and first
black head of the state Department of Finance and Administration.

- Skip Rutherford, former state Democratic party chairman and longtime Clinton
friend, joined the campaign this fall to serve as a special assistant to
campaign manger David Wilhelm.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY; PHOTOS; b/w, AP (8)

CUTLINE: WRIGHT: Clinton's former gubernatorial chief of staff has an
encyclopedic knowledge of Clinton's record and governing style. CUTLINE: ELDERS:
Known for work on rural medicine, teen pregnancy CUTLINE: McLARTY: Childhood
friend with squeaky-clean reputation CUTLINE: NASH CUTLINE: BOWEN CUTLINE:
SLATER CUTLINE: SHACKELFORD CUTLINE: MARTIN CUTLINE: RUTHERFORD

THE TRANSITION; As Bill Clinton leaves his home state for the presidency, here
are some of the close friends and associates who could join him in Washington:

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           February 6, 1992, Thursday

THE SOUTH IN BRIEF U.S. fines 21 Southern firms for waste

BYLINE: By David Beasley STAFF WRITERunited/states; wastes; georgia;
north/carolina; florida; louisiana; schools; drugs; infants

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 395 words


GEORGIA: Twenty-one businesses in the Southeast face fines totaling more than $
9 million for mishandling hazardous waste, federal officials announced
Wednesday. Companies in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, North Carolina and South
Carolina were fined from $ 5,000 to more than $ 3.5 million each. Many of the
fines stem from the dumping of hazardous waste on land, in sewer drains and in
trash piles hauled to municipal landfills. The penalties are part of an effort
by state and federal environmental officials to reduce the amount of hazardous
waste, federal officials said.

NORTH CAROLINA: Church may ordain homosexual. A Chapel Hill church with a
liberal tradition has taken a step toward ordaining the nation's first Baptist
minister to openly acknowledge being homosexual. Deacons at Olin T. Binkley
Memorial Baptist Church this week formally endorsed the candidacy of John
Blevins, a divinity student at Duke University. The move could threaten the
church's already tenuous relationship with the Southern Baptist Convention, the
world's largest Baptist organization. The convention views homosexuality as a
sin.

FLORIDA: Mother who fed cocaine to baby charged. A mother whose infant son
nearly died after she fed him cocaine is facing a charge of attempted murder.
Theresa Lavette Christian of Plantation told police she put cocaine into
20-day-old Donovan Shaw's formula when the baby was cranky and wouldn't stop
crying Jan. 27. The baby was in stable condition Wednesday at Plantation General
Hospital.

FLORIDA: Seventh-grade sex survey withdrawn. A sex survey asking intimate
questions of Jacksonville seventh-graders was discontinued after parental
complaints. The Teen-Aid survey, for a sex education class, included questions
about students' virginity, frequency of intercourse and pregnancies.

LOUISIANA: Special loans for middle-income students. Louisiana on Wednesday
became the first state in the South to give lower-interest education loans to
middle-income families. Gov. Edwin Edwards passed out checks at the Governor's
Mansion in Baton Rouge to six of the 8,500 students who initially will
participate in the $ 20 million program, approved last year by the Legislature.
Under the loan program for the poor, payments are made after graduation; the
middle-income program requires monthly interest payments while the student is in
school.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     April 23, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

California Insurance Fund Under Scrutiny; Firms Gave Millions To Avoid Penalties

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO, April 22


Accused of mishandling claims from the 1994 earthquake in Los Angeles,
executives from six insurance companies were summoned to the California state
Insurance Department's headquarters.

They were ushered into an office one by one and offered a choice: Donate to a
new fund set up by the department or face billions of dollars' worth of
penalties.

"They were told, 'You cooperate,' " said an insurance industry source familiar
with the meetings with then-Chief Deputy Insurance Commissioner William Palmer.

"One [executive] would walk in, and Palmer would throw down two press
releases--one that he said would be sent out if they contributed, the other if
they didn't. One by one, they got mad and walked out," said an insurance
executive whose account was confirmed by two other sources. All spoke on the
condition of anonymity.

Ultimately the insurers decided to avoid the penalties and gave the fund a total
of $ 11.6 million in donations for education, consumer assistance and earthquake
research.

The dismissed potential fines were enormous: $ 2.38 billion for State Farm, $
819 million for 21st Century and $ 172 million for Allstate. But Insurance
Commissioner Chuck Quackenbush's office said those penalties were cited for
"shock value" and were never seriously contemplated. "They extrapolated the
worst-case scenario for every problem we identified, including willful
violations," said Quackenbush spokesman Dan Edwards.

The California Research and Assistance Fund is now under investigation by two
committees of the state legislature and by Attorney General Bill Lockyer, who
has subpoenaed directors of the fund and two other funds financed with similar
payments by insurance companies.

The first legislative hearings are scheduled Wednesday and also could focus on
what has happened to the mishandled claims that prompted the threatened fines.

They include complaints that insurers low-balled damage estimates in settlement
offers, improperly deducted for wear-and-tear, did not inform policyholders of
benefits and forced some to sue for compensation.

Quackenbush aides say that confidentiality laws prevent them from giving details
but that insurers are cooperating in seeking fair settlements.

Consumer advocates say many complaints remain unresolved six years after the
quake in the Northridge area of Los Angeles, although few victims have made the
same claim.

Meanwhile, the fund has spent $ 3 million for public service ads featuring
Quackenbush, a Republican reelected in 1998, and an additional $ 1.1 million for
public service ads starring Shaquille O'Neal of the NBA's Los Angeles Lakers.
The Quackenbush ads that aired last November showed Quackenbush discussing quake
dangers and urging viewers to call a toll-free number for more information. The
O'Neal ads have not yet aired.

The fund also donated $ 500,000 to the Greater Sacramento Urban League after
Quackenbush joined the organization's board of directors. The league has no
official business related to earthquakes, which are infrequent in the Sacramento
area.

Consumer advocate Harvey Rosenfield, who wrote a 1988 ballot measure that
created the elected insurance commissioner's office, said any payments by
insurers should have been made to the state treasury.

"The insurance commissioner does not have the authority to order or agree to
payments to nonprofit foundations as a substitute for payments to the state
treasury," Rosenfield said.

Edwards disagreed, saying the commissioner has broad powers to levy fines and
decide penalties.

"We did something creative, but it's not unprecedented and it's better for
consumers," Edwards said.


LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    January 24, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

D.C. Police Admit Mishandling Man's Death

Sari Horwitz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 678 words



D.C. police officials said yesterday that a breakdown in communication caused
the department to release publicly the name of a Northwest Washington man, who
may have died of hypothermia, before they notified his relatives.

The police breakdown also led officers to say the man was apparently homeless
when in fact he had lived with his wife in an apartment two blocks away for
eight years.

"It was a system failure," said D.C. Executive Assistant Police Chief Terrance
W. Gainer.

Family members of Melvin L. Wharton, 51, the man D.C. police found dead in
freezing temperatures, said yesterday that they were outraged that as of
yesterday morning, no authorities had yet officially notified relatives of the
man's death.

"Do you know what that did to us, to read about his death and not be notified
beforehand?" said his 55-year-old brother, John Wharton, of Bladensburg. "There
still has been no follow-up. This happened Friday. It's Sunday."

Wharton's oldest sister, Sarah Lundy, 53, of Jacksonville, Fla., said: "We are
having a horrible time understanding how someone was found and no one makes an
effort to contact the next of kin before it's in the newspaper." Lundy and her
brother said that Wharton had a large extended family in the Washington area.

Yesterday afternoon, after being contacted by The Washington Post about the
incident, Gainer called Wharton's wife, brother and niece to apologize on behalf
of the department.

"I told them we were sorry that we added to their suffering," Gainer said later
in an interview.

Wharton's body was discovered by a person walking home about 2:30 a.m. Friday in
the 2900 block of 11th Street NW. Wharton was wearing a hat, brown boots, blue
sweat pants and a brown jacket but no shirt. Police said then that no home
address had been found for Wharton, and they said it was typical that someone
who died outside had no place to go.

But Wharton had lived in the 2700 block of 11th Street NW for eight years,
according to John Wharton. "Everyone on the block knew Melvin," his brother
said.

Melvin Wharton, a native of South Carolina, came to the District when he was a
child. He graduated from Cardozo High School, where he played football and was
nicknamed "Thunderbird." He had been married for 15 years and had worked on and
off as a building manager, though he was unemployed when he died. His brother
said Wharton had struggled for years with alcohol addiction.

John Wharton said his younger brother told his wife Thursday night that he was
experiencing stomach pains and needed to get to a hospital. Wharton said his
brother may have been walking to the hospital because he didn't have a car or a
telephone.

John Wharton said that after reading about his brother's death, he went to the
medical examiner's office to identify the body. "They would not tell us the
results of the autopsy," Wharton said.

D.C. Medical Examiner Jonathan L. Arden said yesterday that preliminary autopsy
results indicate that Wharton died of exposure, but he said further tests will
confirm Wharton's cause of death.

Wharton said fingerprints for his brother, who was arrested last year on a
charge that was later dropped, should have been on file for the police
department to identify him and notify his wife.

Gainer said Wharton was identified through fingerprints taken from the body by
the police mobile crime unit. That unit then called the medical examiner's
office and passed on Wharton's name. But the mobile crime officers did not call
the 4th District officers who were handling the case, Gainer said.

"And the 4D detectives didn't pursue vigorously enough what the mobile crime and
identification sections were doing," Gainer said. "We didn't coordinate the way
we should have."

"My brother wasn't a perfect guy," John Wharton said yesterday. "He had problems
just like everyone else. But he wasn't homeless. He had a place to live, a wife
and a family who cared about him."

Melvin L. Wharton at age 42. He apparently died of hypothermia two blocks from
his home at age 51.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 27, 1989, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

NEW RULES ON ESCROWS?

BYLINE: Kenneth Harney COLUMN

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 1280 words


WASHINGTON - Confronted with growing evidence of widespread overcharges and
other mishandling of home-mortgage escrow accounts, the federal department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is now likely to speed up proposed
regulations imposing tougher standards on lenders nationwide.  Although still
being drafted, the new rules are expected to provide detailed guidelines
instructing lenders on how to calculate the proper amount of funds to set aside
each year for each homeowner's escrow account. Among other reforms, the proposed
regulations are expected to ban ''creative accounting'' techniques that allow
lenders to hold illegally large reserves in borrowers' accounts, often
interest-free.  The overcharges are rarely spotted by homeowners, critics
charge, because they are built into consumers' regular monthly mortgage payment
schedules.  Escrowed or ''impound'' items for millions of homeowners include
funds for property taxes, hazard insurance, mortgage insurance, condominium fees
and the like.  The federal government's interest in mortgage-escrow abuses has
been stimulated by a joint probe undertaken by attorneys general offices in six
states. The investigation, which examined the escrow procedures of several,
unidentified large national mortgage firms, suggested that 40 to 50 percent of
some lenders' loan-escrow accounts fail to meet either existing federal
guidelines or the contract terms of the individual mortgages themselves,
according to New York Assistant Attorney General Mel Goldberg.  The states whose
attorney general offices have participated in the probe include California,
Texas, Iowa, Minnesota, Massachusetts and New York. The six states are sharing
their findings with other state attorneys general and have not ruled out
litigation by individual states against particularly abusive firms, according to
sources within the group. Representatives of the group met here in April with
HUD and other mortgage market experts, including the Federal National Mortgage
Association (Fannie Mae). Organizations such as Fannie Mae - the largest
investor in American mortgages - are concerned about the impact of new federal
escrow regulations on the secondary market in home loans. If thousands of
existing mortgages are forced to have their escrow-account procedures revised,
that could upset the market for mortgage securities, the packages of loans
purchased in multimillion-dollar blocks by insurance companies, banks, pension
funds and foreign investors.  HUD's proposed escrow reforms, currently attached
to a set of stalled, controversial rules on mortgage fees paid by borrowers to
Realtors, could be sliced off and published separately as early as this summer.
To counter possible criticism that the new rules would shake up the mortgage
securities market, the proposal almost certainly will limit its scope to future
loans, rather than affect existing mortgages.  The central problem sought to be
remedied by the rules - escrow padding - turns out to be only one of a series of
issues turned up by the attorneys general, HUD and consumer advoca tes. The
padding problem, according to one member of the attorneys general group, is
caused by lenders routinely sidestepping federal law. Under a 1973 statute,
lenders carry a safety reserve equal to two months' worth of the year's total
estimated escrow-account requirement for any given mortgage. Many mortgage
documents call for lower reserves - sometimes as low as zero - yet lenders
ignore the contract and demand higher escrow contributions from their borrowers.
On top of that, according to the attorneys general, many lenders use ''creative
accounting'' to compute their escrow reserves, so that they end up with three,
four and five months' worth of extra money, not just two months.  Also emerging
as commonplace home-mortgage-escrow problems: Lack of cooperation or
belligerence by lenders when asked by borrowers for explanations of escrow
charges. The entire subject of escrows is confusing enough for the average
borrower, but lenders compound it by sending hard-to-understand loan-account
summaries that often require additional explanation themselves.  Challenged by a
Maryland borrower over a sudden $800 ''negative balance'' in an escrow account,
the official of a Virginia-based savings-and-loan association at first responded
indignantly that there was no need for any explanation.  ''We've calculated your
account and that's your negative,'' she told the borrower.  Pressed again, the
S&L sent a virtually unintelligible loan history copied from microfiche. The
undaunted borrower demanded more details and finally was able to demonstrate
that the S&L was withholding $300 a month more than legally permitted.
Widespread uncertainty by consumers on where to get help when they've locked
horns with an uncooperative lender over escrow discrepancies. In general,
borrowers should turn to the state lending regulatory agencies, such as banking
commissioners. If you have an active county, city or state consumer-affairs
agency, it may be able to help as well. If you have documented evidence of an
escrow account rip-off, however, turn to your state attorney general.  1989
Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 7, 1989, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

NEW RULES ON ESCROWS?

BYLINE: Kenneth Harney

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 1280 words


WASHINGTON - Confronted with growing evidence of widespread overcharges and
other mishandling of home-mortgage escrow accounts, the federal department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is now likely to speed up proposed
regulations imposing tougher standards on lenders nationwide.  Although still
being drafted, the new rules are expected to provide detailed guidelines
instructing lenders on how to calculate the proper amount of funds to set aside
each year for each homeowner's escrow account. Among other reforms, the proposed
regulations are expected to ban ''creative accounting'' techniques that allow
lenders to hold illegally large reserves in borrowers' accounts, often
interest-free.  The overcharges are rarely spotted by homeowners, critics
charge, because they are built into consumers' regular monthly mortgage payment
schedules.  Escrowed or ''impound'' items for millions of homeowners include
funds for property taxes, hazard insurance, mortgage insurance, condominium fees
and the like.  The federal government's interest in mortgage-escrow abuses has
been stimulated by a joint probe undertaken by attorneys general offices in six
states. The investigation, which examined the escrow procedures of several,
unidentified large national mortgage firms, suggested that 40 to 50 percent of
some lenders' loan-escrow accounts fail to meet either existing federal
guidelines or the contract terms of the individual mortgages themselves,
according to New York Assistant Attorney General Mel Goldberg.  The states whose
attorney general offices have participated in the probe include California,
Texas, Iowa, Minnesota, Massachusetts and New York. The six states are sharing
their findings with other state attorneys general and have not ruled out
litigation by individual states against particularly abusive firms, accord ing
to sources within the group. Representatives of the group met here in April with
HUD and other mortgage market experts, including the Federal National Mortgage
Association (Fannie Mae). Organizations such as Fannie Mae - the largest
investor in American mortgages - are concerned about the impact of new federal
escrow regulations on the secondary market in home loans. If thousands of
existing mortgages are forced to have their escrow-account procedures revised,
that could upset the market for mortgage securities, the packages of loans
purchased in multimillion-dollar blocks by insurance companies, banks, pension
funds and foreign investors.  HUD's proposed escrow reforms, currently attached
to a set of stalled, controversial rules on mortgage fees paid by borrowers to
Realtors, could be sliced off and published separately as early as this summer.
To counter possible criticism that the new rules would shake up the mortgage
securities market, the proposal almost certainly will limit its scope to future
loans, rather than affect existing mortgages.  The central problem sought to be
remedied by the rules - escrow padding - turns out to be only one of a series of
issues turned up by the attorneys general, HUD and consumer advocates. The
padding problem, according to one member of the attorneys general group, is
caused by lenders routinely sidestepping federal law. Under a 1973 statute,
lenders carry a safety reserve equal to two months' worth of the year's total
estimated escrow-account requirement for any given mortgage. Many mortgage
documents call for lower reserves - sometimes as low as zero - yet lenders
ignore the contract and demand higher escrow contributions from their borrowers.
On top of that, according to the attorneys general, many lenders use ''creative
accounting'' to compute their escrow reserves, so that they end up with three,
four and five months' worth of extra money, not just two months.  Also emerging
as commonplace home-mortgage-escrow problems: Lack of cooperation or
belligerence by lenders when asked by borrowers for explanations of escrow
charges. The entire subject of escrows is confusing enough for the average
borrower, but lenders compound it by sending hard-to-understand loan-account
summaries that often require additional explanation themselves.  Challenged by a
Maryland borrower over a sudden $800 ''negative balance'' in an escrow account,
the official of a Virginia-based savings-and-loan association at first responded
indignantly that there was no need for any explanation.  ''We've calculated your
account and that's your negative,'' she told the borrower.  Pressed again, the
S&L sent a virtually unintelligible loan history copied from microfiche. The
undaunted borrower demanded more details and finally was able to demonstrate
that the S&L was withholding $300 a month more than legally permitted.
Widespread uncertainty by consumers on where to get help when they've locked
horns with an uncooperative lender over escrow discrepancies. In general,
borrowers should turn to the state lending regulatory agencies, such as banking
commissioners. If you have an active county, city or state consumer-affairs
agency, it may be able to help as well. If you have documented evidence of an
escrow account rip-off, however, turn to your state attorney general.  1989
Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          September 13, 1997 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Dr Mahathir's brave new world starts to crumble;
* MALAYSIA: MIRACLE TO MALAISE - ASIA

BYLINE: MARK BAKER Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1345 words


THROUGH a thick blanket of toxic Kuala Lumpur smog, the twin towers of what is
claimed to be the world's tallest building rise like a pair of gnarled,
space-age monoliths. On a rare clear day, from the 88th floor of the Petronus
Towers in the heart of Kuala Lumpur, you can see the march of progress - and its
toll - stretching 50 kilometres to the south.

New expressways slice through tracts of virgin jungle. Whole hillsides have been
carved out and valleys levelled to make way for vast new housing estates,
clusters of high-rise condominiums and industrial zones. Shopping malls, theme
parks and golf courses sprout across the landscape.

In the far distance, thousands of workers toil on a new international airport
and the first stage of Putra Jaya, the new national capital. Nearby is Cyber
Jaya, the site for an Asian Silicon Valley. Then there's Linear City, a two
kilometre-long, 10-storey structure that will straddle the course of a river in
central Kuala Lumpur.

Across this panorama of frenetic activity rises the clamour of jackhammers and
bulldozers, the snarl of traffic and a choking pall of pollution that has
engulfed the Malaysian capital for two unbroken months.

Welcome to the Multimedia Super Corridor - Dr Mahathir Mohamad's $20 billion
answer to Dr Who. This is the brave new world of Dr Mahathir's ambition to
transform Malaysia by 2020 into not just a fully developed nation but also the
South-East Asian hub of high-tech and cutting-edge innovation.

But as the 71-year-old Prime Minister contemplates the crowning glory of his
16-year reign, deep cracks are appearing in the crystal ball of his magnificent
vision. They threaten more than just the future of the Malaysian economic
miracle. At stake also is the proud reputation of the region's most forceful
leader and his grip on the ruling United Malays National Organisation (UMNO).

After a decade of spectacular growth, the Malaysian economy has hit heavy
weather. The sharp downturn that has rocked currencies and stockmarkets across
South-East Asia over the past few months has arrived suddenly at Malaysia's
door. And while the fundamental problem is the same - too much growth, too
quickly - the Malaysian crisis is seen to have been compounded by the brash and
uncompromising style of Dr Mahathir, and what the discreet but growing ranks of
his domestic critics describe as his edifice complex.

A barrage of ferocious attacks on the international financial community over the
past two months, followed by a series of staggeringly inept policy moves
orchestrated by the Prime Minister in an attempt to fight off foreign
speculators, last week saw

the ringgit crash to its lowest level against the US dollar in 24 years and the
Kuala Lumpur stockmarket plunge to a four-year low.

The crisis has forced a series of extraordinary policy backflips over the past
week in which Dr Mahathir - under pressure from panicked business leaders and
senior UMNO figures, including his ambitious deputy, Mr Anwar Ibrahim - has
agreed reluctantly to put thebrakes on growth, slash government spending and
rein in the country's ballooning current account deficit.Most embarrassingly of
all, Dr Mahathir has been forced to agree to the shelving of a raft of
big-ticket developm

ent projects at the heart of his strategy to modernise and transform Malaysia
into the region's economic powerhouse.

Projects that have been either shelved or temporarily delayed include the $6
billion Bakun hydro-electric dam - an environmentally disastrous scheme that
would have flooded an area the size of Singapore in the heart of the rainforests
of Sarawak - the Linear City scheme, a new international airport planned for
northern Malaysia, and further stages of the Putra Jaya administrative centre.

The dramatic reversal of fortunes for an economy which has recorded growth rates
in excess of 8 per cent every year for the past decade and just a few months ago
was still the second-fasting growing economy in the world, has stunned
Malaysians. And while the impact of the Thai economic crisis has certainly
compounded Malaysia's problems, the blame for the severity of the recent market
backlash is placed squarely on the shoulders of Dr Mahathir.

The trouble started in early July when, returning from a two-month sabbatical,
Dr Mahathir launched an extraordinary attack on foreign speculators for pushing
down the value of the ringgit. He singled out the American financier Mr George
Soros, describing him as a "self-serving rogue" who was plotting to destroy the
Malaysian economy for political reasons.

Since then, as the currency continued to slide, the rhetoric became even more
overblown. Two weeks ago, Dr Mahathir branded currency speculators as "ferocious
beasts". The Government-controlled media went even further, suggesting Mr Soros
was a Nazi sympathiser, supported legalising drugs and had links to the
"international Zionist conspiracy".

Even this nonsense might have been excused as classic Mahathir political
invective if the Prime Minister had not then decided to put his country's money
where his mouth was. Ignoring the advice of key ministers and senior advisers,
he ordered trading curbs on 100 blue chip stocks on the Kuala Lumpur stock
exchange and sanctioned warnings that the country's draconian Internal Security
Act would be used to prosecute and even jail traders who promoted selling of the
currency and local stocks.

The measures drew an immediate and inevitable response, as foreign and local
investors fled the stockmarket in droves and the ringgit plunged. Investor
confidence was shaken even further when Dr Mahathir declared that he would
establish a $A25 billion fighting fund to defend stock prices.

In perhaps the supreme irony, it has now been revealed that at the height of Dr
Mahathir's verbal slaying of the Soros dragon, the financier's hedge funds were
actually buying back ringgit to cover their perceived exposure from selling out
of the currency earlier in the year. While certainly not driven by altruism, Mr
Soros was effectively assisting Malaysian authorities to prop up the ringgit.

Despite the hasty damage control measures ordered after an emergency weekend
meeting between Dr Mahathir and top officials, including his chief economic
adviser, Mr Daim Zainuddin, and Mr Anwar, analysts believe lasting damage has
been done.

"I can't see a sustained recovery for a long time. Investors have really been
scared away by this and it will be a long time before they come back," said the
chief economist at one of Kuala Lumpur's leading broking firms, Dr Mohammed
Ariff. He says the Malaysian central bank, Bank Negara, must share the blame for
mishandling the crisis. But he says the country's economic fundamentals are
sound and the fallout from the downturn can be contained.

INEVITABLY, Dr Mahathir's mishandling of the financial crisis has raised pointed
questions about the judgment of the veteran leader and revived speculation about
his future.

"There are now a lot of rumblings within UMNO," says a senior Malaysian
political analyst. "A lot of very senior people are unhappy with what Dr
Mahathir has done and there is no doubt it has hurt his reputation and his
standing in the party."

The events are seen to have strengthened the political hand of Mr Anwar, the
urbane 49-year-old Finance Minister and Dr Mahathir's anointed successor, who
had been conspicuously silent during events that led to last week's turmoil on
the markets.

"Anwar is seen to have been sidelined over the past few months but eventually he
has prevailed, especially on the infrastructure issues," says a senior Malaysian
political analyst. "Mahathir's acceptance of the need to shelve those projects
has been grudging but it is a victory for Anwar."

The renewed friction between the two leaders has been highlighted by the sudden
revival over the past few weeks of a vicious smear campaign against Mr Anwar,
believed to have been orchestrated by key Mahathir supporters. Two detailed
letters accusing Mr Anwar of sexual indiscretions have been widely circulated in
senior political circles in recent weeks.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: The Petronus Towers loom over pedestrians in central Kuala
Lumpur.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1997 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 2, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Health Official Concedes Mishandling of Inquiry

BYLINE: By PHILIP J. HILTS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 877 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 1


Dr. Bernadine Healy, the new director of the National Institutes of Health,
admitted today that she had done a poor job of investigating a misconduct case
at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation, where she formerly worked.

In an angry confrontation with Representatives John D. Dingell, Democrat of
Michigan, and Norman F. Lent, a New York Republican from Nassau County, who are
looking into the way the institutes investigates misconduct, she conceded that
the inquiry she conducted at the clinic in 1990 was "sloppy and inadequate."

Series of Unexpected Actions

Questions about Dr. Healy's handling of the Cleveland case were among the issues
that have been raised by members of the House Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations after a series of unexpected actions by Dr. Healy involving the
agency's Office of Scientific Integrity since she took office about three months
ago.

Last month, Dr. Healy excused herself from making any decisions on questions of
misconduct brought before the scientific integrity office.

The questions have come up at a time when the scientific community is facing
questions over misconduct and how well it is policing itself. Assertions of
misconduct, or failure to investigate misconduct, have been leveled against a
number of prominent researchers and their institutions, including the N.I.H.

The Office of Scientific Integrity is nearing the end of an investigation of two
celebrated cases, that of Dr. Robert Gallo, a co-discoverer of the cause of
AIDS, and that involving Dr. Thereza Imanishi-Kari and Dr. David Baltimore.

Congressman's Assertions

Mr. Dingell said he thought Dr. Healy had "derailed two critical investigations,
demoralized and emasculated the O.S.I., and made a mockery of the O.S.I.'s
independence in dealing with misconduct allegations." The office's principal
investigator, Dr. Suzanne Hadley, was not only in charge of the investigations
into the Imanishi-Kari and Gallo cases but also into the investigation in which
Dr. Healy had a part at the Cleveland Clinic.

Dr. Healey staunchly defended herself today, saying the investigative office
needed to be reorganized to give the institutes' investigations more
credibility. Scientists had often gotten the impression that the office's
procedures were unfair.

At today's hearing, Representative Dingell gave this account of Dr. Healy's
actions in the Imanishi-Kari and Gallo cases:

Dr. Healy argued strongly against the investigative office's decision that Dr.
Ursula Storb, who was investigating the Imanishi-Kari case, should step down.
The investigators made the recommendation after they discovered that Dr. Storb
had written a letter of recommendation for Dr. Imanishi-Kari before the
investigation into the faking of data in a 1986 paper co-signed by Dr.
Imanishi-Kari and Dr. Baltimore.

On reading the draft of the report of the investigation of Dr. Gallo, Dr. Healy
demanded that Dr. Hadley rewrite it, saying it "read like a novel." Dr. Hadley
refused to do so, fearing that that would destroy its impact.

Immediately after that incident, Dr. Healy sent an N.I.H. lawyer, Robert B.
Lanman, to investigate Dr. Hadley, saying that she may have become "too
friendly" with the researcher who had first accused Dr. Imanishi-Kari of
wrongdoing and ordering Dr. Hadley to turn over the notes from her phone
conversations with the whistleblower.

Dr. Healy then told the chief of the investigative office to "rein in" Dr.
Hadley and directed that she make no more decisions on the Gallo or Baltimore
cases and that Dr. Hadley's files be removed from her office.

After these actions, Dr. Hadley resigned, and Dr. Healy said the resignation was
of her "own free will."

Attack on Office Suggested

When Mr. Dingell's staff members began to speak to agency officials about these
actions, the staff members suggested that there was a possibility that the
director's actions constituted an attack the investigative office and in
particular Dr. Hadley.

The investigation took place when Dr. Healy was the head of research at the
Cleveland Clinic Foundation. A researcher there was acccused by a colleague of
having made false statements in an application to the Federal Government for
money to support his research.

Her review ended in a finding of no misconduct, but she said in her defense
today that the poor job she did haunted her and that she had asked a second
panel to look into the matter. That panel said a full investigation was
warranted and that investigation overturned her original verdict.

A preliminary report of the N.I.H.'s investigation in the case has concluded
that the researcher did commit scientific misconduct by making false statements
in a grant application. The report also strongly criticized Dr. Healy's first
inquiry into the matter.

Dr. Healy said today that her investigation at the Cleveland Clinic Foundation
comprised a single meeting of three hours, during which she did not look at all
the evidence and did not interview the whistleblower but did talk to the
accused.

In today's hearing, she angrily refused to back away from her actions in which
she forced Dr. Hadley to resign. She said that she had taken those actions
before her recusal and that they would stand.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

            September 11, 1999, Saturday, 4 State / Suncoast Edition

3 Los Alamos officials disciplined

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; IN BRIEF; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1072 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; DENVER; BRYAN, Texas; COLUMBIA, Miss.



Three officials of the Los Alamos nuclear weapons lab, including a former
director, were disciplined Friday for mishandling an investigation into alleged
Chinese spying.

The University of California, which operates the lab for the Energy Department,
announced the disciplinary actions. It refused to identify the three officials,
citing privacy concerns.

The Associated Press reported that two sources knowledgeable about the cases
said the former lab director, Siegfried "Sig" Hecker, was given a letter of
reprimand, but no additional action was taken against him. Hecker, head of the
lab from 1986 to 1997, remains a Los Alamos lab researcher.

The most severe action was taken against Terry Craig, a former
counterintelligence officer at the lab, who received a letter of reprimand and
had his salary frozen and unspecified restrictions placed on his job.

Robert Vrooman, a former chief of the lab's counterintelligence office, who has
been a part-time consultant to the lab since his retirement, was barred from
doing consulting services for at least five years.

The disciplinary actions are the first taken in connection with the widely
criticized handling of a three-year China espionage investigation, which has
focused on the Los Alamos lab in New Mexico.

Pact signed to clean up nuclear sites

DENVER - Pledging a new era of cooperation, Energy Secretary Bill Richardson and
governors from four states with nuclear weapons plants signed an agreement
Friday that would expedite cleanup of much of the nation's nuclear waste.

In signing "a statement of principles," Richardson and the governors - Bill
Owens of Colorado, Jim Hodges of South Carolina, Don Sundquist of Tennessee and
Gary Locke of Washington - vowed to work together to clean up "sites that helped
us win the Cold War," as Richardson said at a news conference here.

The agreement would move on several fronts to complete a job that involves
transporting radioactive waste across state lines.

The Energy Department is asking Congress for almost $ 6-billion for the fiscal
year that begins next month. This year's appropriation was $ 5.6-billion.
Cleanup efforts now take about a third of the Energy Department budget.

Richardson said he had invited other states with major nuclear weapons plants to
join the agreement, including Idaho, Nevada, New Mexico and Ohio.

Lott eases opposition to test-ban hearings

WASHINGTON - Reversing course, Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott said Friday
that he now supports holding hearings this fall on a stalled treaty to ban
nuclear testing and will try to have them scheduled soon.

But Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Jesse Helms, R-N.C., signaled through
his aides that he would rebuff the request.

Lott opposes the treaty and has supported Helms, who is locked in a fight with
the administration over two other treaties that Helms wants to kill before even
dealing with the nuclear pact.

But the nuclear treaty's chief backer in the Senate, Byron Dorgan, D-N.D.,
announced in the Senate on Wednesday that he would "plant myself on the floor
like a potted plant and object" if opponents bottled up the treaty.

Facing the threat of procedural chaos, Lott told Dorgan on the floor Friday that
he would discuss a hearing schedule next week with Helms.

Jury with no blacks will hear second dragging trial

BRYAN, Texas - A jury with no black members was seated Friday for the murder
trial of a second white man charged in the dragging death of a black man.

The jury and two alternates consist of 12 whites and two Hispanics.

They will hear opening arguments Monday in the case of Lawrence Russell Brewer,
one of three white men arrested in the slaying of 49-year-old James Byrd Jr.,
who was chained to a pickup truck and dragged to death in Jasper last year.

"I'm satisfied with the jury," said Jasper County District Attorney Guy James
Gray.

Brewer's trial is taking place 150 miles from Jasper, moved at the district
attorney's request to deny defense lawyers the chance to appeal based on a jury
biased by pretrial publicity.

A jury in Jasper convicted John William King in February and sentenced him to
death. Brewer, 32, could also get the death penalty, as could the third
defendant, Shawn Allen Berry, who is awaiting trial.

Mississippi lawmaker kidnapped; 2 charged

COLUMBIA, Miss. - A rural Mississippi woman and her teenage son were charged
Friday with kidnapping a state legislator and demanding money from her.

Rep. Miriam Simmons, 71, was held against her will for a short time Wednesday in
the family's home, about 10 miles from her own, and released unharmed, police
said. Investigators would not comment on a motive.

Sheriff's deputies arrested Joetta Price, 33, and her 15-year-old son, Mitchell
Jr. Both were charged as adults with kidnapping. The charge carries a maximum
life in prison.

Simmons' son, Wronal Simmons, said his mother was back in her Columbia home
Friday and did not want to talk about what happened.

"She is fine, everything is fine," he said.

Other legislators said Friday they were told that Simmons had been lured to the
Price home by a request for her help as a lawmaker, then tied up and ordered to
pay up.

Recalls

GM, FORD, SATURN VEHICLES: General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have recalled
more than 353,000 vehicles with safety defects, the National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration said.

Owners of all the vehicles were asked to take them to dealerships for free
repairs, NHTSA said. The recalls were posted by NHTSA on its Internet site on
Thursday.

GM said it was recalling 168,035 Buick Century and Buick Regal 1999-model
passenger cars built between March 1998 and April 1999. In some of the vehicles,
a short circuit in the anti-lock brake system could cause a nearby plastic fuel
hose to overheat and leak, possibly resulting in fire beneath the hood, GM said.

Ford recalled 183,000 1998 and 1999 Ford Contour and Mercury Mystique compact
sedans built between July 1997 and April 1998. The accelerator cable could fray
and not return the engine to idle when the gas pedal is released, Ford said.

GM's Saturn division issued two recalls of its new 2000 LS mid-size cars - 1,310
made between May and July that have a potentially leaky fuel valve, which could
result in fuel spillage in a rollover, and 1,437 of the vehicles built during
the same period whose turn signals and hazard lights might malfunction.


LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Bill Richardson

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 28, 1980, Monday, Late City Final Edition

TALMUDGE REBOUNDS IN RACE FOR SENATE NOMINATION

BYLINE: By WENDELL RAWLS Jr.

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1086 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, July 26


A year ago, and for most of the days since then, it appeared almost certain that
one of several challengers to Senator Herman E. Talmadge would end his family's
half century of dominance of Georgia politics.

Senator Talmadge entered the campaign for re-election in 1980 with a grocery
list of liabilities in a state steadily changing in character. Sun Belt growth
had brought an influx of new residents without ties to his traditional power
base of dirt farmers and Atlanta business patricians.

In 1977, he filed for a divorce from his wife, Betty, in what became a vicious
battle. By 1979, his problem with alcohol had become so desperate and public
that he was forced to enter a California clinic.

Then, most damaging, last October his colleagues in the United States Senate
denounced him for mishandling his finanacial affairs, after the Ethics Committee
found that bogus expense accounts for some $40,000 in office funds had been
submitted and that campaign funds had been diverted to personal use.

Trailed by 17 Points

In February, at the nadir of his personal and career crises, political polls
showed him trailing Lieut. Gov. Zell Miller, who will be one of his rivals in
the Aug. 5 Democratic primary, by 17 percentage points. Time and changing
fortunes seem to have reversed that standing.

''They had written my obituary lots of times in lots of places,'' he said
through a benign grin on a recent plane ride from Savannah to Atlanta. ''But
we're in pretty good shape and we've got a chance to win without a runoff.'' In
Georgia, if no candidate wins a majority of votes, there is a runoff between the
top two candidates.

There appear to be no reliable recent polls on where Mr. Talmadge and his three
leading opponents stand as they face the final week of the campaign.
Conventional wisdom to the contrary, there is more and more talk that the
four-term incumbent will approach, if not surpass, 50 percent of the vote.

Who Would Be in a Runoff?

And all the political debate is about who among his leading opponents - Mr.
Miller, United States Representative Dawson Mathis and Norman Underwood, a
former State Court of Appeals judge -will run second and challenge the Senator
if a runoff is forced.

They and the avowed white racist J.B. Stoner are vying for the 35 percent of
voters who are said to have told poll takers that they would never vote for
Senator Talmadge and another 25 percent to 30 percent who are said to be
undecided about whom they will support.

Mr. Miller is described as the liberal in the race, enjoying the support of
urban blacks, much of organized labor, the National Organization of Women and
the Georgia Education Association.

Mr. Underwood has an affluent, middle-class, middle-of-the road constituency and
enjoys a popularity with reporters that grew out of his five years as
administrative assistant to Gov. George Busbee.

Mr. Mathis, a five-term Congressman from Albany, is drawing best among rural
residents who support his rightist foreign policy stands and his aversion to
Government influence in personal and states' rights.

Mr. Talmadge is strongest with many of those voters, but he is also drawing
support from the constituencies of his other opponents.  An organization of
black ministers has endorsed him, for example, as have black funeral-home
directors and the chairmen of some black tenants' organizations.

As chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee, Mr. Talmadge has always had a
strong following among farmers, but he also has bedrock support from large
agricultural businessmen, petroleum interests, bankers and the elderly.

He has a scattering of labor support, such as that from an International
Brotherhood of Teamsters local in Savannah that endorsed him this month at a
coffee meeting attended by some two dozen other local union leaders.

Mr. Talmadge seemed to begin recover from his February doldrums by late spring,
when the Justice Department decided that it did not have sufficient evidence to
prosecute him on charges for which the Senate had denounced him.

He began raising money twice as fast as his three opponents combined. By
mid-July, the Senator had raised more than $1 million, while the other three had
raised a total of about $600,000.

He has presented a strong television advertising campaign that has acknowledged
some of his personal problems but puts the blame for most of them on his
submersion under work for the people of his state.

Television Campaign

''The last five years of my life have been difficult,'' he confesses on his
television commercials. ''My youngest son died,'' he says, referring to the
son's drowning in 1975. ''I suffered an unfortunate divorce. My most trusted
aide turned out to be an embezzler.''

In personal appearances, Herman Talmadge rarely mentions those things,
emphasizing instead his quarter century of Senate seniority, his committee
chairmanship, his support of the military and the need for his experience in
''these troubled times.''

''This is no time for amateurs,'' he says often.  He is aware of who votes in
his state and is fond of saying that ''elections are decided by neither the
influential nor the affluential, but by the great masses.''

He observed in a recent interview that Georgia residents were ''becoming more
conservative all the time,'' and in his speeches he is quick to say that most
Georgians are ''God-fearing people who believe in a day's work for a day's pay
and employ the yardstick of reason.''

Ovation From Legionnaires

He received a roaring ovation from those attending the 62d annual state American
Legion convention in Atlanta this month when he said, as he often has in his
statewide campaign, ''If I had my way, I'd take that Khomeini and I'd hang him
from the highest pine tree in Georgia - after a fair trial.''

The 66-year-old Senator is campaigning as ardently as any of his younger
opponents. He arises at 4 A.M. and often runs two miles or so before a full day
of appearances in the 100-degree weather of southern Georgia.

If he is running for his political life, as some have suggested, he is making a
run in a fashion traditional for a longtime incumbent.  ''He is calling in every
chit all across the state,'' said a longtime political observer close to
Governor Busbee (the Governor is remaining aloof from the campaign). ''Talmadge
is recalling every favor, he is raising money and he is spending it for
advertising, for consultants or for whatever else is needed. He is pulling out
all the stops.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Senator Talmudge

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 20, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DISTRESSED PAGNOZZI: ERUPTION WAS NEAR

BYLINE: Rick Hummel Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


When last seen Monday night, Cardinals catcher Tom Pagnozzi was slumped on the
dugout bench after the game, staring toward an Astrodome field that had been
Waterloo for the Cardinals.

On Tuesday night, Pagnozzi explained why he hadn't immediately gone to the
clubhouse with most of the rest of his teammates.

"I didn't want to come up here in that state of mind," Pagnozzi said. "I might
have taken a bat to something. . . or somebody. . . or to myself."

Pagnozzi was as distressed as nearly everyone else by the Cardinals' mishandling
of an 11-0 lead and losing to Houston 15-12. "You're up 11-0 in the third inning
- at this level - you can't lose that ballgame and be a successful team. I'm not
sure I ever lost a game like that in Little League," Pagnozzi said.

That defeat dropped the Cardinals 11 1/2 games out of first place in the
National League Central Division. Pagnozzi said, "At this stage, it doesn't look
good."

In their first five games since the All-Star break, the Cardinals' staff gave up
58 runs and 70 hits, an average of 11.6 runs and 14 hits a game. "You feel
partly responsible," Pagnozzi said, "but I can't throw it for them.

"It's hard for these young guys to learn to pitch up here."

The Cardinals' staff consists of two pitchers - Frank Cimorelli and Steve Dixon
- who probably aren't ready to be here. When the season started, the staff
consisted of four pitchers - Rick Sutcliffe, John Habyan, Vicente Palacios and
Rich Rodriguez - who basically had been turned loose by their former teams -
after last year.

The staff ERA after Monday's game was 5.27, easily the highest in the National
League and rivaling some of the lesser American League teams.

When John Frascatore, who will pitch here once before going back to Louisville,
and Tom Urbani come up to work Thursday and Friday in doubleheaders against
Atlanta, the staff will have a new look. Pagnozzi is excited.

He said he didn't know much about Frascatore but, "I'm excited about Urbani.
Look at Urbani's numbers as a starter. He's done a pretty good job. He went back
down there and got straightened out. Hopefully, we can keep him straight here.

"I know Frascatore is a guy they like and he'll be counted on down the road,
along with (Rheal) Cormier, Urbani and (Donovan) Osborne. Sounds like we're
talking about next year, doesn't it?"

Habyan will be activated in time for Thursday's doubleheader with the Braves, if
nothing untoward happens in the next day. Habyan, who had a pulled rib-cage
muscle, threw 30 pitches in a simulated game Tuesday.

Lefthander Dixon, just called up last weekend, probably will be sent down to the
minors because the Cardinals already have three other lefthanded relievers. That
presumes that Rob Murphy, who has been out because of a sore back for four days,
is ready to pitch.

The hitters are restless, even incensed, at recent pitching developments. This
attitude isn't necessarily bad, Pagnozzi said.

"It would be real easy to come in and quit," he said. "But we come in teed off."

There have been no fisticuffs yet but Pagnozzi, smiling, said, "We might have
hitters against hitters, pitchers against pitchers, I don't know. It might be
like Major League II, where they had a fight in the dugout and (announcer) Bob
Uecker said, They're beating the crap out of each other.' "

Manager Joe Torre held a very brief pump-up-the-troops meeting before Tuesday
night's game. Torre said he hoped he never again saw what he witnessed Monday
night.

He said he would, however, accept a victory if his team rallied from 11 runs
down.

Lefthander Cormier, who had been a candidate to be reactivated this weekend,
suffered a setback when he walked five in six innings for Louisville Monday
night at Buffalo. Cormier, on the injury rehabiliation program after having had
back problems, can stay another 19 days in the minors before the Cardinals
decide on his future.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Color Graphic Sketch of Fredbird. Stuart Meyer, president of the
stumbling Cardinals, blames the players and pledges to keep general manager Dal
Maxvill and field manager Joe Torre.SPORTS 1D

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              March 9, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PRIEST DODGED AUDITS, FILES SAY

BYLINE: By MICHAEL LaFORGIA Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1058 words

DATELINE: DELRAY BEACH


Church officials tapped one of two priests now accused of mishandling $8.7
million in offertory money to lead St. Vincent Ferrer Catholic Church even as
they were uncovering evidence of misappropriated money at his former parish,
documents show.

An internal diocesan audit dated Aug. 31, 2003, among court evidence released
Thursday revealed problems with the way collection plate money was tracked at a
Palm Beach Gardens parish headed by the Rev. Francis B. Guinan, who was arrested
last year along with the Rev. John A Skehan on grand theft charges.

Guinan and Skehan now are accused of stealing hundreds of thousands in offertory
money in one of the biggest financial scandals in the modern history of the
Catholic Church.

Although some of the money appears to have gone to church needs, even though it
circumvented diocesan financial accountability, bank records show the priests
spent thousands on gambling trips, lavish condos and gifts for their
girlfriends.

Guinan spent years dodging church audits, records show.

"On a personal note, I cannot help but feel offended that after 37 years of
service to the church in South Florida, the past 16 years as Pastor of St.
Patrick, I have to be subjected to an audit that is now being conducted," Guinan
wrote to Bishop Gerald Barbarito in a letter dated Oct. 10, 2003, a month after
taking over at St. Vincent. "May I be so crude as to ask you to 'call off the
dogs.' "

It wasn't the first time he had appealed to the diocese to stop the inquiries.

When a group of St. Patrick parishioners asked for an accounting of the
offertory money in 1994, top diocesan officials told the group there was nothing
wrong with Guinan's bookkeeping.

Church officials had decided to look into his accounting practices in 2003, when
an audit revealed questionable payments. The internal audit, church officials'
statements to police and confidential diocesan letters were among more than
1,000 pages of documents released Thursday.

"We are not going to comment based on the ongoing investigation," diocesan
spokeswoman Alexis Walkenstein said.

Memos and letters circulated within the diocese show church officials were
uncovering questionable accounting practices at St. Patrick two years before an
April 2005 anonymous letter triggered a police investigation of Guinan and
Skehan.

Rather than alert the police to the accounting problems at St. Patrick in 2003,
the diocese permitted Guinan to take over at St. Vincent, where investigators
now estimate he made off with more than $300,000 in less than two years,
according to statements by Denis Hamel, the diocese's financial administrator.

Hamel told police the accounting problems at St. Patrick "probably did not get
the full consideration it would have under normal circumstances," according to a
police report.

At the time, the new bishop, Barbarito, was trying to soothe parishioners'
unrest after the ouster of two successive bishops who were among those
implicated in the sex scandal that rocked the Catholic Church nationwide.

But the questions about money mishandling wouldn't go away.

A July 21, 2005, memo Hamel sent to the diocesan vicar general, the Rev. Charles
Notabartolo, outlines evidence of misappropriation at St. Vincent and adds: "The
information in this report is limited to St. Vincent Parish only,
notwithstanding our knowledge that similar patterns of activity existed at St.
Patrick Parish."

"For example," he continues, "we are aware that brokerage account balances at
the same Smith Barney office as cited herein were not received by St. Patrick
Parish upon liquidation of the account in 2003."

Hamel also urged Notabartolo to contract a forensic auditor to assess "the
extent of this matter" so that the diocese could "prepare our case for possible
civil litigation" and insurance claims.

Guinan blocked the St. Vincent audit for eight months after he took over from
longtime friend Skehan.

"I respectfully request consideration and elimination of the policy of
conducting financial audits of parishes," Guinan wrote in the Oct. 10, 2003,
letter to Barbarito. He went on to outline the need for informing lay people
about the importance of priests to the church.

"They devote their lives to the church with little thought for personal gain,"
he wrote. "They have earned and deserve trust, at least until it is proven
otherwise."

In his reply, Barbarito defended diocesan audits and assured Guinan they weren't
meant as insults.

"I take your observations quite seriously. I wish to assure you that whatever
audits that are conducted within this diocese are carried out in a spirit that
is thorough but practical and respecting the integrity of every individual
involved," Barbarito wrote. "Certainly, I have the highest regard for all of our
priests and religious. I agree completely with your statement that they are
central to the mission of the Church and their integrity cannot in any way be
questioned."

Timeline of events

May 30, 1963: Rev. John A. Skehan appointed pastor of St. Vincent Ferrer
Catholic Church in Delray Beach.

Sept. 28, 1987: Rev. Frances B. Guinan appointed pastor of St. Patrick Catholic
Church near Palm Beach Gardens.

June 1994: St. Patrick parishioners, suspecting misappropriated money, send
petition to Bishop Keith Symons asking for an audit. They are told 'there is no
evidence of any errors or wrongdoings.'

July 2003: Skehan retires as pastor at St. Vincent.

Aug. 28: Gerald Barbarito appointed Bishop of the Palm Beach Diocese.

Aug. 31:Internal diocesan audit reveals accounting problems at St. Patrick.

September: Guinan becomes pastor of St. Vincent.

April 2004: Diocese conducts internal audit of St. Vincent's finances after
being stonewalled by Guinan for eight months.

April 2005: Diocese removes Guinan as pastor of St. Vincent.

April 29: Anonymous letter about misappropriations at St. Vincent is sent to
State Attorney Barry Krischer.

June: Delray Beach police and Florida Department of Law Enforcement begin
investigation.

Sept. 27, 2006:Skehan arrested at Palm Beach International Airport after
returning from Ireland.

Sept. 28: Skehan and Guinan charged with felony grand theft.

Oct. 22: Guinan returns from vacation and is arrested at Miami International
Airport.

Compiled by staff writers Stephanie Slater, Lona O'Connor and Michael LaForgia

Staff writer Lona O'Connor contributed to this story.

michael_laforgia@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions. Info box at end of text.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2 B&W)
 1. Francis B. Guinan (mug) 2. John A Skehan (mug)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CHRONOLOGY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      December 5, 2014 Friday 3:56 PM GMT

Investigator of racist killing spree in Pacific north-west to plead guilty to
misconduct;
Oregon officer withheld and destroyed evidence, nearly allowing confessed white
supremacist mass murderers to go free and tainting image of local police

BYLINE: Amanda Holpuch

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


An Oregon state police officer is expected on Friday to plead guilty to
mishandling an investigation into a killing spree in the Pacific north-west by
two white supremacists.

Detective David Steele was scheduled to appear in court on Friday, accused of
withholding and destroying evidence, backdating evidence reports and
intercepting communications between a suspect and attorneys.

Steele was lead investigator in the case of David "Joey" Pedersen and Holly
Grigsby, who in August were sentenced to life in prison for killing four people
in nine days. Officers arrested the couple outside of Yuba City, California, in
October 2011. Grigsby told officers that they were driving to Sacramento to
"kill more Jews".

Steele was removed from the case in the fall of 2013. He has been on paid
administrative leave since December of that year.

Marion County deputy district attorney Paige Clarkson said Steele was expected
to enter a guilty plea for charges of forgery and official misconduct. He is to
be sentenced at the arraignment in Salem.

Oregon state police said in a statement they were reviewing Steele's past cases
and were "committed to learning from this situation and preventing it in the
future".

Renée Manes, a lawyer for Pedersen, said it was common for defense attorneys to
worry about how police handle investigations. "Unfortunately, our concerns are
rarely provable and are rarely taken seriously," Manes told the Associated
Press.

Though Grigsby and Pedersen admitted more than once to their crimes, the
newspaper the Oregonian said Steele's bungling of the case nearly undermined it.

"A side note to law enforcement agencies, prosecutors and the public officials
who oversee them: cases like this reinforce the perception that there are two
tracks of justice in this world - one for regular people facing criminal
allegations and a special track for law enforcement accused of misconduct,"
wrote the editorial board on Wednesday.

"This only eats away at the public's confidence in the justice system that you
are sworn to uphold."

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           November 27, 2011  Sunday

Leaders' Choices Put Colleges in Uneasy Spot

BYLINE: Goldie Blumenstyk and Jack Stripling

SECTION: ADMINISTRATION; News

LENGTH: 1065  words

ABSTRACT

Scrutiny over leaders' moral credibility could intensify public discontent with
higher education.

FULL TEXT

Controversial leadership decisions at Penn State and the University of
California at Davis dominated headlines over the past month, yet the damage may
extend well beyond those two institutions. Both crises have raised broader
questions about the moral credibility of college leaders, adding weight to the
nation's brewing discontent with higher education at the very time when public
disaffection for banks, government, and other institutions is also on the rise.

"It's not a good time to lose credibility in America," says Daniel Yankelovich,
a pollster and scholar of public opinion. And "this just adds to the credibility
problem" for colleges.

At another time, the public attention to Penn State's mishandling of an alleged
child-sex-abuse scandal, and a decision that led to the much-videoed November 18
pepper-spraying of peacefully protesting students in California, would be bad
enough, says Mr. Yankelovich. But today, with so much skepticism about the cost
and value of college, such higher-education scandals only reinforce pre-existing
concerns that administrators are not acting in good faith, he says.

What's more, the Penn State and Davis controversies are "examples of
institutions that seem to be concerned with themselves rather than their
students. That's the rap against the banks," Mr. Yankelovich said.

The rancor of today's political discourse, coupled with the power of social and
traditional media to quickly amplify controversies, further complicates the
challenges, says Robert M. O'Neil, an emeritus professor of law and former
president of the University of Virginia.

Mr. O'Neil taught law at the University of California at Berkeley during the
Free Speech Movement of the mid-1960s and later helped investigate the role of
the police in the shootings of students on the campuses of Kent State and
Jackson State Universities in the early 1970s. Still, as he watches the scrutiny
enveloping Penn State and the University of California, he says the problems
college leaders face now are "vastly more difficult." Today the "pressures are
drastically more stressful, more contentious, and much more immediate."

In the 1960s, he recalls, UC's then-president, Clark Kerr, was able to take a
few months to ease out a controversial Berkeley chancellor and replace him with
another. At Penn State, the trustees fired Graham B. Spanier within a few days
of learning that the president and other administrators had failed to report
allegations of sexual abuse made against a former assistant football coach,
Jerry Sandusky. In the eyes of some alumni and national observers, however, the
board's comparatively swift action was still too slow.

'In the Cross Hairs'

California at Davis joined Penn State in the national spotlight after its
chancellor, Linda P.B. Katehi, called in campus police in riot gear to clear out
the tents and protesters of an Occupy-UC-Davis encampment. As seen in several
amateur videos that have since become an Internet sensation, one of the officers
methodically pepper-sprayed about 20 of the sitting students.

Ms. Katehi has put two of the police officers and the police chief on
administrative leave and called for outside investigations by the county
district attorney and the state. Amid demands for her resignation from many
students and faculty members-a call she has rebuffed-she's met several times
with students over the past week to discuss her actions. She also appeared
before thousands of students at a campus rally three days after the incident,
declaring "I'm here to apologize."

Ms. Katehi has been criticized for acting too forcefully to break up protesters
(she says she explicitly directed the police to avoid violence), while Mr.
Spanier has been accused of failing to act aggressively enough to protect
children. The extreme nature of the allegations at Penn State has provoked an
understandably more visceral public reaction, but both cases point toward the
enormous backlash that leadership missteps can engender in the age of 24-hour
news cycles and social media.

"Presidents are in the cross hairs" in a way they have not been before, says
Suzanne E. Estler, associate professor emerita of higher education at the
University of Maine at Orono. While that makes the job more difficult, the
public is justified in holding college leaders to a higher standard, she said.

James J. Duderstadt, a former president of the University of Michigan, says even
beyond the Penn State situation, which he calls a once-in-a-generation meltdown,
presidents and other college leaders need to recognize the stakes.

"Penn State creates a public awareness of things happening on campuses that is
much more intense than it has been for many years," he says. "It creates an
environment in which everything involving higher education is being questioned."

Back when campus protests were more prevalent, he says, governing boards were
used to them. Now, he says, "We've got to relearn how to handle them."

College presidents have spent the last several years defending the value of
higher education, and they are "weary" from the fight, says Andrew K. Benton,
president of Pepperdine University. Presidents who feel constantly under attack
may become hardened and dismissive of critics, he said, but college leaders
cannot afford to ignore that their decisions will be held up to immense public
scrutiny.

"We are politicians, like it or not," Mr. Benton says. "We've got to be very
acutely aware of legal obligations and moral obligations, and have a 360 view of
how our decisions are going to affect the lives of our students."

And while presidents are held to higher standards, there should be a recognition
that they are fallible, said John V. Lombardi, president of the Louisiana State
University system.

"We do many things right, but we can do things badly," Mr. Lombardi wrote in an
e-mail to The Chronicle last week. "We have an endless context of conflicting
constituencies, and sometimes we navigate them well, and sometimes we run
aground. When we fail, we can't and shouldn't escape the consequences any more
than other leaders of significant enterprises who also fail.

"Most of my colleagues are doing admirable things under difficult conditions,
and we all draw lessons from the problems that a few of us encounter that make
the news."

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On the Monday before Thanksgiving, thousands of students at the U. of
California at Davis called for the resignation of Chancellor Linda Katehi to
protest the use of pepper spray on peaceful protesters the previous Friday.
Noah Berger for The Chronicle
Questionable Decisions Thrust College Leaders Into National Spotlight 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday

Police admit mishandling two potentially dangerous 911 calls

BYLINE: Steve E. Swenson, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 829 words


Aug. 19--People who called Bakersfield police on two dangerous and potentially
life threatening emergencies were left hanging for hours because dispatchers
mistakenly downplayed their importance.

One was a man in east Bakersfield who repeatedly tried to break into a house,
frightening a woman and her two daughters. The other was a drunken driver in
southwest Bakersfield.

"My daughters were all scared and my wife was upset," said 38-year-old Freddy
Soza who decided to confront the intruder himself because he was tired of
waiting.

That happened early in the morning on Saturday Aug. 8.

Two days earlier, Troy Staib repeatedly called police about a swerving and
red-light running drunken driver on Gosford Road. Staib had to catch up with the
man twice -- the second time the driver was passed out behind the wheel -- and
stay with him for nearly two hours before an officer showed up.

Staid told KBAK-TV that he watched the driver run up on sidewalks and nearly hit
other cars.

Neither situation should have happened that way, Detective Mary DeGeare said.

What should have been "priority one" calls, demanding an immediate response,
were mistakenly given "priority two" status. The lower priority means police
will get there when the higher priority calls are handled first, she said. That
could, and did, take hours in these cases, she said.

Soza's message to the police, "We called and you heard screams and a man
physically trying to break into the house and you didn't do anything."

DeGeare said the department regrets the mistakes, but although these two
happened within two days of each other, neither she nor the communications
center supervisor can recall any similar problems.

The supervisor on Tuesday, Jamie Sullivan, said mistakes probably have happened
before but she can't remember a specific one.

DeGeare said the mistakes happened in a very busy, pressure-filled
communications center which frequently finds itself with not enough officers to
respond to pressing calls.

"Considering the circumstances, we think we're doing a good job," she said.

No one was hurt in either situation. The man in Soza's neighborhood tried to get
into another nearby home before going to Soza's.

He knocked on and kicked a door on a nearby street around 1:30 a.m. The
residents at that home were the first to call 911.

Thirteen minutes later, Terri Soza -- Freddy's wife -- heard a man outside their
Sherrell Court house and she actually walked outside to see what was happening.

Freddy picks up the story saying that his wife saw the man near her garage and
she ran back into the house, with the man chasing her.

"Luckily she was able to make it," he said.

She locked the door but the man was pushing so hard she couldn't set the dead
bolt.

That's when she called 911. DeGeare said as she listened to a tape of the call,
she could faintly hear banging in the background.

The mistake the dispatcher made was not assigning the highest priority because
the man was posing a threat to the home, DeGeare said.

At this point, Mrs. Soza woke up her husband. He waited for police, but decided
to confront the man himself. He said he actually chased the man for more than
two blocks.

He went back to his house and lurked in the dark, just in case. About 10 minutes
later the man came back. They called police again, but because the man had
apparently left, it still didn't rate a high priority.

Police eventually showed up to the first 911 call around 4 a.m. and drove by the
Soza home. No officer spoke to the Sozas until the family called the police at
about 10:30 that morning.

Police and Soza said they figure the suspect was probably high or drunk.

In the drunken driving incident, police received six calls from several people
about the man in a three-hour span that began at 9:30 p.m. The first call from
Staib said the man was on Gosford, but turned on Camino Media and went into an
apartment complex. Police broadcast that report, but no one responded, DeGeare
said.

The driver hit an awning at the complex and then drove away. Staib caught up to
him at 10:22 p.m. and said the man was passed out on a quiet street. Staib said
he would remain with the man until police arrived.

The mistake was made then when the dispatcher didn't make it a high priority to
get an officer there before the man woke up and endangered more lives, DeGeare
said. An officer did show up at 12:07 a.m.

DeGeare noted there were 23 calls for drunken drivers on that night, plus a
homicide with shots fired at 11:11 p.m. Seventeen officers went to the homicide
which was a few miles away, police said.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090819-BK-Police-admit-mishandling
-two-potentially-dangerous-911-calls-0819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

Fema Recovers

BYLINE: In Our View

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


It's not often you get a second chance to correct a wrong, but Hurricane Gustav
gave the Federal Emergency Management Agency a mulligan and the agency's
response was impressive.

By most accounts, FEMA and local officials got it right this time. Following the
ineptitide that characterized the government's mishandling of the emergency
response after Hurricane Katrina, any response had to top that of three years
ago.

Although Gustav was not as powerful as Katrina and the hurricane made landfall
some 35 miles to the southwest of New Orleans, precautions taken in advance of
the storm and the follow-up work by emergency crews has thus far been superb.

An estimated 2 million people either fled or were evacuated from Louisiana in
the days ahead of the storm. Hospitals and other institutions that had to remain
open prepared by assembling three to four weeks of provisions.

The much-maligned Army Corps of Engineers monitored the storm surge's impact on
levee systems and, at one point, opened gates to allow storm water into the
Mississippi River which was actually flowing at a lower level than the water in
some of the canals. FEMA also established a National Emergency Family Registry
to allow friends and families to track friends or loved ones.

The state and local government's response was equally impressive. Unlike 2005,
Mayor Ray Nagin and city officials this time got the word out early and assisted
residents who wanted to leave. Gov. Bobby Jindal said the state provided
hundreds of buses with which to move people.

Official announcements that looters would be dealt with severely if caught
appears to have limited or severely curtailed looting in New Orleans and
surrounding communities.

In the wake of the storm's passing, New Orleans officials delayed the return of
residents until state and local officials could verify the safety of areas in
the region.

States along the Eastern Seaboard should follow the examples set by FEMA and
Louisiana officials. Hurricane Hanna is expected to strike or skirt the
Florida/Georgia/South Carolina coast within the next 48 hours.

Colorado State University forecasters William Gray and Phil Klotzbach have said
Gustav, Hannah and Ike appear to be part of wave of hurricanes that are being
stirred up by above-normal ocean temperatures in the eastern Atlantic.

Klotzbach told National Geographic News earlier this week that some of the
lowest barometric pressure readings have been recorded in the tropical Atlantic
during the past month.

FEMA's mettle will be tested in the days and weeks ahead. It's to the agency's
credit that it has learned from the mistakes of the past and is now more
pro-active than reactive.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                         MAY 19, 1996 Sunday D EDITION

JUDGE OKS UTAH CONGRESSWOMAN'S DIVORCE

BYLINE: From Inquirer wire services

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 647 words


Rep. Enid Greene was granted a divorce Friday from Joe Waldholtz, whose alleged
mishandling of her campaign funds brought a promising political career to an
abrupt end. She is not running for reelection. A Salt Lake City judge said
questions about custody of their baby, Elizabeth, division of assets, and other
issues would be determined later. It was necessary to settle the divorce issue
now, he said, "given the tangled history of money transactions and what I
believe to be a vain hope of reconciliation."

INTERRUPTED MUSIC * Luciano Pavarotti has called off Wednesday's concert at
Manhattan's Lincoln Center pleading laryngitis. The date was supposed to make up
for a canceled May 1 concert. Last week, the tenor called off a Met Opera
performance of Andrea Chenier, which is touring Germany.

A Jethro Tull tour of Australia and New Zealand was cut short Friday after
singer Ian Anderson was admitted to a Sydney hospital with a serious thrombosis
condition. Anderson, 48, had been performing in a wheelchair after March surgery
to repair a ligament he tore while touring South Africa.

CROWNING * Miss Venezuela, Alicia Machado, 19, won the 1996 Miss Universe crown
Friday night in Las Vegas, becoming the third woman from Venezuela to win the
prize. The pageant was telecast to an estimated 600 million viewers worldwide,
pageant officials said. Machado, who is studying law and business, was chosen
over women from 80 countries. Aruba's Taryn Mansell, 19, was first runner-up.
Machado's plan for the first day of her reign? "I'm going to do something I
haven't been able to do in three weeks: Eat, eat, eat and sleep."

ON THE BOARDS * Margot Kidder, who suffered an apparent breakdown last month
when she was found hiding in a suburban Southern California woodpile, is due to
begin rehearsals Sept. 21 for the Broadway-bound play Alfred Stieglitz Loves
O'Keeffe, also starring Stacy Keach. The play is written by Lanie Robertson
(Lady Day at Emerson Bar and Grill) and coproduced by David Merrick. A friend of
the actress said Kidder is "resting comfortably in Canada."

Wendy Wasserstein's latest play, An American Daughter, will open later this
month in Seattle and star Meryl Streep. The Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright
says the piece "has to do with my generation of women who were brought up with
the justified expectation of having it all. Then they face rejection, because of
envy, and stereotyped expectations about femininity, which conflict with success
and being spoiled."

FILING SUIT * A lawyer who worked with F. Lee Bailey on a case that landed
Bailey in jail is suing the famed defense attorney for defamation. Lawyer Ed
Shohat of Miami, in a suit filed Friday in Palm Beach County Circuit Court, says
the two had a falling-out when they worked as cocounsel for Claude Duboc, a
leader of a drug-smuggling conspiracy. According to the suit, Bailey said Shohat
"was a liar, could not conduct himself with honesty and fidelity, was guilty of
misconduct, was guilty of a felony, would conspire to kidnap a criminal
defendant's child, and could not be trusted to conduct himself honorably in or
out of court." Bailey, based in West Palm Beach, was held for 44 days in a
federal prison for contempt of court after refusing to give up more than $16
million worth of stock he got from Duboc. Shohat, who testified against Bailey
at a contempt hearing in February, seeks unspecified damages. There was no
comment yesterday from Bailey.

NEW JOB * Richard Wexler, a Chicago real estate lawyer, will be installed today
as the national chairman of the United Jewish Appeal. Wexler, 54, is former
chairman of the National Conference on Soviet Jewry and headed the UJA's
Operation Exodus campaign, which provided money to take more than 600,000 Jews
from the former Soviet Union to Israel between 1989 and 1994 and prepare them
for new lives there.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NEWSMAKERS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO (2)
1. Luciano Pavarotti
2. Alicia Machado

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 18, 2014, Friday

Will campus sexual-assault probes affect female enrollment?

BYLINE: Stephanie Haven, McClatchy Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 1258 words


WASHINGTON - Sixty-seven U.S. colleges are under federal investigation for their
handling of sexual assault cases. And prospective students have started to take
notice.

The past academic year marked a seismic shift. No longer were discussions of
campus sexual assault confined to a handful of Northeastern colleges. From the
University of California, Berkeley, to the Pennsylvania State University and
from the University of Chicago to the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill,
students unleashed an army of activists on college administrators.

The White House took notice, creating a task force on campus rape. Congress took
notice, promising legislation and hosting hearings where students testified. The
Departments of Justice and Education took notice, restarting stagnant
investigations.

"Schools are realizing that this is something that they have to stop [messing]
up, because it's looking so bad for them, said John Kelly, special projects
coordinator at Know Your IX, a student rights organization focused on the
federal law that bans gender discrimination on campus. "It's not going to bode
well.

For colleges that had already been in the spotlight for mishandling sexual
assault cases before this year, the national attention packed an extra punch.

"I have seen schools have demonstrable drops in enrollments when these kinds of
situations end up in the newspaper when students say, Our school isn't being
truthful about what crimes happen on our campus,' said James Moore, the
Education Department manager of the Jeanne Clery Act Compliance Team, which grew
out of a federal law that requires colleges to report campus crime to the
department. "The cover-up ends up hurting you more than the offense itself.

College applicants select schools for myriad reasons. But does the handling of
sexual assault by institutions of higher learning play a part in those
decisions?

While admissions officers are careful not to point to it as the sole reason for
the decline, applications to two elite colleges - Dartmouth and Amherst - fell
by 14 percent and 8 percent, respectively, after recent high-publicity sexual
assault cases on their campuses.

But one year's numbers, though significant in these examples, don't make a
trend.

How the new national attention affects applicants' decisions in the next
admission cycle and beyond remains to be seen.

"If you have increased publicity about mismanagement, sexual assault or whatever
- if it's in the paper year after year - it may have a snowball effect on
application numbers, said Tony Bankston, the dean of admissions at Illinois
Wesleyan University and a member of the Admission Practices Committee of the
National Association for College Admission Counseling.

Looked at as a consumer protection issue, "buyers - prospective students and
parents - have become more informed about sexual assault as an issue on college
campuses. With that savvy has come increased demand for accountability, such as
accurate data about the number of sexual assaults in a year and compliance with
related federal law.

"The White House can issue different statements, Congress can legislate new
laws, but at the end of the day, it's really going to be prospective students,
current students and alumni who keep up the pressure over time, said Tracey
Vitchers, the chair of the board of Students Active for Ending Rape, a student
rights group. "That external pressure - when it comes to image, endowment size
and recruitment - is very important to the school.

Amid this push for transparency, more information is not only out there but also
becoming easier to find. The number of reported sexual assaults on U.S. campuses
has increased by 50 percent in the last decade, according to a Department of
Education report released last month, which most likely reflects a cultural
shift in comfort with reporting rather than a higher frequency of the incidents.

And increasingly, prospective students and their parents are seeking out that
kind of information, said Alison Kiss, the executive director of the Clery
Center for Security On Campus, a nonprofit advocacy group for the Title IV act.

But sexual assault remains one of the most underreported crimes. Though the
Clery Act requires colleges to report incidents of sexual assault, stark
inconsistencies remain from school to school. More often than not, colleges with
higher reported numbers of sexual assault reflect an environment where students
feel comfortable coming forward, not necessarily a campus rife with sexual
violence, according to the Department of Education.

"What you often find is schools with higher numbers have simply done more to
find out what the truth is, Moore said. "They've been more transparent about it,
or they've created a safer environment for people to come forward. And if you do
that, people will let you know what's going on.

U.S. News & World Report doesn't calculate statistics about sexual assault for
its annual college rankings. But the magazine's Best Colleges online issue will
list campus crime data this fall for the first time for each school included in
the annual ranking, said Robert Morse, the publication's chief data strategist.

Earlier this year, 12 members of the House of Representatives had urged U.S.
News & World Report to incorporate sexual assault data in its rankings. Among
them was Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Calif., who stressed college applicants should
have all information about a school at their disposal before deciding to attend.

"I think that for young women, if there appears to be a university that has a
bad record & I think it's going to have an effect on those women, who are going
to decide, Maybe I'll go somewhere else,' " Speier said.

At the congresswoman's request, U.S. News & World Report is reviewing other ways
to include descriptive information - such as a school's sexual-assault
prevention programs and resources for sexual assault victims - in the college
rankings issue. If it were to incorporate these details, it wouldn't be until
next year. Morse said the compilation of data for this year's issue was
complete.

At schools where highly publicized cases of sexual assault have occurred,
admissions officers acknowledge uncertainty about how the increased attention to
campus sexual assault might affect applications.

"To be honest, none of us in undergraduate admissions have a clear sense of how
high school students are interpreting this important topic or how their interest
in a particular college & might be affected by media coverage of the issue of
sexual assault on America's college campuses, said Lee Coffin, the dean of
undergraduate admissions at Tufts University.

After The New York Times reported Sunday how Hobart and William Smith Colleges
had handled a sexual assault case, some of the upstate New York school's
incoming freshmen expressed concern about attending in the fall. One wrote on
the school's Class of 2018 Facebook page: "Not so sure I want to go to college
anymore.

Since their application numbers dropped, Dartmouth and Amherst have modified
their sexual assault policies. The number of applications at Amherst, which fell
in 2013, rebounded this year by 6 percent. Dartmouth's dropped only this year.

"Schools that are very proactive about being open and honest, those schools, I
think, over time will become more favorable than schools that are more about
risk reduction for themselves, said Vitchers, with Students Active for Ending
Rape. "The best institution isn't just about the education provided, but the
support students receive over the four years they're there.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      June 21, 2002 Friday, Final Edition

Emotions run high in talks with bishop;
Some of the victims and their family members say afterward the private meeting
was both healing and painful.

BYLINE: JOHN RICHARDSON Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Ten men and women who say they were sexually abused by Catholic priests, and in
many cases mistreated by church officials, got a long-awaited chance Thursday to
tell their stories to Portland Bishop Joseph Gerry. The emotional private
meeting lasted more than two hours and was the first time the leader of the
Maine's Catholics sat down with a group of abuse victims from around the state.
Some of the victims and family members, their eyes still red from crying, told
news reporters afterward that the meeting was both healing and painful.

"It kind of brought everything back," said Christina James of Bangor, who blamed
Gerry and other church leaders for attacking her in court after she reported
that a priest molested her when she was 15.

James and some other victims said church leaders did not directly apologize or
admit mishandling their individual cases. Others said the meeting was a positive
step and that Gerry and Auxiliary Bishop Michael Cote seemed genuinely touched
and approached victims privately after the meeting.

"I saw bishops and survivors hugging," said Cynthia Desrosiers of Augusta, a
victim who arranged the meeting. "I never thought I'd see that day from this
diocese."

Similar listening sessions have been held by bishops around the country since
the national sex-abuse scandal erupted publicly in January. The painful stories
of abuse and the church's inaction have helped to shape a more aggressive
response by the U.S. church.

More than 200 priests around the country have been removed from ministry this
year amid accounts of abuse. The names of 33 living but inactive Maine priests
have been given to prosecutors investigating the potential for criminal charges.
Several American Catholic leaders, including Boston's Cardinal Bernard Law, are
reportedly being investigated for their roles in concealing allegations of abuse
and transferring accused priests to new parishes.

Gerry and Cote were among 284 American bishops to travel to Dallas last week to
adopt a "Charter for the Protection of Children and Young People." The
nationwide policy calls for any priest who abuses a minor to be removed from
public ministry and creates a new board of lay members to monitor compliance
around the country.

In Dallas, Gerry and the other bishops listened to the stories of four victims
who said the experience of being molested as children by their trusted priests
left deep scars and irreversibly changed their lives.

On Thursday, Gerry listened to many more stories and, this time, the stories
involved priests, parishes and church officials under his watch or directly
familiar to him.

The victims said they were moved by the courage of those who confronted the
bishop. Many cried and shook as they spoke. "I just can't describe how
incredibly moving it was," Desrosiers said.

"I thought it was a very good positive step in the right direction," said Frank
Begert, a victim from of Sabattus.

Claudette Dube Noonan of Greene said she told Gerry that she renounced the
Catholic church because of how she was treated after reporting that she was
abused. David Gagnon traveled from his home in Ottawa to demand that Gerry take
responsibility for the mistreatment of his family after he reported being abused
while a teen-ager in Biddeford. "I expressed my fear that I just don't think
they get it," he said.

Two professional facilitators moderated the meeting, which took place in
downtown Augusta. Many victims, including Gagnon and Christina James, were
accompanied by their parents. "It's very difficult to see her suffer that way,"
said Anne James, Christina's mother.

The first Maine "listening session" had been planned since mid May and
arrangements were changed and delayed more than once.

At first, church officials and a victims' advocate agreed to a schedule of three
sessions, with two to be open to media.  Gerry said he would not attend a
meeting with media present and victims agreed to hold them privately. Then
Gerry's spokeswoman said the bishop would only commit to one meeting, and would
consider additional meetings afterward. It's unclear if there will be a second
meeting.

Staff Writer John Richardson can be contacted at 791-6324 or at:

jrichardson@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      July 7, 2001 Saturday FINAL EDITION

It's a fact: Men don't think rationally, women are klutzes

BYLINE: George Jonas

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. B5 George Jonas

LENGTH: 770 words


The July issue of AOPA Pilot (the magazine of the American Owners and Pilots
Association) notes the results of a recent study conducted at Baltimore's Johns
Hopkins University. The researchers followed general aviation pilots for a
period of 14 years, between 1983 and 1997, and concluded that when men and women
pilots crash, they tend to crash for different reasons.

To be precise, the authors of the study at the Bloomberg School of Public Health
Centre for Injury Research and Policy concluded that male and female aviators
have a statistical tendency to crunch their metal birds in ways peculiar to
their respective genders. Bluntly put, men more often have a problem with their
heads, and women more often have a problem with their hands.

The study, first published in the May 2001 issue of Aviation, Space and
Environmental Medicine, identified the differences between male and female
pilots in terms of circumstances of the crash and the type of pilot error
involved. The researchers looked at 144 female and 287 male pilots between 40
and 63 (selecting only mature aviators to screen out common factors such as
youth and inexperience). They found that male pilots flying general aviation
(private) aircraft in the United States are more likely to crash due to
inattention or flawed decision-making, while female pilots are more likely to
crash from mishandling the aircraft.

It should be emphasized that the study did not include professional airline
pilots.

Most private aviation crashes involved at least some kind of pilot error for
both sexes (95 per cent for females, 88 per cent for males), but the two sexes
tended to make errors of different types. Female pilots mishandled the aircraft
in 81 per cent of the cases, or nearly 1.7 times as often as their male
counterparts (48 per cent). On the other hand, male pilots made poor weather and
flight-planning decisions or took unwarranted risks in 29 per cent of the
crashes, while only 19 per cent of the female pilots did so.

In short, both genders performed according to their respective stereotypes. More
men were slipshod or took foolish chances, while more women tended to be
panicky, confused, or all thumbs.

One popular encyclopedia defines stereotypes as "a prejudicial set of notions,
gained secondhand, and used to define other ethnic, gender or social groups in
simplistic and erroneous ways." That's nonsense. In fact, stereotypes are the
result of the collective observation of generations.

They're shorthand expressions of common characteristics, or of frequent
phenomena. They're the simplified results of shared experiences that give us, as
the writer Henry James put it, "the power to guess the unseen from the seen."

Stereotypes may be trite and banal. As cliches, they may be shopworn and boring.
They may not fit individuals, and they've certainly no place in the legal
system. But, contrary to current beliefs, they aren't untrue or inaccurate by
definition.

The problem with "myths" and stereotypes isn't that they're baseless, but that
they're poor substitutes for open-minded inquiry in particular cases. If one
wants to discover what actually happened in a given instance, even valid
statistics are little use. Aviation accidents or incidents involve individuals,
not statistics. Things that may be generally true can easily be false in the
example at hand.

Unfortunately, people regularly invoke fables and stereotypes to support their
prejudices or politics. Feminists have their own twist. They've not only
insisted that stereotypes are unreliable for judging individual women -- quite
true -- but have turned "stereotype" into a synonym for falsehood. They've
declared that stereotypes are altogether unfounded, which isn't true at all.

"Our study reveals several gender differences in the types of pilot error
involved in general aviation crashes," concluded Prof. Susan Baker, one of the
study's authors and an AOPA member. "In order to improve training of pilots, the
most common errors -- mishandling aircraft kinetics, poor decision-making, and
inattention -- merit increased consideration."

No doubt. But when all training can possibly do is done, men will still be
inattentive, rash and careless in greater numbers, while relatively more women
will have problems with "aircraft kinetics" -- i.e., pushing and pulling pedals
and levers at the right speed in the right sequence. That's what men and women
do -- not as individuals, of course, but as aggregates.

It's comforting to see science confirm, sometimes, what most people have always
known.

George Jonas is a Citizen columnist.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

2015 NCAA Tournament - The race to Indianapolis Ugly OT win beautiful to Cincy

BYLINE: Howie Kussoy

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 409 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. - Cincinnati and Purdue knew all too well who awaited the winner
of their second-round Midwest Region matchup.

In an ugly, yet exhilarating affair, most pleasing to the eyes of their
prospective opponent - No. 1 Kentucky - the No. 8 Bearcats barely outlasted No.
9 Purdue, 66-65, in overtime on Thursday night at the KFC Yum! Center, coming
back from a seven-point deficit in the final 48 seconds of regulation to force
an extra session on a buzzer-beating drive from Troy Caupain.

In a game no one seemed to want to win, filled with missed opportunities, missed
free throws and mishandling of the ball, Caupain missed the front end of a
one-and-one free throw with less than six seconds remaining in overtime and
Cincinnati only up one, but Purdue's Vince Edwards missed the game-winning
3-point attempt at the buzzer.

"It was an unbelievable job by our guys of not giving in, not quitting,"
Cincinnati associate coach Larry Davis said. "Those guys played their hearts
out."

Cincinnati (23-10) dragged Purdue down to the trenches for one its typical
boulder battles, but the Boilermakers (21-13) ended up with the advantage in the
physical contest, pulling down 21 offensive rebounds for 21 second-chance
points.

Despite making just 4-of-26 3-pointers, the Boilermakers held their biggest lead
in the final minute of regulation, but let the seven-point margin slip to one 11
seconds later, giving up a 3-pointer, a turnover and a 3-point play.

Purdue's Jon Octeus then missed two free throws in the final 25 seconds, giving
Cincinnati the ball back with seven seconds left, trailing 59-57.

"We had all the opportunities in the world, and that's why it hurts as bad as it
does because we knew we put ourselves in position to win and we didn't make the
necessary plays," Purdue coach Matt Painter said. "We had a lot of things that
happened - it wasn't a lack of effort kind of thing - that got to a point where
we still could have finished the game out."

Instead, Caupain sprinted down the floor, throwing up a difficult, off-balance
shot on the desperation drive that arced just over Octeus' outstretched arm,
indecisively rolling around the rim until finally falling through the net with
no time remaining.

"It was wonderful," Caupain said. "Once it was rolling around the rim, I
stopped, I bent down a little bit, I looked up, and once it fell in the rim and
the buzzer went off, I just smiled."

hkussoy@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

THE DIGEST:

                              May 5, 1997, Monday



News

SAN FRANCISCO'S DECISION TO SUE BANK OF AMERICA for allegedly mishandling $3
billion of municipal bond accounts will likely force banks nationwide to review
their practices in the corporate trust arena, industry experts said last week.
Page 36

Washington

THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HAS RECEIVED 12 BIDS from underwriters for its upcoming
$274 million of note sales, up from two bids for a similar deal last year. Page
5

THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION AND CONGRESSIONAL Republican leaders agreed late
Friday to a plan to balance the federal budget by 2002. Page 6

The Regions

THE BALLROOM ERUPTED IN APPLAUSE THURSDAY night when the two honorees at the
Municipal Forum of New York's annual awards dinner defended recent remarks by
Goldman, Sachs & Co. managing director Michael McCarthy. Page 2

FLORIDA LAWMAKERS WERE POISED FRIDAY to pass the state's fiscal 1998 budget,
which authorizes more than $1.5 billion of general obligation and revenue bond
issuance for roads, schools, and environmental projects. Page 3

A FEDERAL APPEALS COURT PANEL LAST WEEK affirmed a district court verdict
striking down New Jersey's system of solid-waste disposal. Page 4

GROWING DEMAND FOR BOND INSURANCE is likely to spur expansion of the industry
overseas and encourage the entry of new competitors, market participants said
Friday. Page 11

THE PITTSBURGH STADIUM AUTHORITY AND OFFICIALS for the Steelers football team
are considering two potential sites for a new stadium. Page 27

From the Wire

THE LOS ANGELES HARBOR DEPARTMENT IS LOOKING to change the indenture for $177.8
million of revenue bonds sold in 1995 to remove wording that has caused
"confusion," chief financial officer Jim Preusch said Friday. Page 2

Retail

THOUGH BANK-QUALIFIED OFFERINGS ARE MONOPOLIZING this week's new-issue calendar,
a handful of sizable deals will attract retail dollars based on quality, target
yields, and name recognition in supply-parched regions, municipal players said.
Page 8

Northeast

IN A CREATIVE EFFORT TO FINANCE SCHOOL construction, officials in Prince
George's County, Md., have proposed delaying parks and water projects. Page 30

Derivatives

THE GOVERNMENT FINANCE OFFICERS ASSOCIATION last week warned against reducing
regulation of the futures industry in testimony on legislation that would limit
the powers of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Page 29

Listings

New-Issue Calendar Page 12

Executive Placement Page 16

Notices of Sale Pages 17-18

Bond Redemptions Pages 23-25

Market Statistics Pages 32-35

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 424 words

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 21, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Out of Character

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A27

LENGTH: 903 words



If, as is said, there is nothing like a calamity to take your mind off your
troubles, the administration can console itself with this thought about the
mishandling of the aftermath of its Iran misadventure: no one is talking about
the deficit.

The misadventure now has the familiar attribute of Washington's consuming
obsessions: the result of each attempt to put it to rest is an exponential
growth in the number of questions about it.

A presidential speech and news conference have been devoted to it, and all they
have accomplished is to put the president on the edge of a precipice. He seems
defensive, evasive, ill at ease -- in short, the one thing he of all leaders
dare not seem: out of character. We may be about to see realized the potential
volatility of public opinion that has been fixed on an intensely personal
affection for a president's personality.

Today the nation's mind is ambivalent, unformed -- soft wax ready to receive
fresh imprints. Horace Busby notes that 20 percent of those who voted Nov. 4 did
so in eight states (Alabama, Alaska, California, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, New
York, Pennsylvania) that elected four Democratic and four Republican governors
while in each case choosing a senator of the other party.

Another clue to the country's mood is this: of the 13 new senators, nine have
served in the House, one has served there and in a Cabinet office (Brock Adams,
Washington Democrat), three others have been governors (Democrats Sanford of
North Carolina and Graham of Florida and Republican Bond of Missouri). The
electorate is in no mood for amateur hour in Washington. It craves competence.

The Iranian episode radiates incompetence -- in its substance, execution and
apologia. This, after the Daniloff and Iceland episodes, has encouraged this
judgment: the aides in close contact with President Reagan today are the least
distinguished such group to serve any president in the postwar period.

The nation's disposition regarding Reagan may be quite changeable, not because
the nation is unusually volatile, but because of the nature of Reagan's
relationship with the nation. After the loss of the Senate, his people deflected
the suggestion that he is a lame duck, arguing that no one enjoying such a high
job-approval rating, and a personal popularity unrivaled since Eisenhower, can
be lame.

But the botching of Iran policy will take a toll on job-approval. Even more
important, his personal popularity will decline, perhaps precipitously, unless
he and his administration quickly put an end to the truculence, sophistry,
score-settling among rivals trying to keep their skirts clean and grudging
over-lawyered explanations.

The presidency is an inherently, meaning constitutionally, weak office. There is
little a president can do on his own -- except sway the country and by doing so
move Congress. Thus, the power of the presidency, unlike, say, the power of the
office of the British prime minister, varies substantially with the qualities of
the occupant. And the power of a particular president can vary radically with
swings in the public's perceptions of him.

Reagan's hold on the country's affection rests to a remarkable degree on his
reputation as a politician of clear principles clearly spoken. The average
citizen, meaning the only slightly attentive citizen, values Reagan as a leader
precisely because we need not listen closely to him, lest we be tricked by him.
Clarity and consistency, important to any president, are especially so to this
one because those qualities, rather than, say, a reputation for expertise, form
an unusually large part of the foundation on which approval of him rests.

What caused scalding criticism of the president from some usually sympathetic
persons during the Daniloff affair was the words-mean-whatever-we-choose abuse
of language: the swap was no swap, the summit not a summit. Similar intellectual
corruption has seeped into administration statements about Iran, evasive
statements that have been too-clever-by-half concerning whom U.S. officials are
dealing with in Iran and why.

Public revulsion about this may be magnified by the coincidental eruption of a
private-sector scandal on Wall Street. What is the connection between the Iran
misadventure and the Ivan Boesky insider-trading query? Perhaps there is none.
Or perhaps the following:

The political climate can be conditioned by the echo of one event in an
unrelated event. It is impossible to prove but hard to doubt that there was a
connection this year between the passage of sweeping tax reform and the sudden
surge of concern about ''Deaverism'' -- the Washington-based lawyer-lobbyist
influence industry. Evidence of bad judgment and bad faith at the center of
government may soon mix in the public mind with a Niagara of evidence of
corruption at the symbolic center of the private sector, Wall Street. The public
is apt to be made uneasy by a vague sense of enveloping malpractice in important
institutions.

To insulate itself from this, the administration needs to try candor, which
means acknowledging serious mistakes. It may be too late for that, after the
news conference. The administration also needs an infusion of talent, which
means, for starters, a new national security adviser.  "Aides in close contact
with President Reagan today are the least distinguished such group to serve any
president in the postwar period."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 14, 1997, Friday, THREE STAR EDITION

PROBLEMS AT FBI LAB AFFECT PROSECUTIONS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Justice Department has advised 50 prosecutors, half in state and local
governments, that FBI lab problems could affect their cases, Deputy Attorney
General Jamie Gorelick said Thursday.

She added that that figure might grow.

"In each of the cases . . . there could be an issue raised by defense counsel,"
Gorelick said at a news conference. "We're just going to have to see how each
court reacts to each separate fact pattern that's presented" before anyone can
say whether lab errors will harm the prosecutions.

But Stephen Kohn, attorney for the whistle-blower who made allegations about lab
errors, said, "The figure of 50 is considerably understated. We believe when (an
investigation is) finished it will be well over 1,000 cases." He represents FBI
scientist-agent Frederic Whitehurst.

Whitehurst triggered an investigation of the lab by the Justice Department's
inspector general when he charged that parts of the lab were contaminated, that
supervisors lacked adequate scientific training and that lab reports and
testimony had been biased in favor of prosecutors. A still-secret draft report
by the inspector general supports some of his charges, sources say.

Gorelick said Thursday that 50 prosecutors had been alerted. "Ongoing review
might increase that number." Prosecutors are required to disclose to defense
attorneys any evidence that might clear their clients.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, chairman of a subcommittee that oversees the FBI,
wrote Attorney General Janet Reno on Thursday that Gorelick's statement "is at
odds with" an assertion by Deputy FBI Director Weldon Kennedy on Jan. 28 that
lab problems wouldn't compromise "any past, present or future prosecution."

Three FBI supervisors have been transferred out of the lab. Whitehurst h imself
was suspended with pay after refusing to cooperate with a separate inquiry into
leaks of his allegations.

Federal prosecutors preparing for the trial of Timothy McVeigh for the 1995
Oklahoma City bombing have replaced one of the transferred lab s upervisors,
Dave Williams, with another expert witness from the lab as a result of the draft
report.

Earlier this week, federal prosecutors in Seattle dropped one count of
possessing a destructive device against a member of the separatist Freemen after
an FBI lab technician testified that a detonator had been mistakenly listed in
an FBI report as part of the apparatus.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 10, 2005 Saturday

FEMA boss sidelined as Katrina fury swells;
Coast Guard admiral takes over relief as Brown returns to his Washington desk

BYLINE: BARRIE McKENNA

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 755 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


All week, George W. Bush has decried others for playing the "blame game" in the
wake of the botched response to hurricane Katrina.

Yesterday, it was the U.S. President's turn to lay blame as he ousted his
embattled top emergency management official and handed the job of directing
relief efforts in the ravaged Gulf Coast to a veteran Coast Guard officer.

Michael Brown, 50, director of the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency,
will keep his title, but he won't have anything to do with the massive relief
effort on the ground.

A political appointee, Mr. Brown has come under fire for his mishandling of the
hurricane rescue operation in the Gulf states, and also for what appear to be
exaggerations in his résumé. After revelations yesterday, it seemed that Mr.
Brown's only management experience has been as head of the International Arabian
Horse Association, an organization of breeders that put on shows.

His replacement is Thad Allen, Vice-Admiral of the U. S. Coast Guard, which has
been praised for its quick deployment before the storm and for plucking
thousands of survivors from rooftops.

Mr. Brown has faced a barrage of criticism since the hurricane hit - for the
slowness in getting aid to victims, for FEMA's plodding bureaucracy, for his
lack of experience and for questions about the reliability of his résumé.

He also seemed hopelessly out of touch as the catastrophe unfolded, admitting in
television interviews that he wasn't even aware that thousands of evacuees were
desperately holed up in the New Orleans Convention Center.

But Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff refused yesterday to condemn
Mr. Brown's work and he sidestepped questions about the FEMA director's
credentials.

"Michael Brown has done everything he possibly could to co-ordinate the federal
response to this unprecedented challenge," Mr. Chertoff told reporters in Baton
Rouge, La., with Mr. Brown at his side.

He said the personnel shuffle would facilitate a "seamless response" to the
hurricane and to ensure the government is ready for the next emergency.

But the move failed to appease many critics. In a letter to Mr. Bush, top
Democratic senators accused Mr. Brown of poor judgment and for failing basic
responsibilities.

"It is not enough to remove Mr. Brown from the disaster scene," the senators
complained.

Republican Senator Trent Lott, whose own home in Pascagoula, Miss., was
destroyed by the hurricane, said Mr. Brown has been "acting like a private,
instead of a general."

Asked if he was being scapegoated for the problem-plagued relief efforts since
the Aug. 31 hurricane, Mr. Brown told the Associated Press: "By the press, yes.
By the President, no."

It is unclear how long Mr. Brown, who has headed FEMA since 2003, will stay in
his job. He reportedly told his aides that he was thinking of leaving FEMA
anyway.

But Mr. Brown vehemently denied he's been demoted.

"I'm going to go home and walk my dog and hug my wife and, maybe get a good
Mexican meal and a stiff margarita and a full night's sleep," he told AP. "And
then I'm going to go right back to FEMA and continue to do all I can to help
these victims."

A week ago, Mr. Bush publicly praised Mr. Brown, a lawyer with little management
experience, but extensive connections to prominent Republicans. "Brownie, you're
doing a heck of a job," Mr. Bush said at the time.

But the pressure on Mr. Brown intensified yesterday after Time magazine reported
in its on-line edition that Mr. Brown may have embellished his résumé by
suggesting he was a political science professor at Oklahoma's Central State
University and manager of emergency services division for the city of Edmond,
Okla. Time says Mr. Brown was actually a part-time lecturer and a low-level
bureaucrat with no management duties.

In recent days, the world has watched incredulously as the wealthiest and most
powerful country in the world struggled mightily to cope with the aftermath of
the hurricane. It now appears that hundreds of people may have died after the
hurricane - either from dehydration, drowning or lack of medical attention.

Federal, state and local officials have angrily blamed each other for the
miscues and delays.

But it is FEMA, created in 1979 to co-ordinate the federal response to
hurricanes and other disasters, which has taken the most heat. Critics complain
FEMA, now spending nearly $1-billion (U.S.) on hurricane relief, is a
second-rate agency, staffed by political hacks and ill-equipped to handle a
catastrophe on the scale of Katrina.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 26, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL: Protecting Players From Their Agents;
Misconduct Leaves N.F.L. Union Fearful of Incompetence and Greed

BYLINE: By MIKE FREEMAN

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 2752 words


Concerned about the quality of the agents representing its players, the National
Football League Players Association decided to literally put agents to the test.
In late 1996, the union sent a basic quiz to agents on a subject they should
have known well: the collective bargaining agreement, the bible for player
contract negotiations.

The voluntary test was not exactly astrophysics. Agents could use the collective
bargaining agreement for reference, and there were only several dozen questions.
But of the 200 to 250 agents who took it, some 40 percent either failed or
scored poorly, missing some of the most elementary questions about what players
are entitled to and what teams can demand in negotiations.

"We were disappointed with the results," said Arthur McAfee, staff counsel for
the players union.

More than that, the troubling experiment underscored the union's growing fears
that too many unqualified agents were operating in an increasingly lucrative and
opportune football marketplace. The 1,200 players now in the N.F.L. are the most
ever, and the players are, on average, making salaries three times what they
were a decade ago. The number of agents has grown, too, to 800 this year from
about 500 in 1990.

The union's sense of unease about the men and women representing its players has
only deepened lately. Complaints made to the arbitrator who settles disputes
between football players and agents have risen dramatically in the last two
years, dwarfing, for instance, those arising in professional baseball.

And earlier this year, the Securities and Exchange Commission, responding to
complaints of agent misconduct, launched a criminal investigation into whether
agents have illegally served as financial advisers to their clients.

In the most serious recent example of misconduct, a financial planner in San
Diego who had often portrayed himself to N.F.L. players as an agent was
sentenced last December to 10 years in prison for stealing $11 million from his
clients, many of them football players. Darren Woodson, the defensive back for
the Dallas Cowboys, lost $3.7 million alone.

"It is the wild, wild west out there," said Brad Blank, an agent who has
represented N.F.L. players since the early 1980's. "The things agents are doing
to each other, to their clients, is worse than I can remember. The reason is
pretty simple: there is more big money, but few hard-core punishments to serve
as a deterrent to an agent who breaks the rules or breaks the law."

The union's concern is so great that it has begun implementing a range of
safeguards to protect players. Earlier this year, for instance, the union rolled
back the maximum percentage that agents can charge players to negotiate a
contract from 4 percent to 3 percent, the lowest cut in sports.

The union, which for years required virtually nothing in the way of credentials
for agents, also plans to institute a more strict application process, one that,
come next February, will make passing a test mandatory.

And the players association is not alone in its worries. Several states have
enacted laws making it illegal to have improper contact with college players. In
Pennsylvania, Jeffrey Nalley recently pleaded no contest to a charge of unlawful
activity by an agent after buying more than $1,000 worth of clothing for Curtis
Enis, the former Penn State running back who is now with the Chicago Bears.
Nalley was fined $10,000 and ordered to do 100 days of community service.

"I do think for a player these days it is hard to find an agent," said Enis,
who, after the misadventure in college, has already had two agents in his first
few months in the N.F.L. "There are always people coming at you, wanting
something."

Misconduct by agents happens in all sports. But the Major League Baseball and
National Basketball Association unions say they have long had mechanisms in
place to protect their players. The union for N.B.A. players, for example, has a
grievance process and a code of conduct, and new agents must complete a 24-page
notarized application.

While it is impossible to say precisely why more incidents of misconduct by
agents may be taking place in professional football, it is not hard to list some
of the ingredients contributing to the more volatile environment.

The N.F.L., which signed a $17.6 billion television deal during the off season,
is hip-deep in cash. True free agency for players, which came to football well
after it had become a reality in sports like baseball and basketball, has led to
an increasing number of contracts that would have been unthinkable even several
years ago. Last week, Terrell Davis signed the richest deal ever for an N.F.L.
running back and in the history of the Denver Broncos, a nine-year, $56.1
million package with an $11 million signing bonus.

And there are simply more players available for agents to traffic in. Baseball
has only 750 players, compared with the N.F.L.'s 1,200.

"I am very afraid of what the business has become," said Joe Linta, a veteran
agent for N.F.L. players. "It has gotten out of hand -- the amounts of money
involved, how crazy other agents are."

Questionable Figures Find an Open Door

The National Football League Players Association, like other sports unions,
functions in dual roles. First, it is a union for the players and negotiates
with the owners. Second, it is the entity that certifies, monitors and, if
necessary, punishes member agents.

But over the years, the union has done very little to serve as an aggressive
gatekeeper against problem agents. To be certified by the union, prospective
agents simply fill out a 14-page application that asks questions about such
things as an applicant's education and whether the applicant has ever been
convicted of a felony.

With little screening, and the big money of N.F.L. deals serving as a powerful
magnet, it is no surprise that some questionable characters have become agents,
according to players, team officials and agents themselves.

Since 1996, seven agents have been found to have broken union rules and have
been punished, with two suspended for a year and fined $5,000 for improperly
providing cash to college players, according to a union disciplinary summary
statement.

Moreover, the arbitrator who handles disputes between football players and their
agents, Roger P. Kaplan, said he has handled 88 cases in the last two years, a
huge bump in business, he added, and far more than have taken place between
agents and players in other sports. Baseball officials say there have been
roughly a dozen such cases in the last seven to eight years. Most of the
disputes Kaplan arbitrates involve disagreements over fees. Agents say other
disputes stem from the stealing of clients away from other agents in violation
of the rules. But Kaplan said the sport's expanding money has been driving the
number of complaints.

"Now football players make enormous amounts of money," Kaplan said. "Therefore,
when all this money is involved, there are bound to be disputes."

The fights that agents wage to acquire the most promising clients have also
intensified, in part because the N.F.L.'s draft of college players has been
reduced from 30 rounds several decades ago to only seven now.

One agent claims to have received a tape-recorded death threat last winter from
another agent who thought he was trying to steal a veteran client. And it is not
uncommon for agents to circulate in parking lots after practice or games, trying
to woo other agents' players. The Miami Dolphins got so tired of seeing agents
hanging around parts of their facility that they now limit where agents can go.

Certainly, there are any number of agents who represent their players well. And
players are not always angels. They sometimes stiff agents on their fees,
forcing the agent to go to arbitration. Or a player will change agents instantly
when another offers to do a contract for a lower fee.

"Most of the agents in the business are good guys who take good care of their
clients," said Howard Shatsky, a longtime agent.

Until recently, players mostly used their agents to negotiate contracts with
teams and manage endorsement deals. But over the years, agents have come to
serve their clients in all sorts of unorthodox, quite personal ways. Agents are
now best men at weddings, social planners, mediators of family disputes,
confessors.

That increased role can be positive, and many agents take great pride in looking
out for their clients. But it has also blurred traditional professional lines,
and trusts have been violated.

A Misplaced Trust With Money

In 1997, J. J. Stokes, the wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers, asked John
Gillette what had become of $500,000 he had given Gillette to invest. Gillette,
a San Diego financial planner who had worked with players sent to him by their
agents, told Stokes he had invested the money in municipal bonds. In truth,
though, Gillette had stolen the half-million dollars.

Gillette, who had often portrayed himself as an agent as well as a financial
planner, stole from a lot of N.F.L. players. Late last year, he pleaded guilty
to 38 counts of theft and one count of forgery for stealing more than $11
million from 25 athletes who were clients, including San Diego Chargers
linebacker Junior Seau, Dallas Cowboys defensive back Darren Woodson and
Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Rob Johnson. Gillette is serving a 10-year
prison sentence.

"The Gillette case was one of the worst I have ever seen," said Peter
Longanbach, a prosecutor with the District Attorney's office in San Diego. "The
agent business itself is to blame for some of what happened. That business
attracts, in my opinion, some of the worst people on the face of the earth. It
attracted John Gillette."

Gillette's scheme was simple: he stole money from players instead of investing
it as he was supposed to, using some of the cash to buy expensive cars and
charge $50,000 a month on a credit card, Longanbach said.

On the few occasions Gillette did invest the money, he put it in his own
investments, including a gold mine in Ghana, Longanbach said.

When Stokes confronted Gillette last year and demanded proof that his money had
been invested in municipal bonds, Gillette stole stationery from the office of
Patricia T. Frazier, head of financial and technical services for the city of
San Diego, forged her signature and sent a letter to Stokes stating that he had
bought the bonds, Longanbach said.

Athletes in other sports were also victimized by Gillette. Ryan Jaroncyk, who
received an $850,000 signing bonus from the Mets several years ago, spoke at
Gillette's sentencing hearing in January. He gave Gillette $100,000 to invest,
but has never seen any of it since.

"John looked me in the eye and said he lived by Christian values," Jaroncyk
said. "He had a picture of Jesus as a judge on the wall."

Gillette is hardly the only person accused of theft by his former clients.  Jim
Kelly, the recently retired quarterback for the Buffalo Bills, and a handful of
other N.F.L. players have charged they were misled and later bilked of money by
agents and financial planners working for Lustig Pro Sports, a now defunct
sports representation agency based in Ohio. The agency was sued by several
former clients, but many of the lawsuits were eventually dropped or settled out
of court because the players lacked the money to sustain them.

In court documents, Kelly claimed the agency had invested his money in
questionable deals, bought worthless injury protection insurance and forced him
to prepay his fees to the agency, a violation of players association rules.
Other players had made similar charges over the years, including Mike Webster,
the Hall of Fame center. Webster, despite having earned millions during his
career, was left financially destitute two years ago -- homeless and sleeping in
bus stations or the back of his car.

In one of the more extreme examples of misconduct alleged by Kelly, the
quarterback charged that the agency, owned and run by Greg Lustig and A. J.
Faigin, invested his money in a real estate partnership called Madison Plaza.
The agency's own accountant later testified that the investments were doomed to
eventually be worthless, and that Kelly had unwittingly assumed $75,000 in debt.
The accountant, Gary Cooper, called the deal "one of the worst violations that I
can think of for an attorney representing a client."

Faigin declined to speak about the charges, and Lustig could not be reached for
comment. Faigin, though, recently sued Kelly for libel, contending that Kelly's
charges of misconduct, contained in the quarterback's autobiography, had defamed
him. An eight-member jury in New Hampshire deliberated for two hours before
finding for Kelly.

"The worst part about Jim's case is as sure as I am sitting here today, what
happened to Jim is happening right now to another athlete," said Steve Gordon,
Kelly's lawyer.

Cases such as those involving Gillette and others were what prompted the S.E.C.
to start its investigation of agents. The commission's central interest is
whether agents in all sports are providing investment advice to their athlete
clients in violation of securities law. The commission is also exploring whether
agents used financial advisers to recruit potential clients and then paid them
kickbacks.

As part of its investigation, the S.E.C. subpoenaed hundreds of pages of
documents from the football players union in March relating to investment
counseling and financial planning, according to a union memo obtained by The New
York Times.

One area the S.E.C. is focusing on involves agent referrals. Because agent
activities on college campuses are often highly restricted, agents use financial
planners as recruiters to solicit new clients. If the player then signs with the
agent, the planner is given exclusive access to manage the player's financial
portfolio, plus a kickback that serves as a finder's fee, agents say. Such a
relationship could be fraud if the agent and the planner do not disclose to the
player the true nature of their relationship.

The players association has cooperated with the S.E.C.'s investigation and has
even sought the help of agency officials in outlining regulations to its agents,
said Richard Berthelsen, general counsel for union. Barry Barbash, director of
the S.E.C.'s division of investment management, which regulates financial
advisers, spoke in February to a meeting of agents at the N.F.L.'s scouting
combine, making sure they understood the rules.

Distractions On the Field

The damage done by problem agents goes beyond the financial catastrophes
suffered by the players. Players, agents and N.F.L. officials say the increased
misdeeds by agents also take emotional chunks out of players. Those
distractions, and the anxiety and anger that often come with them, can translate
into poor play on the field.

"Any distraction that has to do with their money affects a player," said Giants
General Manager Ernie Accorsi. "When a player has stable agents, it helps their
careers. Players who have bad agents have shorter careers."

Some teams actively stay away from players who have questionable agents, N.F.L.
team executives said. One general manager who spoke on condition of anonymity
said his team removed a highly rated college prospect from its draft board last
year after discovering he had an agent the team thought was unethical.

The union thus is trying to enforce some standards and reforms. Starting in
February, McAfee said, the union counsel, anyone who registers to become an
agent must take a test similar to the one that the players union gave to agents
late in 1996. The test will have questions on the collective bargaining
agreement, salary cap issues and free agency.

Any agent who fails the test will not be certified, McAfee said. Also beginning
in February, current agents must take that same test every year, and if they
fail, those agents will be suspended and possibly decertified. Any N.F.L. team
that negotiates with an agent not sanctioned by the union is subject to a
$10,000 fine from the commissioner. Such testing will be the first of its kind
in the sports agent business.

"These steps are being taken to protect the players," McAfee said.

Many agents applaud the changes, but are uncertain what effect they will have.

"The only people who can stop agents from doing the wrong thing," said Blank,
the agent, "are the agents themselves."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Jim Kelly, the former Bills quarterback, has accused an agency
of mishandling his money. The agency's own accountant testified on Kelly's
behalf. (Associated Press); John Gillette, right, a financial planner, who had
worked with players sent to him by agents, pleaded guilty last year to stealing
more than $11 million from 25 athletes. (Associated Press)(pg. 1); Curtis Enis,
a star running back in college who is now with the Chicago Bears, ran into his
first problem with an agent before he even left Penn State. (Ezra O.
Shaw/Allsport)(pg. 6)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 16, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mr. Bush in New Orleans

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 698 words


President Bush said three things last night that desperately needed to be said.
He forthrightly acknowledged his responsibility for the egregious mishandling of
the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. He spoke clearly and candidly about race and
poverty. And finally, he was clear about what would be needed to bring back the
Gulf Coast and said the federal government would have to lead and pay for that
effort.

Once again, as he did after 9/11, Mr. Bush has responded to disaster with
disconcerting uncertainty, then risen to the occasion later. Once again, he has
delivered a speech that will reassure many Americans that he understands the
enormity of the event and the demands of leadership to come.

But there are plenty of reasons for concern. After 9/11, Mr. Bush responded not
only with a stirring speech at the ruins of the World Trade Center and a
principled response to the Taliban in Afghanistan. He also decided to invade
Iraq, and he tried to do it on the cheap -- with disastrous results, for which
the country continues to pay every day.

This time, Mr. Bush must come up with a more coherent and well-organized
follow-through.

Clearly chastened by the outcry over his slow response to the disaster and his
administration's bumbling performance, Mr. Bush said last night that he was
prepared to undertake ''one of the largest reconstruction efforts the world has
ever seen.'' If he is sincere about his commitment to New Orleans and the other
damaged localities, and to the displaced residents, he may have a fight on his
hands in persuading Congress to support such an ambitious and necessary effort.
Obviously, any official with even a minimal sense of responsibility would
understand that this work will have to begin with a promise to give up on any
more of the Republican Party's cherished tax cuts.

The speech, as good as it was, marks only a moment of clarity. Mr. Bush's
problem in dealing with Katrina has been, at bottom, the same one that has
bedeviled the administration since 9/11. The president came to office with a
deep antipathy toward big government that has turned out to be utterly
inappropriate for the world he inherited. The result has not been less
government, but it has definitely been inept government.

We have already seen what happened to the Federal Emergency Management Agency
when it was taken over by an administration that didn't like large federal
agencies with sweeping mandates. For Iraq, the White House asserted that
open-ended and no-bid contracts doled out to big corporations run by people
known to government officials would mean swifter, more efficient operations.
What we got was gross inefficiency, which has run up costs while failing in many
cases to do the jobs required.

Given this history, it's impossible not to worry about what will happen to the
billions of dollars being committed to New Orleans, especially since the Army
Corps of Engineers' top man in the reclamation effort was once the corps' top
man overseeing contracts in Iraq.

The administration is staffed several levels deep with officials who share their
leader's distrust of large, expensive federal undertakings. But it is now faced
with an unprecedented task: housing hundreds of thousands of homeless people,
making sure their children are educated over the short term and eventually
getting them a start on a new life. There is no way to do that without a focused
federal effort.

Last night, the president was particularly strong when discussing the nation's
shocking lack of preparedness for disaster, and the stark fact -- obvious to
every television viewer around the globe -- that the people left homeless and
endangered by Katrina were in the main poor and black.

The entire nation, he said, saw the poverty that ''has roots in a history of
racial discrimination, which cut off generations from the opportunity of
America.'' Polls show that black Americans are far angrier and more skeptical
than whites about the administration's actions since the storm. Mr. Bush's words
could begin a much-needed healing process. But that will happen only if they are
followed by deeds that are as principled, disciplined and ambitious as Mr.
Bush's speech.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 21, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

From Coast to Coast, Fallout From a Probe; Wen Ho Lee's Family: 'It's Unfair,
It's an Injustice'

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 793 words


The son and daughter of former Los Alamos National Laboratory physicist Wen Ho
Lee said yesterday that a torrent of leaks by federal government officials has
destroyed their family's reputation and falsely "branded" their father as a
Chinese spy.

"This is wrong, it's unfair, it's an injustice, and it can't be done to just
anybody, like it was done to Richard Jewel," said Chung Lee, 27, a medical
student, referring to the security guard who was falsely accused of planting a
bomb at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta.

"We believe these leaks," added Alberta Lee, 26, a software engineer, "are the
reason my father is being held in jail without bond."

Lee, 59, a naturalized U.S. citizen born in Taiwan, was fired from his sensitive
post at Los Alamos in March and identified by U.S. officials as the prime
suspect in an investigation of Chinese espionage at the lab. Those officials
later acknowledged they lack evidence showing Lee spied for China.

But Lee was charged Dec. 12 with 59 felony counts for mishandling classified
information downloaded from the lab's classified computer system and has been
held without bail in Albuquerque since his arrest.

In Albuquerque, Lee's criminal defense attorneys met yesterday with a federal
judge, trying to arrange for a bail review hearing this week. In Washington,
standing on the steps of the federal courthouse at Third Street and Independence
Avenue, Chung Lee said he wants, more than anything else, to have his father out
on bail and home for Christmas.

He and his sister, who made their first public comments on their father's
situation yesterday, said members of their family have been allowed to visit Lee
in jail for only an hour a week, in the presence of an FBI agent. While both
children were raised speaking to their parents in Chinese, they said FBI agents
insist that all jail conversations be conducted in English.

"I think he's doing the best he can," Alberta Lee said. "He knows he's innocent.
He knows he has done nothing wrong. He has faith in the judicial system, and
he's going to wait this out."

The Lee children spoke to reporters after attorneys filed court papers alleging
that the FBI and the departments of Energy and Justice unlawfully leaked
confidential information to the media about Lee and his wife, Sylvia, 56, a
retired Los Alamos secretary and data analyst.

"As a result of the unlawful selective leaks by defendants, [Lee and his wife]
became the subject of intense media scrutiny and were portrayed as suspected
spies for the People's Republic of China," the lawsuit states.

Brian A. Sun, a former federal prosecutor and the family's lead attorney,
declined comment on most aspects of the criminal charges filed against Lee in
Albuquerque but said Lee destroyed seven tapes containing downloaded
information. Federal prosecutors said in indicting Lee that they could not
account for the tapes.

"They were destroyed. They were not destroyed for any sinister motive," said
Sun. "We believe this issue has been blown way out of proportion, in part by
these unauthorized leaks."

Energy Secretary Bill Richardson, beginning a two-day trip to Sandia, Los Alamos
and Lawrence Livermore national laboratories, said at a news conference in
Albuquerque that Lee's lawsuit "has no foundation."

"We have made a concerted effort to protect the privacy of all individuals in
his case," Richardson said. "I believe we have acted responsibly and been very
deliberate, especially the Justice Department, in the law enforcement effort."


Background

Nuclear Espionage

MARCH: A Taiwan-born scientist at Los Alamos, Wen Ho Lee, is fired for security
violations. He had been under investigation since 1996 in connection with the
1980s theft of W-88 warhead information.

APRIL: After learning that Lee had transferred top-secret nuclear computer codes
to his unsecured computer, the Energy Department shuts down computer systems at
all its weapons labs because of concerns about possible espionage.

MAY: Energy Secretary Bill Richardson announces an overhaul of security and
counterintelligence activities at the Energy Department, including creation of a
"security czar."

The House select committee on Chinese technology transfers issues a 700-page
report saying China had obtained nuclear secrets about all U.S. warheads through
a 20-year campaign of espionage.

DEC. 10: After hearing evidence for several months, a grand jury in Albuquerque,
issues a 59-count indictment accusing Lee of removing nuclear secrets from a
secured Los Alamos computer. Lee is arrested.

SOURCE: Associated Press

Wen Ho Lee's daughter, Alberta Lee, son Chung Lee, center, and attorney Brian
Sun speak outside the federal courthouse in Washington.



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IG

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Financial Mirror

                             April 21, 2013 Sunday

Congressmen question FBI mishandling of Boston suspect

LENGTH: 507  words


U.S. Republican lawmakers questioned Sunday whether the FBI had fumbled the case
of one of the two Boston Marathon bombing suspects, saying it was one of a
series in which someone the agency had investigated had gone on to participate
in terrorist attacks.

House of Representatives Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul
said he wrote to the FBI and other officials asking why more wasn't done after
the FBI's 2011 interview with Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the elder of two brothers
suspected in the Boston bombing, who was killed in a shootout with U.S. police.
He was 26.

"Because if he was on the radar and they let him go, he's on the Russians'
radar, why wasn't a flag put on him, some sort of customs flag?," McCaul, of
Texas, said on CNN's "State of the Union" program. "And I'd like to know what
intelligence Russia has on him as well." McCaul said he believed Tsarnaev had
"received training" while on a trip to Russia last year. U.S. investigators say
Tsarnaev, an ethnic Chechen, spent six months in Russia last year.

Tsarnaev's brother Dzhokhar, 19, remained hospitalized in serious condition on
Sunday, unable to speak.

McCaul's letter, which was also signed by the former chairman of the homeland
security panel, Representative Peter King of New York, said Tamerlan Tsarnaev
"appears to be the fifth person since Sept. 11, 2001, to participate in terror
attacks despite being under investigation by the FBI." They said the others were
Anwar al-Awlaki, a U.S.-born cleric and leader of al Qaeda's affiliate in Yemen
who was killed in a U.S. drone strike; David Headley, an American who admitted
scouting targets for a 2008 Islamic militant raid on Mumbai; Carlos Bledsoe, who
killed an Army private outside a military recruiting office in Arkansas in 2009;
and Nidal Hasan, who is on trial for killing 13 people at Fort Hood Texas in
2009.

In addition, Farouk Abdulmutallab, who tried to bring down a U.S. jetliner over
Detroit on Christmas Day 2009, had been identified to the CIA as a potential
terrorist, the letter said, adding the cases "raise the most serious questions
about the efficacy of federal counterterrorism efforts." House Intelligence
Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, a former FBI agent, defended the agency. The
Michigan Republican said it had performed a "very thorough" review of the older
brother in 2011, but then failed to receive further cooperation from the foreign
intelligence agency that requested the review. U.S. law enforcement sources say
this agency was from Russia.

"That case was closed prior to his travel, so I don't think we missed anything,"
Rogers said on NBC's "Meet the Press." But King told "Fox News Sunday" he
wondered why the FBI did not take more action after Tsarnaev returned to the
United States and put statements on his website "talking about radical imams."
The McCaul-King letter asked for all information the U.S. government had on
Tsarnaev before April 15. It was also addressed to Director of National
Intelligence James Clapper and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 157


                        Copyright 2013 Alayam Newspaper.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

NEW ORLEANS RELEASES PALKO; BENGALS CUT QB

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. D-12

LENGTH: 567 words


Former Pitt quarterback Tyler Palko was cut by the New Orleans Saints yesterday,
although he appeared to be a strong candidate for the team's practice squad
should he clear waivers.

Running back Antonio Pittman, the Saints' fourth-round draft choice, also was
among 12 players released by New Orleans.

Once players clear waivers, the Saints may sign up to eight of them back onto
their practice squad. Palko is a likely candidate, given that New Orleans has
only two quarterbacks on its active roster.

Palko was the Saints' third quarterback until the final day of the preseason,
but turned in a dismal performance, including mishandling three snaps, in the
second half of New Orleans' final preseason game -- a 7-0 victory against the
Miami Dolphins Thursday night.

More pro football

Unhappy with Doug Johnson's preseason play, the Cincinnati Bengals released
their veteran backup quarterback and obtained quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick from
the St. Louis Rams for a conditional draft pick.

* Dallas Cowboys quarterbacks coach Wade Wilson was suspended for five games by
the NFL for buying and using performance-enhancing substances.

* Tight end Chris Cooley signed a six-year, $30 million contract extension with
the Washington Redskins. The contract includes $14 million in guaranteed money.

* The Kansas City Chiefs put former star running back Priest Holmes on the
reserve/non-football injury list, guaranteeing that his absence from the game
will stretch to almost two years.

Track and field

Tyson Gay and Allyson Felix helped the United States sweep the men's and women's
400-meter relays at the world track and field championships in Osaka, Japan. Gay
joined Carl Lewis and Maurice Greene as the only men to win three gold medals at
one world meet.

Auto racing

Three-time champion Sebastien Bourdais won the pole for the Champ Car's
inaugural Dutch Grand Prix in Assen, Netherlands, edging Justin Wilson for the
top starting spot. Bourdais, hoping to become the first Champ Car driver to
claim four consecutive titles, was timed in 1 minute, 18.765 seconds around the
2.83-mile Assen track.

* Helio Castroneves won his IndyCar Series-record seventh pole of the season at
Belle Isle, edging Dario Franchitti for the top spot in the 18-car field for the
Detroit Indy Grand Prix today. Castroneves, who averaged 103.401 mph, broke
Billy Boat's 1998 record of six pole position victories in a season.

Basketball

Cappie Pondexter scored nine of her 33 points in the final five minutes and the
host Phoenix Mercury advanced to the WNBA Finals with a 98-92 win against the
San Antonio Silver Stars.

* Authorities pulled a body from the Delaware River near Wilmington and there is
a "strong likelihood" it is the missing father of Orlando Magic star Jameer
Nelson. Floyd "Pete" Nelson, 57, an employee at a tugboat company, was last seen
Thursday working in a dry dock area in Chester, Pa.

Gymnastics

With Catalina Ponor's floor exercise leading the way, Romania proved itself a
contender after the first day of qualifying at the world championships in
Stuttgart, Germany. The defending Olympic gold medalists finished only 1.3
points behind China, which led with 241.175 points after the first day of
qualifying. The United States and Russia each compete today.

Baseball

Chris Sidick hit a solo home run in the sixth inning as the Washington Wild
Things edged the visiting Slippery Rock Sliders, 1-0, in the Frontier League.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 14, 2001 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

REPORT CRITICIZES DOE IN LEE CASE;
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT CALLS INQUIRY OF ALLEGED ESPIONAGE "INACCURATE"

BYLINE: NAFTALI BENDAVID

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1151 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A "woefully inadequate" and "blatantly inaccurate" Energy Department examination
of alleged Chinese espionage led to an irrational focus on Los Alamos scientist
Wen Ho Lee, according to a blistering Justice Department report released Monday.

The report, assigned by former Attorney General Janet Reno, criticized the
Department of Energy for shoddy work and the FBI for uncritically accepting
Energy's conclusions and consequently "spending years investigating the wrong
crime."

"Had either the FBI or DOE done what it should have done, the FBI could have
been investigating in the year 1996 what it is now investigating in the year
2000," declares a heavily censored portion of the report which was made public.

The report, authored by veteran federal prosecutor Randy Bellows and completed
in May 2000 but kept secret until now, is an attempt to clarify the mistakes of
the Lee case, one of the FBI's biggest embarrassments of recent years.

In the midst of a flurry of national concern about alleged Chinese espionage,
Lee was charged in 1999 with 59 counts of mishandling classified information.

The government's case quickly collapsed, and Lee was freed after pleading guilty
to just one count of downloading classified information on his computer.

The episode left many wondering why investigators had focused so heavily on Lee,
and also left unclear just how much Chinese espionage there had been.

The Justice Department report was an attempt to answer some of that. But the two
chapters released Monday, under court order, were censored for reasons of
privacy and national security. The rest is still being reviewed and redacted.

The report's scathing language likely will do little to quiet the debate over
the Lee case.

Some argue that the FBI focused too heavily on Lee, possibly for racial reasons,
and that it is not even clear that much espionage occurred. Others say that if
investigators had pursued Lee, as well as other suspects, more forcefully, they
might have found more clandestine activity.

Both sides agree the Chinese espionage investigation was badly botched.

Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said
there is plenty of blame to go around.

"The abysmal handling of the initial phases of this case caused serious harm and
delay in resolving fundamental questions about a grave compromise of our nuclear
secrets," Leahy said. "These are mistakes that the country cannot afford."

The Bellows report does go to some lengths to dismiss the notion that Lee was
targeted solely because of his ethnic Chinese background, as many of his
supporters have claimed. Lee, a native of Taiwan, is a naturalized U.S. citizen.

The report says it "has found no report of racial bias," adding that the Energy
Department's investigation "had many serious problems. Racism was not among
them."

Rather, Lee was targeted because of a suspicious pattern of behavior and because
he'd been mentioned in a previous counter-intelligence inquiry.

Aside from that small vote of confidence, the Bellows report could hardly have
been more cutting as it dissected the Chinese espionage that led to the Lee
debacle.

Through the haze of the report's many crossed-out pages, a picture emerges of a
lazy Energy Department investigation and an incompetent FBI follow-up.

Suspicions surfaced in 1995 of Chinese espionage at the nation's nuclear weapons
laboratories, which are run by the Energy Department, after a would-be defector
stunned U.S. officials by handing them a detailed design of the W-88 warhead
used in Trident II nuclear submarines.

Energy Department officials assembled top nuclear weapons experts who concluded
that the information had been available to a relatively broad range of the
agency's employees.

But officials inexplicably misrepresented these findings to the FBI, the report
says, suggesting instead that Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico was
the only logical source of the problem and Lee the only logical suspect.

"The consequences for the investigation caused by the inaccurate representations
were profound," the report says.

It specifically criticizes the Energy Department's office of energy
intelligence, formerly headed by Notra Trulock.

Trulock has since sued Lee, claiming the scientist authorized his supporters to
falsely accuse Trulock of racial bias. It is in the course of that lawsuit that
a judge has ordered the Justice Department to release the Bellows report.

The report reserves its strongest language for a 41-page inquiry written by two
unnamed Energy Department investigators and turned over to the FBI in May 1996,
focusing attention on Lee and his wife, Sylvia.

"The final report was so poorly written and organized that this alone made it
difficult to evaluate and comprehend," the report says. "More significantly, it
contained very serious deficiencies, including numerous inconsistent and
contradictory statements as well as unsubstantiated assertions."

This inquiry "should have been a sieve resulting in the identification of a
number of suspects," the report continues. "Instead, it ended up as a funnel
from which only Wen Ho and Sylvia Lee emerged."

The FBI is also lambasted for accepting the Energy Department's conclusions
unquestioningly. The bureau's deference to the department during the Lee
investigation was "a grave mistake," Bellows concluded, "unfortunate and
inexplicable."

"It cost the FBI the opportunity to investigate this crime without the publicity
that is now irrevocably associated with this matter," the report says. "This
impact cannot be undone regardless of the resources devoted to the case today."

The Lee case is often listed as one of a series of recent FBI embarrassments,
including longtime agent Robert Hanssen's spying for the former Soviet Union and
the mishandling of documents in the Oklahoma City bombing case.

But the case also became a focal point for those concerned about Chinese
espionage, prompting at times hyperbolic media coverage, with the New York Times
even publishing a lengthy message to readers, which conceded an at times
alarmist tone in its coverage.

Lee was indicted in December 1999 for allegedly mishandling classified
information. Although he was never charged with passing information to China, he
was held in solitary confinement for nine months before being freed.

In releasing Lee, Judge James Parker said the government's handling of the case
"embarrassed our entire nation," and former President Clinton questioned Lee's
long detention.

But Reno and former FBI Director Louis Freeh forcefully defended the handling of
the case, saying Lee had showed a long, suspicious pattern of behavior.

Since his release, the scientist has sued the FBI and the Justice and Energy
departments, alleging that his privacy was violated by leaks designed to
persuade the public that he was a spy.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chicago Tribune
Mug of Wen Ho Lee

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 17, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Koch's Mishandling Of the Homeless

BYLINE: By Norman Siegel and Robert Levy; Norman Siegel is executive director
and Robert Levy is staff attorney at the New York Civil Liberties Union.

SECTION: Section A; Page 35, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 678 words


Mayor Koch's proposal to remove homeless people from New York City's streets and
confine them in Bellevue Hospital appears to be an unauthorized rewriting of New
York State's mental health law and a violation of constitutional liberties.

Focusing the blame on the state mental hygiene law, which he asserts prevents
him from protecting homeless people from serious harm, he is threatening to
change the commitment standard without legislative approval.

The real obstacle to mental health care for the homeless is the serious shortage
of beds for psychiatric patients caused by the lack of community mental health
programs in New York City. Unfortunately, the Mayor's program ignores this
problem and promises services that the crisis-ridden mental health system has
been unable to provide.

Whenever government proposes to remove citizens from the streets and confine
them involuntarily in a mental hospital, fundamental civil liberties are at
stake. Individuals are deprived of their freedom of movement and association,
they are separated from friends and community and they are frequently subjected
to intrusive and in some cases potentially harmful treatment procedures without
their consent.

Because commitment is, in the words of the Supreme Court, a ''massive
deprivation of liberty,'' government's exercise of this power must be limited by
statute and constitutional principles. Before a person can be involuntarily
confined in a mental hospital in New York State, the individual must be shown to
have a mental illness and to present a real and present danger of substantial
physical harm to himself or others.

The mental hygiene law gives the Mayor the legal authority to direct city
officials to hospitalize any homeless person who is mentally ill and cannot
survive safely on the street. But, as the courts have repeatedly made clear,
government does not have the power to hospitalize harmless people who are
capable of meeting their basic survival needs, even if they appear to be
disheveled or their standard of living is considered low. The proposed policy
threatens this group the most.

For the last two years, New York City has supported legislation in Albany that
would permit the commitment of so-called gravely disabled people - those who are
not presently dangerous but may, at some speculative future date, become so. The
proposal failed in both years.

Nevertheless, Mayor Koch now threatens to adopt such a standard without
legislative approval. If he does so, he will have exceeded his legal authority.
He has been less than candid in his efforts to win public approval for his
policy. He has not addressed the real problem: the severe shortage of in-patient
beds and community mental health programs.

According to a report by the city's Health and Hospitals Corporation, the crisis
is so severe that many seriously disturbed patients are forced to wait for days
in psychiatric emergency rooms, where they may be crowded into chairs, strapped
to stretchers and handcuffed to wheelchairs because no beds are available.

We are aware of many other patients who have been turned away at the emergency
room doors despite their requests for help. Moreover, there are not enough
community programs to care for the patients after Bellevue Hospital ultimately
discharges them.

This crisis has existed for years, because city and state officials have failed
to muster the resolve to address these problems. The situation has deteriorated
to such a point that the New York Civil Liberties Union and the Coalition for
the Homeless have sued the city to compel it to provide these basic services.

The Mayor's new program does not ease the crisis; it ignores it. Unfortunately,
the directive is another empty promise: It purports to offer treatment to the
mentally ill yet fails to provide the necessary resources.

The real problem lies not in the commitment laws but in the city and state
governments' failure to develop community mental health programs. The Mayor owes
it to New Yorkers to provide a realistic and constitutional solution.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 3, 2017 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

'The strong leader the EPA needs'

BYLINE: John Barrasso

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 334 words


The Environmental Protection Agency needs reform.

Anyone who doubts the deterioration at this once-respected agency should recall
the summer of 2015, when the EPA spilled more than 3 million gallons of toxic
wastewater into a Colorado river.

Last month, the EPA denied $1.2 billion in damage claims from farmers, Native
American tribes and small businesses. This disaster followed the EPA's
mishandling of the water crisis in Flint, Mich.

The government agency responsible for protecting the environment and the health
of  Americans has been endangering the public's health.

The EPA has become a bloated regulatory behemoth that has lost sight of the
needs of the American people and the environment. The agency's bureaucrats have
been more preoccupied with pushing punishing new regulations.

This red tape killed thousands of jobs in energy-producing and manufacturing
states such as West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Indiana, North Dakota and
my  state of Wyoming.

Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, President Trump's nominee to lead the
EPA, is committed to protecting the environment -- ensuring clean air, water and
land -- while allowing the American economy to grow.

Pruitt will be the strong leader the EPA needs. He has seen the consequences of
the agency's overreach, and he has worked to restore its original focus. He
negotiated a water rights settlement with tribes to preserve scenic lakes and
rivers.

He worked with Dustin McDaniel, a Democrat and  former Arkansas attorney
general, to reduce pollution in the Illinois River, which flows between their
two states. He  stood up to oil and gas companies that polluted his state's air
and water. Pruitt has won  bipartisan recognition and support. McDaniel called
him a "staunch defender of sound science and good policy as appropriate tools to
protect the environment."

Scott Pruitt will be an excellent EPA administrator, committed to  reform.

Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., is chairman of the Senate Committee on Environment
and Public Works.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Whole Foods, EPA reach environmental settlement

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 211  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Whole Foods Market Inc. has reached a $3.5 million settlement
with regulators over its improper identification or mishandling of hazardous
waste at stores in Oklahoma and four other states.

The Environmental Protection Agency announced the fine and an agreement Tuesday
for Austin-based Whole Foods to comply with waste regulations and better train
workers.

Whole Foods Market Inc. said the matter often involves products - such as nail
polish remover, vitamins, liquor and cleaning items - that are purchased,
opened, returned and then can no longer be sold and are declared waste.

The EPA says the grocer's violations were at stores in Texas, Arkansas,
Louisiana, New Mexico and Oklahoma. In a statement, Whole Foods said there was
no allegation or finding by the EPA that it improperly disposed of hazardous
wastes, but that it addressed "record keeping" with regard to hazardous waste in
its stores.

The company says it worked with the EPA and has updated operations and training,
plus improved its systems to better track such waste.

Whole Foods has three stores in Oklahoma - two in Tulsa and one in Oklahoma
City.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

Clarence Fanto: New Calif. consent law is way to go

BYLINE: By Clarence Fanto, Special to The Eagle

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 844 words


LENOX -- Now that students have returned to college campuses, there's reason for
hope that an intensive, laser-like focus on the widespread mishandling of sexual
abuse complaints will yield some positive results.

As announced last May, a federal investigation has targeted 60 colleges and
universities where assaults against women may have been swept under the rug by
campus officials or resulted only in minor wrist-slaps against perpetrators.

Here in Massachusetts, Amherst College, Boston University, Emerson College,
Harvard College, Harvard University Law School and UMass Amherst are on the list
of schools being investigated by the U.S. Department of Education. Other major
campuses include Dartmouth, Princeton, the University of California-Berkeley,
the University of Michigan and Ohio State.

The 60 campuses are being investigated because of allegations that violations of
the law may have occurred. According to federal statistics, as many as 20
percent of female college students have been assaulted on campus.

While Williams College is not on the list, many students, parents, faculty and
alumni were alarmed last May when accusations surfaced that administrators
mishandled a student's complaint of having been raped and harassed. A petition
drive calling for action by the college yielded hundreds of signatures, while
some alumni threatened to withhold donations.

"This has gone off like a pack of fireworks inside a pack of fireworks,"
according to 1985 Williams graduate Anne Lindsay Fetter. "I've never seen the
alumni association so enraged over anything before," she told The Boston Globe,
which first reported the story.

In response, Williams College President Adam Falk wrote to alumni and parents,
declaring the campus has a "culture of commitment to ending sexual assault.

"Sexual assault is horribly, devastatingly destructive," he wrote. "Williams is
not immune from this destructive force."

Though Falk vowed to prioritize solutions, Fetter described the response as
"pure PR spin drafted by a lawyer to skirt any legal problems."

Now comes digital technology to the rescue, or so it is hoped. Not surprisingly,
Williams is among the colleges urging its students to download one of the new
mobile apps designed to help prevent sexual attacks.

The apps, including Circle of 6 (recommended by Williams) and Rave Guardian, use
GPS technology allowing students to seek help through their smartphones if they
are in a possibly dangerous situation. They can notify friends, family or police
to monitor their locations through GPS -- especially useful if they are lost,
inebriated, or find themselves in compromising situations with dates.

The Rave Guardian app has created customized, campus-specific versions for more
than 100 colleges nationwide, including Brown University, Providence College and
UMass-Dartmouth.

Circle of 6, downloaded by more than 150,000 individuals, has the UCLA seal of
approval. Its software developers were honored by the White House following a
competition to develop mobile technology aimed at preventing dating violence.

"We're trying to encourage a campus culture where people look out for each
other, whether that's someone who needs help because they feel uncomfortable or
vulnerable, or if someone needs to be told that they're making someone else feel
uncomfortable," Meg Bossong, Williams College's sexual assault prevention and
response director, told The Globe.

According to Emil Fioravanti, campus police chief at UMass-Dartmouth, the Rave
Guardian app is a "neat tool box to provide students with mobile security," but
he acknowledges it's not a 100 percent effective silver bullet: "It's another
arrow in the quiver that can be used as a method of personal safety. That's what
it's really all about."

As most college students are constantly tethered to their smartphones, this is a
promising development.

But until young men understand very specific rules governing intimate contact
with the opposite sex, progress will remain limited.

It was encouraging to learn this past week that California has become the first
state to pass legislation defining when "yes means yes.'' The bill supported by
both political parties that went to Gov. Jerry Brown's desk on Friday eliminates
the old refrain, "no means no."

Instead, anyone pursuing intimate contact would be required to obtain consent
through an "affirmative, unambiguous and conscious agreement'' by each
individual prior to any sexual activity.

As reported by the Sacramento Bee newspaper, silence or lack of resistance does
not signify consent. The legislation also states that there can be no consent if
any individual is intoxicated, drugged, unconscious or asleep.

This is a model for laws that should be proposed and passed here in
Massachusetts and every other state in order to send an unmistakable message:
Violators will suffer adverse consequences. Young women on college campuses, or
in any other setting for that matter, should know without any doubt that not
only is the law on their side, but it will be enforced.

To contact Clarence Fanto:
cfanto@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            November 7, 2016 Monday

Presidential candidates, pests & paramours

BYLINE: by RALPH R. REILAND

LENGTH: 528 words


To paraphrase Paul Simon, it's still crazy after all these months as we're
finally at the end of this mudslinging presidential campaign.

Regrettably, this marathon of political badmouthing and character assassination
won't skip a beat if Hillary Clinton wins, according to Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis.

Mrs. Clinton's email shenanigans and mishandling of classified documents
qualify, maintains Johnson, as a "high crime or misdemeanor" per the U.S.
Constitution, meaning she could, or should, be impeached.

To be impeached, she would need to be formally charged by the House of
Representatives and subsequently convicted by the Senate in an impeachment
trial.

At about the same time I was writing last week's column, "White House inbox
overflowing with social, economic woes" (Oct. 31 and TribLIVE), on the Labor
Department's huge undercounting of unemployment, The New York Times ran a
peculiar report, "Donald Trump and Other Animals," by contributing opinion
writer Richard Conniff.

Mr. Conniff explained that he had previously written about Trump in his book
"The Natural History of the Rich: A Field Guide," likening Trump to a
hangingfly.

At this late hour in the campaign, Conniff was expanding in The Times on the
hangingfly comparison by imaginatively describing the allegedly Trump-like
mating conduct of the male of the species, "a type of insect that catches and
kills other insects, then uses its prize to seduce a passing female. While she
dines on his nuptial gift, he gets to mate with her. The bigger the gift, the
more leisurely the mating."

In view of all that, as we're preparing to hold our noses and vote for the least
unbearable candidate, Conniff apparently wants pretty women in Manhattan to be
on our minds, along with Trump's imported wives and supposed paramours, all
allegedly and impulsively lured like thoughtless bugs by the magnificence of
Trump's Mar-a-Lago oceanside estate in Palm Beach, Fla. (20 acres, 58 bedrooms,
33 bathrooms, spa, swimming pool, tennis and croquet courts, three bomb
shelters, neighboring Trump International golf course); his $100 million Boeing
757; his extravagant collection of Rolls-Royces, Mercedes-Benzes and
Lamborghinis; and his gold-drenched three-story Trump Tower penthouse on Fifth
Avenue in Manhattan, valued at more than $150 million.

For over-the-top weekend getaways, there are Trump's 60-room mansion on 230
acres in Bedford, N.Y., with its three pools and semi-proletarian bowling alley;
his 23,000-square-foot mansion on 2,000 acres of vineyards in Charlottesville,
Va.; and his Beverly Hills, Calif., mansion on Rodeo Drive. For tropical breezes
and rum punch, there's Trump's Le Chateau Des Palmiers resort on the Caribbean
island of St. Martin.

Conniff concludes that Trump is not unlike lower-level male hangingflies, cheap
chauvinists who "grab back the nuptial gift after a bit and carry it off to
seduce other females," matching that practice to how Trump dumped second wife
Marla Maples "just months before her (prenuptial agreement) was to come due."

Ralph R. Reiland is associate professor of economics emeritus at Robert Morris
University and a local restaurateur (rrreiland@aol.com).

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Falls Church Funeral Home Denies Mishandling Bodies

BYLINE: Josh White; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 834 words


A Falls Church funeral home that allegedly mishandled numerous bodies over the
past year has denied wrongdoing. Its attorneys wrote to a Virginia regulatory
board that the company has not violated any laws or industry standards and that
it treats all remains with "the utmost dignity and respect."

Attorneys for National Funeral Home, which serves as a regional embalming and
storage facility for Houston-based Service Corporation International, wrote that
allegations of impropriety were unfounded. They said an internal investigation
has turned up "credible, independent evidence that refutes the principal
allegations" that surfaced when current and former employees and customers
complained publicly this year.

The complaints, first reported in The Washington Post in April, centered on
allegations that National Funeral Home was overwhelmed with bodies from six area
funeral homes and that supervisors there resorted to storing bodies in hallways,
a back room and on unrefrigerated storage racks in a garage.

Whistleblower Steven Napper, a former Maryland State Police trooper who worked
at the facility as an embalmer, documented unsanitary conditions there.
Photographs Napper took in December showed bodies balanced on biohazard boxes,
and the remains of decorated military officers scheduled to be buried at
Arlington National Cemetery being stored in the garage.

Several current and former employees have backed Napper's allegations, as did
Ronald Federici, a doctor who witnessed the facility's conditions late last year
when his father's body was sent there. Federici said the facility was
"disgusting, degrading and humiliating."

As part of an investigation by the Virginia Board for Funeral Directors and
Embalmers, the funeral home was given an opportunity to respond, leading to the
company's letters Friday.

Emily Wingfield, the funeral board's deputy director, said state laws prohibit
her from commenting on the case.

In the letters, which SCI released yesterday, National Funeral Home officials
"vehemently disagree" with Napper's claims. While denying unclean or unsanitary
conditions, funeral home officials acknowledge that they stored bodies on the
garage racks in coffins "during exceptionally busy times" and never for an
extended period.

"Mr. Napper's allegations have no merit and are plainly contradicted by
objective, irrefutable evidence," wrote William G. Broaddus, a Richmond attorney
representing the funeral home who also claimed Napper never raised concerns with
superiors. "National Funeral Home treats all remains with the utmost dignity and
respect. It has acted in accordance with all laws, regulations and industry
standards at all times."

Napper said yesterday that he stands by his complaints and noted numerous
conversations with his managers about problems at National Funeral Home.

"There is no doubt in my mind that what they were doing was wrong and that they
knew about it," Napper said.

Officials for SCI said they conducted an internal review of the allegations and
hired a law firm to do an independent investigation. Citing pending litigation,
SCI spokeswoman Lisa Marshall said she could not provide a copy of the
investigation report or discuss its contents.

"We took these allegations seriously and did an internal review," Marshall said.
"We found no credible evidence that supports the allegations in the complaints."

Marshall emphasized that there is no law in Virginia requiring funeral homes to
refrigerate embalmed bodies, even if they are to be stored over long periods.
Marshall said that storing bodies on the garage racks is a legal "option
available to us."

Two families, one of which has sued SCI, said they were ensured that their loved
ones would be held in refrigerators before burial and were shocked to learn how
the bodies were handled. Kim Brooks-Rodney, an attorney who represents the
family of an Army colonel whose body was stored at National, said it does not
surprise her that SCI has denied wrongdoing.

"We fully expect the photographs taken by Mr. Napper, his testimony and the
testimony of other current and former National Funeral Home employees to expose
the hideous treatment the remains kept at National Funeral Home received,"
Brooks-Rodney said. "People deserve dignity in life and in death, and for some
reason National Funeral Home does not seem to understand this basic principle of
common decency."

SCI plans to spend more than $200,000 to make improvements to National Funeral
Home's facilities, including adding a third storage cooler, the ability to
control the garage's temperature and new flooring and lighting. Marshall said
the funeral home is developing written protocols and procedures for bodies
scheduled for burial at Arlington.

The Virginia state board is considering new regulations that would require
funeral homes to tell families where bodies are being held and the method of
storage. The board is also considering regulations requiring that any body
stored for longer than 24 hours be embalmed or refrigerated.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 4, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Gore campaign to keep chairman Despite controversy, vice president says Coelho
'doing a terrific job'

BYLINE: Jim Drinkard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 698 words

DATELINE:  WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Vice President Gore said Sunday that Tony Coelho,
chairman of his presidential campaign, will keep his job despite
government investigators' findings that Coelho mishandled government
money as the top U.S. official at last year's World Exposition
in Portugal.

"Tony Coelho is doing a terrific job. He's my close friend, and
he's going to continue doing a great job," Gore said on CBS's
Face the Nation.

But Gore twice declined to answer directly when asked whether
he had full confidence in Coelho, at one point saying, "I haven't
seen this report, but I know him, and he is going to continue
doing the terrific job he's been doing as my campaign chair."


Despite the supportive words, the controversy surrounding Coelho
surfaced at a crucial and potentially damaging time in Gore's
campaign.

Facing lackluster fund-raising numbers for the third quarter of
the year and polls that show rival Democrat Bill Bradley even
with him in key early-primary states such as New Hampshire and
New York, Gore has been seeking to revitalize his organization.
He announced last week that he was moving the campaign headquarters
to Nashville, a symbolic gesture aimed at playing down his ties
to the scandal-plagued Clinton administration and to Washington
insiders.

Gore strategists had scheduled his television appearance Sunday
in an effort to highlight some of the campaign's issue themes,
but the vice president found himself confronted with questions
about a new Washington controversy.

Aides to the vice president said they were waiting to see how
the news played and how other candidates reacted to it, hoping
that the issue would be seen as relatively minor and would die
down quickly.

In a report made public over the weekend by the Center for Public
Integrity, a nonprofit government watchdog group, State Department
investigators said Coelho:

* Spent lavishly, approved questionable payments to contractors
and hired his niece for a job while he was in charge of the U.S.
pavilion at the exposition in Portugal.

* Lived in an $ 18,000-a-month condo while in Portugal and
rented a chauffeur-driven Mercedes even though the pavilion already
had a six-van fleet that was underused.

* Hired two stepsons of the U.S. ambassador to Portugal
and arranged government reimbursement of $ 26,000 in questionable
expenses to a consultant who worked in Coelho's New York City
office.

The Center for Public Integrity said Coelho hampered the government's
investigation by ordering detailed records destroyed. The group
also charged that Coelho's actions may have violated federal laws
regulating how federal funds for international expositions are
spent. Coelho's lawyer, Stanley Brand, denied that any laws were
broken.

His client, Brand said, did not receive a salary for his work
on the exposition. "He devoted two years of his life and spent
substantial amounts of his own money," Brand said, although he
acknowledged, "There may have been management lapses."

The center said Coelho's official role appeared to have mingled
private business ventures he had in Portugal with at least three
companies that provided support for the U.S. pavilion. Ethics
rules bar government officials from working on matters that would
affect their own finances.

In his career as a California congressman, Coelho established
a reputation as an aggressive, results-oriented political player.
He took over the party's struggling House campaign committee in
1981, and within six years, he converted it to a hard-nosed fund-raising
machine. But along with the success came criticism that he was
shaking down business interests whose legislative fortunes were
at the mercy of the Democrats, then the majority party on Capitol
Hill.

Coelho left Congress in 1989 amid questions over his personal
financial dealings and went on to a new career in the investment
world. But he never totally left the political stage, remaining
a key behind-the-scenes adviser to Democrats. Gore brought him
aboard as campaign chairman May 11 in an effort to impose order
on a sprawling, fractious organization.



LOAD-DATE: October 04, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; Coelho: Report alleges mishandling of government money

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 10, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

MINNESOTA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 66 words

DATELINE: WASECA


Ex-DFL state Rep. Jeff Conway was sentenced to 8 months jail for mishandling $
93,000 in IDS Financial Services clients' money. Conway resigned, pleaded guilty
in March. ... INTERNATIONAL FALLS - 20 electricians returned to Boise Cascade
Corp.'s $ 535 million paper mill expansion project after 2-day walkout. Union
organizers said walkout was bid to slow work because contractor is non-union.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

The life of Romo: From huge NFL contract to Britney

BYLINE: The Philadelphia Inquirer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 701  words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA -- What is worse for a quarterback? Squandering the chance to win
an NFL playoff game by mishandling the snap on a field-goal attempt in the final
minute?

Or rumors that you're dating Britney Spears?

Apparently, newly enriched Dallas Cowboy Tony Romo has handled both issues quite
well.

When last season ended for Dallas, a searing image was of Romo slumped to the
ground in bitter disappointment after bobbling the hold on a chip-shot field
goal. He had picked up the football and seemed to have a shot at scoring a
heroic touchdown before he was tackled from behind.

The Cowboys lost the game to the Seattle Seahawks, 21-20.

TV analysts wondered aloud whether Romo would return this season bowed by the
weight of such a dramatic blunder.

The season Romo is having strongly suggests he was not permanently scarred. On
Sunday, the 6-1 Cowboys will visit Philadelpia to try to put the 3-4 Eagles
farther in their rearview mirror. Dallas is No. 2 in the NFL in total offence
behind the otherworldly New England Patriots, and Romo has the top passer rating
in the NFC at 95.6 and the third-most TD throws in the NFL with 16.

"The most difficult part of that situation was that I let my teammates, my
coaches, the organization, and the fans down," Romo said. "That was the part
that was hardest to swallow. I always knew I would be OK because I understand my
way of thinking.

"This is really the reason I got over it: If something in football is the worst
thing that happens to me, I probably would have lived a pretty good life. So
when I understand that, I'm able to wake up and continue to go forward in life
and continue to try and do the things I'm trying to do."

As for his association with Spears, whose name is usually preceded by the word
"troubled these days, Romo said, "That was a little blown out of proportion. I
met the girl for about two seconds, and all of a sudden I come back in town and
it's like, you're hanging out with Britney. And I was like, really? What are you
going to do?"

Romo, 27, became almost an instant sensation when he made his first start
against Carolina a year ago in Dallas' seventh game. He led the Cowboys to a win
over the Panthers, then helped them to a victory over Indianapolis a month later
and ultimately lifted them into the playoffs. Despite starting for only half a
season, Romo was selected to the Pro Bowl.

It was a rapid rise for an undrafted player from Division I-AA Eastern Illinois.
Really, though, Romo had been preparing for his chance since he signed with
Dallas in 2003.

"The first start I had last year, Carolina, I went into that game and I thought,
you know, you've worked your butt off and you've tried to put yourself in a
position to be successful," he said. "We won and I just kind of kept going and I
thought to myself, you know, I can play quarterback in this league as a starter
and at a high level."

Earlier this week, Romo was rewarded with a six-year contract extension worth
$67.5 million. He's guaranteed $30 million in the first three years of, and he
guarantees it will not change him.

"The biggest misconception people have is sometimes when you get money, it's
like, well, what else is there to prove?" he said. "People want to make it like
it's the finality of something, but when I set out, the intent was to hopefully
be in the NFL and, hopefully, one day start and, hopefully, win Super Bowls.
(Making big money) was never the intent."

" It's just a nice thing, obviously, that makes you feel better along the way."

Romo's risky style has drawn some comparisons to Brett Favre, and has
occasionally led him into trouble. This season he has thrown nine interceptions.
In his start against the Eagles last Christmas, cornerback Lito Sheppard helped
seal a Birds win with an interception.

"He became the quarterback he started out to be last year," Sheppard said. "He's
throwing the ball all over the place and his receivers are making plays. Him and
Favre are alike (as far as) giving receivers chances. When you throw balls to
guys who look like they are covered, some people might look at it as taking a
chance. As a DB, I look at it like he's giving the receivers a chance, but he's
also giving me a chance if I'm in good position."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Romo ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           November 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Palin doesn't rule out bid for U.S. presidency; 'It's not on my radar screen
right now,' Republican tells Oprah

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


O prah Winfrey's much-hyped interview with Sarah Palin on Monday produced little
in the way of insight into the former Alaska governor's world view or her
prescription for U.S. economic revival.

But what Palin did reveal certainly provided fodder for book sales--and for
rumours about her White House ambitions.

In an hour-long appearance on Winfrey's program to promote her new memoir, Palin
declined to rule out seeking the presidency in 2012, telling the talk show host
only, "it's not on my radar screen right now."

The 2008 Republican vice-presidential candidate also lashed out in the interview
against her running mate, Senator John McCain's campaign staff, for mishandling
her image during the campaign, referred derisively to her daughter's publicity
seeking ex-fiance as "Ricky Hollywood" and described CBS News anchor Katie
Couric as "perky," though not in a nice way.

"I'm concentrating on 2010 (midterm elections)and making sure that we have
issues tackled in America," Palin said when Winfrey asked if she planned to seek
the GOP presidential nomination and challenge President Barack Obama in 2012.

"I don't know what I'm going to be doing in 2012. (Running for president is) not
on my radar screen right now."

Palin's pre-taped chat with Winfrey marked the opening of a campaign-style
publicity tour to promote her new memoir, Going Rogue: An American Life, which
is to be officially released Tuesday.

Speculation that Palin is weighing support for a White House bid has been
fuelled by book tour stops in several 'battleground' states -- including
Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Iowa, Florida and North Carolina-- where
presidential campaigns are won or lost.

But Winfrey was less interested in Palin's politics than her personal life and
the controversy -- well-chronicled in the former governor's memoir--that
surrounded McCain's selection of her as his 2008 running mate.

Taking aim at McCain's staff, Palin said they ignored her advice, starting from
the very first crisis of the campaign--revelations that her teenage daughter,
Bristol, was pregnant.

"I did not want that message sent out, that we were giddy happy to be
grandparents," Palin said.

"We perhaps could have sent a better message -- this is not to be glamorized."

Palin, who was initially credited for rejuvenating McCain's campaign, pointedly
dismissed later claims that she ultimately damaged his chances of victory with a
series of blunders.

"I think the reason that we lost --the economy tanked under a Republican
administration," Palin told Winfrey.

"They did not want more of the same. They did not want status quo. . . .

"Unfortunately, our ticket represented what was perceived as status quo."

Palin's campaign gaffes included a pair of uncomfortable interviews with ABC
News'Charles Gibson and Couric, who stumped Palin with a question about what
newspapers and magazines she reads.

Palin made it clear to Winfrey she still bears a grudge against Couric --who she
referred to as "the perky one."

She accused Couric of trying to make her look like a country bumpkin.

"I thought she was asking about this Neanderthal tribe up there in Alaska,"
Palin said.

"I was annoyed with her badgering of questions. . . . If people only know me
from that interview, I don't blame people for thinking I was not qualified."

Palin responded to Winfrey's questions about her daughter's ex-fiance, Levi
Johnston, with a mixture of sarcasm and affection.

Johnston, the father of Palin's grandson, Tripp, has parlayed his ties to the
Palin family into tell-all articles in Vanity Fair and an upcoming nude photo
shoot with Playgirl.

Palin joked that Johnston now goes "by the name Ricky Hollywood" and said, "we
don't want to mess up the gig he's doing: aspiring porn."

At the same time, she described Johnston as "family" and said "it's a bit
heartbreaking the road (he) is on right now."

Several new polls suggest Americans do not believe Palin has the right stuff to
be president.

A CNN survey released Monday found just 28 per cent of voters think she is
qualified to be president; 70 per cent believe she is not qualified for the job.

But Palin herself said she never doubted her qualifications to be McCain's
vice-presidential nominee.

"When I got the call (to join the Republican ticket), it was not such a shocking
call to me," Palin said. "I felt quite confident in my abilities and my
executive experience."

Neither did she question her ability to handle the dual responsibilities of
parenthood and the vice-presidency.

"It never occurred to me that I couldn't do the job because of children," she
said.

But Palin accused the media of employing a double standard in its treatment of
her family and the Obama family, saying reporters "obeyed" the Democrat's
request for privacy while treating her children as tabloid fodder.

"I was naive to think that the media would leave my kids alone," Palin said. "I
wasn't given, I guess, that privilege of being able to protect my family.

"I know there was a double standard."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: George Burns, Reuters, Harpo, Inc.; Sarah Palin poses with daughters
Piper, left, and Willow and talk show host Oprah Winfrey during a taping of The
Oprah Winfrey Show in Chicago in a publicity handout taken last week. Palin was
promoting her memoir, Going Rogue, on the show that was telecast Monday. Palin,
John McCain's running mate in the 2008 U.S. presidential election, dismissed
claims she damaged his chances of victory with a series of blunders. ;
Photo: George Frey, Getty Images; Copies of former Republican vice-president
candidate Sarah Palin's book, Going Rogue, sit on a display in the backroom of a
Costco store Monday in Orem, Utah. The book goes on sale today. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Humane society pact goes on

BYLINE: Tracy Harmon, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


Aug. 20--CANON CITY -- City officials on Monday put off suspending a contract
with the Humane Society of Fremont County where a new director will take over
next month.

The shelter first came under scrutiny last June when it failed an inspection by
the Colorado Department of Agriculture amid complaints of animal mishandling and
subpar cleanliness. A second inspection a month later still found problems but
an October 2013 inspection found the problems had been corrected.

The city pays the shelter $30,000 a year to care for its impounded animals. In
an interview with The Pueblo Chieftain last October, shelter board President
Ruth Stimack said the city's payment is about $15,000 less than the cost to care
for the city's strays.

An independent review of the shelter, conducted on behalf of the city, has
prompted City Council to ask Canon City police Chief Paul Schultz to crunch some
numbers on what it would cost the city to go elsewhere for the services. Schultz
told council Monday he expects to have more concrete information next week.

Council voted to table the issue Monday after hearing both pro and con
statements from the public.

In an effort to rebuild the public trust, the shelter's board Friday hired Doug
Rae of Rhode Island to lead the nonprofit animal shelter. He most recently
served as executive director of the Animal Rescue League of Southern Rhode
Island but also has experience managing shelters in Indiana, Pennsylvania,
Maryland and Arizona.

"Rae has the integrity, the passion and the demonstrated success in shelter
management that we are looking for," Stimack said, pointing out Rae has a track
record of increasing adoptions at the shelters he has overseen.

"I am grateful for the opportunity to lead the Humane Society of Fremont County
towards a brighter future," Rae said. "With a commitment to transparency and
accountability, I intend to make the humane society one that every resident can
be proud of." tharmon@chieftain.com

___ (c)2014 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140820-PB-Humane-society-pact-goes-on-0820-20140820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2014 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 7, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Director Is Accused Of Missteps In Lab Furor

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS

SECTION: Section A; Page 21; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 6


A Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee today accused Louis J.
Freeh, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, of mishandling and
possibly trying to "cover up" problems at the bureau's once-vaunted crime
laboratory.

The Senator, Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, suggested one possible reason that the
bureau did not aggressively pursue reports of problems in the laboratory: one of
the cases involving misleading laboratory evidence was one in which Mr. Freeh
had won acclaim as a prosecutor.

In a harsh denunciation of the bureau on the Senate floor, Mr. Grassley said he
was joining what he called a growing contingent in Congress that had lost
confidence in the leadership of the F.B.I.

In testimony before a House appropriations subcommittee on Wednesday, Mr. Freeh
said he was confident that despite serious problems at the laboratory, no case
"will be compromised because of those issues."

Mr. Freeh, who has been largely immune from Congressional criticism since his
appointment in 1993, was bombarded with complaints from Republicans about his
stewardship of the bureau at Wednesday's hearing.

Mr. Grassley today added to that criticism when he said Mr. Freeh had ignored
warning signs that the laboratory was plagued by problems.  Mr. Grassley said
that when Mr. Freeh and his general counsel were informed of potential problems
at the laboratory in 1994, they rejected a recommendation to have an outside
agency investigate the matter. In the internal investigation they conducted,
they found few serious problems.

But Mr. Grassley said that conclusion was in marked contrast to a recent report
by the Justice Department's inspector general, which found a range of serious
problems. The report questions the bureau's handling of laboratory evidence in
important cases like the bombing of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City, the
bombing at the Atlanta Olympics and the explosion at the World Trade Center.

The bureau declined tonight to respond to Mr. Grassley's statement. But some
F.B.I. officials said that all complaints about the laboratory that came to
their attention in 1994 were thoroughly investigated.

Mr. Grassley noted that recent newspaper articles had said the bureau chose not
to reveal that one of its agents gave misleading testimony in an impeachment
proceeding against a Federal judge. "The F.B.I. covered up this matter," he
said, referring to the case of Judge Alcee L. Hastings, who was impeached and
removed from the bench in 1991 for his role in a bribery scheme.

He said recently disclosed information about the way the F.B.I. handled two
other cases showed a pattern in which the bureau concealed its mistakes. One of
those cases involves the conviction of Walter Leroy Moody in 1991 for the murder
by letter-bombs of a Federal judge and civil rights lawyer. "Mr. Freeh had been
the lead prosecutor on that case," Mr. Grassley said. "He got national
recognition."

In a statement issued by the bureau earlier this week, Mr. Freeh said he
immediately withdrew from taking part in the investigation of the laboratory in
September 1995 as soon as he heard that Frederic Whitehurst, a bureau inspector,
had raised questions about his role in the Moody case. Mr. Whitehurst had raised
the issues of improper conduct at the laboratory in several cases.

Mr. Freeh said the inspector general had concluded that all accusations of
misconduct involving him were baseless.

The inspector general's report on the Moody case, which was first disclosed by
The Associated Press, found that an F.B.I. laboratory official had given
misleading testimony and that the laboratory did not have the proper equipment
to support its conclusion that one person manufactured all the explosive devices
used in the crime.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 7, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

F.B.I. Director Is Accused Of Missteps In Lab Furor

BYLINE: By NEIL A. LEWIS  By NEIL A. LEWIS

SECTION: Section A; Page 21; Column 1; National DeskSection A;Page 21;Column
1;National Desk

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 6


A Republican member of the Senate Judiciary Committee today accused Louis J.
Freeh, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, of mishandling and
possibly trying to "cover up" problems at the bureau's once-vaunted crime
laboratory.

The Senator, Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, suggested one possible reason that the
bureau did not aggressively pursue reports of problems in the laboratory: one of
the cases involving misleading laboratory evidence was one in which Mr. Freeh
had won acclaim as a prosecutor.

In a harsh denunciation of the bureau on the Senate floor, Mr. Grassley said he
was joining what he called a growing contingent in Congress that had lost
confidence in the leadership of the F.B.I.

In testimony before a House appropriations subcommittee on Wednesday, Mr. Freeh
said he was confident that despite serious problems at the laboratory, no case
"will be compromised because of those issues."

Mr. Freeh, who has been largely immune from Congressional criticism since his
appointment in 1993, was bombarded with complaints from Republicans about his
stewardship of the bureau at Wednesday's hearing.

Mr. Grassley today added to that criticism when he said Mr. Freeh had ignored
warning signs that the laboratory was plagued by problems.  Mr. Grassley said
that when Mr. Freeh and his general counsel were informed of potential problems
at the laboratory in 1994, they rejected a recommendation to have an outside
agency investigate the matter. In the internal investigation they conducted,
they found few serious problems.

But Mr. Grassley said that conclusion was in marked contrast to a recent report
by the Justice Department's inspector general, which found a range of serious
problems. The report questions the bureau's handling of laboratory evidence in
important cases like the bombing of the Federal Building in Oklahoma City, the
bombing at the Atlanta Olympics and the explosion at the World Trade Center.

The bureau declined tonight to respond to Mr. Grassley's statement. But some
F.B.I. officials said that all complaints about the laboratory that came to
their attention in 1994 were thoroughly investigated.

Mr. Grassley noted that recent newspaper articles had said the bureau chose not
to reveal that one of its agents gave misleading testimony in an impeachment
proceeding against a Federal judge. "The F.B.I. covered up this matter," he
said, referring to the case of Judge Alcee L. Hastings, who was impeached and
removed from the bench in 1991 for his role in a bribery scheme.

He said recently disclosed information about the way the F.B.I. handled two
other cases showed a pattern in which the bureau concealed its mistakes. One of
those cases involves the conviction of Walter Leroy Moody in 1991 for the murder
by letter-bombs of a Federal judge and civil rights lawyer. "Mr. Freeh had been
the lead prosecutor on that case," Mr. Grassley said. "He got national
recognition."

In a statement issued by the bureau earlier this week, Mr. Freeh said he
immediately withdrew from taking part in the investigation of the laboratory in
September 1995 as soon as he heard that Frederic Whitehurst, a bureau inspector,
had raised questions about his role in the Moody case. Mr. Whitehurst had raised
the issues of improper conduct at the laboratory in several cases.

Mr. Freeh said the inspector general had concluded that all accusations of
misconduct involving him were baseless.

The inspector general's report on the Moody case, which was first disclosed by
The Associated Press, found that an F.B.I. laboratory official had given
misleading testimony and that the laboratory did not have the proper equipment
to support its conclusion that one person manufactured all the explosive devices
used in the crime.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 5, 2004 Monday FINAL EDITION

Feds halt probe of deal with China lab Colo. man was eyed in camera delivery

BYLINE: Jim Hughes , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1028 words


The Justice Department has decided not to press charges against Lee  Yu, a Fort
Collins businessman suspected of illegally diverting  U.S. technology to a
Chinese laboratory thought to be involved in  the proliferation of weapons of
mass destruction.


In a letter, the U.S. Attorney's Office in Denver told Yu that it  was 'closing
the investigation' because 'we feel we cannot,  after investigation, prove the
matter beyond a reasonable doubt.'


The Feb. 25 letter apparently closes a sensational case that made  headlines
last summer.


The end came after Yu's attorney told prosecutors that a federal  agent with the
Commerce Department in California had based her  investigation on inaccurate
information, Yu said.


Yu, a naturalized U.S. citizen who grew up in China, said he feels  vindicated.
But he believes he was targeted because of his Chinese  background, he said.


'It was like a movie,' he said of when federal agents searched  his house. 'You
can imagine, having 10 agents there in my house.


'I came into this country, it was my dream come true. I thought  this was a
great freedom country, (where you) don't have to be  afraid of the police as
long as you are a law-abiding citizen.'


Yu drew the attention of federal investigators after he purchased a  high-speed
video camera capable of taking up to 2,000 frames per  second and used by
physicists and engineers.


Yu admits to buying the camera, and to helping send it to China.  But the
transaction was legal, he said.


The $ 50,000 high-speed video camera went to a Beijing facility  called the
China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology's 14th  Research Institute, or CALT
14, he said.


It did not go to CALT 13, which is also in Beijing, he said, and is  listed on
the Commerce Department's 'Entity List,' a database of  foreign facilities that
are banned from receiving U.S. goods.


To get on the list, a facility has to be suspected of developing  weapons of
mass destruction.


The government received a tip that CALT 13 received such a camera  in November
2001, according to court records.


The affidavit that the Commerce Department special agent submitted  to a federal
magistrate in Denver to apply for a warrant to search  Yu's Fort Collins home
stated that all of CALT is on the list,  which is incorrect, Yu's attorney, Trip
Mackintosh, said.


'The agents were clumsily investigating a legal transaction, and  they
misinterpreted the law,' Mackintosh said. 'All the paperwork  says CALT 14.'


Mackintosh attributed the alleged mistake to the government's new  emphasis on
national security. Before the terrorist attacks of  Sept. 11, 2001, the Entity
List and other export-related laws were  not given the priority they are today,
he said.


'The regulations are very complex, and the concern we have is  whether the level
of training for agents is commensurate with the  complexity,' he said.


The camera in question is not considered sensitive technology by  the
government. It has the same export classification as a  'stapler or a table
lamp,' Mackintosh said.


The Justice and Commerce departments declined to comment, saying  that the
letter speaks for itself, U.S. Attorney's Office spokesman  Jeff Dorschner said.


Yu came to the U.S. from China in 1987 to study mechanical  engineering at
Brigham Young University in Utah. He stayed after  graduation, eventually
becoming a citizen.


He now lives in Fort Collins with his wife and children. The  controversy has
taken a toll on his wife, he said, but his children  are too young to understand
what happened.


Yu said his business - he works as a middleman between American  companies and
Chinese factories - has fallen off since the  investigation became public.


Larry Thompson, a neighbor of Yu's who has known him for five  years, said he
called Yu last summer to support him, after The  Denver Post and other media
outlets reported on the investigation.


He said he never thought his neighbor was a 'spy.'


'I didn't believe any of it,' Thompson said. 'This is absolute  absurdity, that
somebody could be treated in this fashion.'


He said that, if the investigation was a mistake, the government  should admit
that to fully clear Yu's name.


'To me, that's the way things should be handled, if you're ethical  and you're
upfront,' he said. 'He's exonerated in my mind.'


Government prosecutors typically do not apologize, said Brian Sun,  a Los
Angeles attorney for Wen Ho Lee, the former Los Alamos  National Laboratory
nuclear scientist who became embroiled in a  larger spy scandal in 1999.


Lee was indicted on 59 counts of mishandling U.S. nuclear secrets,  but he
pleaded guilty in 2000 to one charge of mishandling  classified data. He was
sentenced to time served; he had spent nine  months in solitary confinement.


'It's not in the government's playbook to say 'We messed up,''  said Sun, a
former federal prosecutor now in private practice.


Lee, who was accused of helping China ramp up its nuclear program,  since has
been unable to find work, Sun said.


'Put it this way: For the rest of his life and after he's dead,  the name Wen Ho
Lee will not conjure up positive images,' Sun  said.


Today, Lee is suing the government. He accuses it of violating his  privacy
rights by leaking details of its investigation to the news  media.


Loren Thompson, chief operating officer for the conservative  Lexington
Institute in Washington, D.C., and a national security  policy analyst, agreed
with Mackintosh's description of the  government's increasing interest in
regulations related to national  security.


There always is a chance that innocent people will be investigated,  or that the
government will conclude its inquiries without  prosecution, he said.


"There's a danger that innocent people will suffer," Thompson  said. "On the
other hand, if you really believe that there's a  security issue, the government
has to take that chance and just do  its best not to prejudge guilt or
innocence."

LOAD-DATE: April 06, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Brian Brainerd From left, Lee Yu and his
attorneys, Antonio Gallegos and Trip Mackintosh, speak with a reporter at the
attorneys' offices. The U.S. said it will not charge Yu with shipments to a
banned China factory.

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Washington: HELP Committee Senators to HHS: Mishandling of Dangerous Pathogens
Calls for Review of Policies and Procedures

LENGTH: 1495  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, & Pensions, US Government has
issued the following news release:

Members of the U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP)
Committee, led by Chairman Tom Harkin (D-IA) and Ranking Member Lamar Alexander
(R-TN), are pressing for answers following three separate incidents in which
select agents were reportedly improperly handled, stored, or transferred by
federal laboratories at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). In a
letter sent to HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell today, the lawmakers called
for a careful review of policies, procedures, and actions.  The HHS agencies
involved in the three incidents, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), are overseen by the Senate HELP Committee.

"The discovery of smallpox vials on the National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Bethesda, Maryland, campus, in addition to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) anthrax incident last month and today's report of earlier
cross-contamination of highly pathogenic influenza samples that were transferred
to a laboratory at the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
necessitates a serious and careful review of HHS's policies, procedures, and
actions with respect to the appropriate handling of select agents and other
serious pathogens," wrote the lawmakers.

While further investigations are underway at HHS, the senators requested
additional details from Secretary Burwell regarding the recent smallpox
discovery and cross-contamination of influenza samples. Previously, Harkin,
Alexander, and Senators Richard Burr (R-NC) and Bob Casey (D-PA) wrote to CDC
Director Thomas Frieden requesting information from the agency about the lapse
in safety protocols that led to the potential anthrax exposure.

The letter was signed by HELP Committee Senators Casey and Burr, along with
Senators Barbara A. Mikulski (D-MD), Michael Enzi (R-WY), Patty Murray (D-WA),
Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Bernard Sanders (I-VT), Orrin Hatch (R-UT), Kay Hagan
(D-NC), Pat Roberts (R-KS), Al Franken (D-MN), Mark Kirk (R-IL), Michael Bennet
(D-CO), Tim Scott (R-SC), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI),
Christopher Murphy (D-CT), and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). The text is below and
can also be seen here.

The Honorable Sylvia Burwell

Secretary

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

200 Independence Avenue, SW

Washington, DC 20201

Dear Secretary Burwell:

As members of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP)
Committee, we are writing with concerns and questions about three separate and
deeply troubling incidents in which samples of select agents, highly dangerous
pathogens, were reportedly improperly handled, stored, or transferred by Federal
laboratories at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The discovery
of  smallpox vials on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Bethesda,
Maryland, campus, in addition to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) anthrax incident last month and today's report of earlier
cross-contamination of highly pathogenic influenza samples that were transferred
to a laboratory at the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
necessitates a serious and careful review of HHS's policies, procedures, and
actions with respect to the appropriate handling of select agents and other
serious pathogens.

First, on Thursday, June 19th, we learned that bioterrorism researchers at CDC
discovered that on June 6th they had mistakenly sent live anthrax specimens to
two labs at lower biosafety levels at the agency, instead of what they thought
were deactivated, and therefore less serious, samples. Members of this Committee
wrote a letter to CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden on June 23rd asking for more
information on that incident. Today we were notified of steps CDC is taking in
the wake of this incident, and we look forward to closely examining CDC's
findings and plans for addressing this issue.

Next, on Tuesday, July 8th, we were notified that NIH employees discovered vials
labeled "variola" in an unused portion of a storage room at a Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) laboratory on the NIH campus. This discovery raises serious
concerns about how and why these vials came to be located in the laboratory,
reportedly for decades, as well as the potential safety and security threats
posed to staff at the NIH campus and to the general public by the presence of
samples of such a serious Tier 1 select agent. It is our understanding that this
laboratory was transferred from the NIH to the FDA in 1972 in conjunction with
the transfer of authority for regulating biologic products. The discovery of the
presence of smallpox vials was made on July 1, 2014, and the Division of Select
Agents and Toxins at the CDC was notified and the vials were secured in a
CDC-registered select agent laboratory in Bethesda. On July 7, in coordination
with federal and local law enforcement agencies, the vials were transported to
CDC's high-containment laboratory in Atlanta, Georgia, where the presence of
variola virus DNA was confirmed. We understand that CDC is conducting further
tests to determine whether the samples are viable, after which they will be
destroyed. The World Health Organization (WHO) was notified of the discovery
pursuant to international agreements, and, should further testing reveal that
viable smallpox is present, will also be invited to witness the destruction of
the smallpox materials.

Finally, today we became aware that in May a CDC laboratory transferred an
influenza sample to a laboratory at the USDA that was contaminated with H5N1, a
highly virulent strain of avian influenza. Furthermore, we learned that proper
reporting protocols were not followed in the wake of that incident.

We understand that there are investigations underway to ascertain exactly how
the smallpox samples were originally prepared and came to be stored and held at
that specific laboratory, as well as to establish the process that resulted in
the transfer of a contaminated pathogen sample to a USDA laboratory from a CDC
laboratory. We look forward to reviewing the full reports and findings once
these investigations are complete. In the interim, we have several questions to
which we would appreciate your prompt and detailed response.

1)      CDC's Select Agent Program plays a critical role in ensuring the safety
and security of select agent research and handling, such as with smallpox,
anthrax, and avian influenza virus, as a comprehensive approach to ensuring the
safety of the American people.  Please explain what actions the CDC's Select
Agent Program plans to take to review current program policies and procedures
with respect to the identification, transfer, and possession of select agents in
light of the recent developments, including any steps identified as necessary to
improve biosafety and security at the CDC laboratories.

2)      Please provide a timeline of the events and circumstances that led to
the discovery of the smallpox samples and their transport and subsequent testing
at the high-containment laboratory in Atlanta, with as much detail as is
available.

3)      Please provide a detailed overview of the actions you and the agencies
within your department are taking in response to the smallpox discovery,
including any plans for a broader inventory of HHS' laboratories. If the
Department does not intend to carry out such an inventory please explain when
the last such inventory occurred and why the Department does not believe another
such inventory is necessary in light of the recent unexpected smallpox samples.

4)      Please provide a list of which agencies will be involved in the smallpox
investigation and the role they will play to determine how the samples were
prepared and stored at the laboratory.

5)      Other unlabeled and ambiguously labeled vials were found along with
those labeled as variola. Have the contents of those vials been tested and
identified?  Please identify any additional select agents or other pathogens
found in the unlabeled and ambiguously labeled vials and corresponding actions
taken.

6)      In what condition were the smallpox vials discovered? Is there evidence
that any of the vials labeled variola or otherwise were breached? If yes, please
describe the manner of such breach and the response to ensure the safety and
security of the vials.

7)      What were the exact events that led to the transfer of a sample
contaminated with H5N1 to a USDA laboratory from a CDC laboratory? What was the
timeline of reporting this incident within HHS and USDA, between agencies, and
to officials outside of the agencies?

We look forward to a continued dialogue with you to ensure that our nation's
laboratories engaged in research to protect public health remain safe and
secure.

For further information please visit: http://www.help.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Washington: HELP Committee Senators to HHS: Mishandling of Dangerous Pathogens
Calls for Review of Policies and Procedures

LENGTH: 1495  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, & Pensions, US Government has
issued the following news release:

Members of the U.S. Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP)
Committee, led by Chairman Tom Harkin (D-IA) and Ranking Member Lamar Alexander
(R-TN), are pressing for answers following three separate incidents in which
select agents were reportedly improperly handled, stored, or transferred by
federal laboratories at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). In a
letter sent to HHS Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell today, the lawmakers called
for a careful review of policies, procedures, and actions.  The HHS agencies
involved in the three incidents, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA),
the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC), are overseen by the Senate HELP Committee.

"The discovery of smallpox vials on the National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Bethesda, Maryland, campus, in addition to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) anthrax incident last month and today's report of earlier
cross-contamination of highly pathogenic influenza samples that were transferred
to a laboratory at the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
necessitates a serious and careful review of HHS's policies, procedures, and
actions with respect to the appropriate handling of select agents and other
serious pathogens," wrote the lawmakers.

While further investigations are underway at HHS, the senators requested
additional details from Secretary Burwell regarding the recent smallpox
discovery and cross-contamination of influenza samples. Previously, Harkin,
Alexander, and Senators Richard Burr (R-NC) and Bob Casey (D-PA) wrote to CDC
Director Thomas Frieden requesting information from the agency about the lapse
in safety protocols that led to the potential anthrax exposure.

The letter was signed by HELP Committee Senators Casey and Burr, along with
Senators Barbara A. Mikulski (D-MD), Michael Enzi (R-WY), Patty Murray (D-WA),
Bernard Sanders (I-VT), Johnny Isakson (R-GA), Orrin Hatch (R-UT), Kay Hagan
(D-NC), Pat Roberts (R-KS), Al Franken (D-MN), Mark Kirk (R-IL), Michael Bennet
(D-CO), Tim Scott (R-SC), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-RI), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI),
Christopher Murphy (D-CT), and Elizabeth Warren (D-MA). The text is below and
can also be seen here.

The Honorable Sylvia Burwell

Secretary

U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

200 Independence Avenue, SW

Washington, DC 20201

Dear Secretary Burwell:

As members of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions (HELP)
Committee, we are writing with concerns and questions about three separate and
deeply troubling incidents in which samples of select agents, highly dangerous
pathogens, were reportedly improperly handled, stored, or transferred by Federal
laboratories at the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The discovery
of  smallpox vials on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Bethesda,
Maryland, campus, in addition to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC) anthrax incident last month and today's report of earlier
cross-contamination of highly pathogenic influenza samples that were transferred
to a laboratory at the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
necessitates a serious and careful review of HHS's policies, procedures, and
actions with respect to the appropriate handling of select agents and other
serious pathogens.

First, on Thursday, June 19th, we learned that bioterrorism researchers at CDC
discovered that on June 6th they had mistakenly sent live anthrax specimens to
two labs at lower biosafety levels at the agency, instead of what they thought
were deactivated, and therefore less serious, samples. Members of this Committee
wrote a letter to CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden on June 23rd asking for more
information on that incident. Today we were notified of steps CDC is taking in
the wake of this incident, and we look forward to closely examining CDC's
findings and plans for addressing this issue.

Next, on Tuesday, July 8th, we were notified that NIH employees discovered vials
labeled "variola" in an unused portion of a storage room at a Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) laboratory on the NIH campus. This discovery raises serious
concerns about how and why these vials came to be located in the laboratory,
reportedly for decades, as well as the potential safety and security threats
posed to staff at the NIH campus and to the general public by the presence of
samples of such a serious Tier 1 select agent. It is our understanding that this
laboratory was transferred from the NIH to the FDA in 1972 in conjunction with
the transfer of authority for regulating biologic products. The discovery of the
presence of smallpox vials was made on July 1, 2014, and the Division of Select
Agents and Toxins at the CDC was notified and the vials were secured in a
CDC-registered select agent laboratory in Bethesda. On July 7, in coordination
with federal and local law enforcement agencies, the vials were transported to
CDC's high-containment laboratory in Atlanta, Georgia, where the presence of
variola virus DNA was confirmed. We understand that CDC is conducting further
tests to determine whether the samples are viable, after which they will be
destroyed. The World Health Organization (WHO) was notified of the discovery
pursuant to international agreements, and, should further testing reveal that
viable smallpox is present, will also be invited to witness the destruction of
the smallpox materials.

Finally, today we became aware that in May a CDC laboratory transferred an
influenza sample to a laboratory at the USDA that was contaminated with H5N1, a
highly virulent strain of avian influenza. Furthermore, we learned that proper
reporting protocols were not followed in the wake of that incident.

We understand that there are investigations underway to ascertain exactly how
the smallpox samples were originally prepared and came to be stored and held at
that specific laboratory, as well as to establish the process that resulted in
the transfer of a contaminated pathogen sample to a USDA laboratory from a CDC
laboratory. We look forward to reviewing the full reports and findings once
these investigations are complete. In the interim, we have several questions to
which we would appreciate your prompt and detailed response.

1)      CDC's Select Agent Program plays a critical role in ensuring the safety
and security of select agent research and handling, such as with smallpox,
anthrax, and avian influenza virus, as a comprehensive approach to ensuring the
safety of the American people.  Please explain what actions the CDC's Select
Agent Program plans to take to review current program policies and procedures
with respect to the identification, transfer, and possession of select agents in
light of the recent developments, including any steps identified as necessary to
improve biosafety and security at the CDC laboratories.

2)      Please provide a timeline of the events and circumstances that led to
the discovery of the smallpox samples and their transport and subsequent testing
at the high-containment laboratory in Atlanta, with as much detail as is
available.

3)      Please provide a detailed overview of the actions you and the agencies
within your department are taking in response to the smallpox discovery,
including any plans for a broader inventory of HHS' laboratories. If the
Department does not intend to carry out such an inventory please explain when
the last such inventory occurred and why the Department does not believe another
such inventory is necessary in light of the recent unexpected smallpox samples.

4)      Please provide a list of which agencies will be involved in the smallpox
investigation and the role they will play to determine how the samples were
prepared and stored at the laboratory.

5)      Other unlabeled and ambiguously labeled vials were found along with
those labeled as variola. Have the contents of those vials been tested and
identified?  Please identify any additional select agents or other pathogens
found in the unlabeled and ambiguously labeled vials and corresponding actions
taken.

6)      In what condition were the smallpox vials discovered? Is there evidence
that any of the vials labeled variola or otherwise were breached? If yes, please
describe the manner of such breach and the response to ensure the safety and
security of the vials.

7)      What were the exact events that led to the transfer of a sample
contaminated with H5N1 to a USDA laboratory from a CDC laboratory? What was the
timeline of reporting this incident within HHS and USDA, between agencies, and
to officials outside of the agencies?

We look forward to a continued dialogue with you to ensure that our nation's
laboratories engaged in research to protect public health remain safe and
secure.

For further information please visit: http://www.help.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                                 March 25, 2008

North Carolina legislators react to expulsion of lawmaker

BYLINE: The Mecklenburg Times Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1666  words


A lawmaker accused of mishandling $340,000 in loans and contributions was
removed from office by an overwhelming vote Thursday, the first expulsion of a
member from North Carolina's General Assembly in 128 years.

The House voted 109-5 to boot Rep. Thomas Wright, a Wilmington Democrat who was
immediately escorted from the chamber by the House sergeants-at-arms.

All members of the Mecklenburg County delegation to the House voted with the
majority to remove Wright and several of them talked with The Mecklenburg Times
later about the significance of the vote and the way it was handled.

All agreed Wright's expulsion was handled appropriately, smoothly and in a
bipartisan manner. But they voiced a range of thoughts about what the House
action boded for the future.

"I commend the House leadership for dealing with this serious misconduct by an
elected official," said Rep. Tricia Ann Cotham, D-Charlotte. "As elected
officials, we must work hard every day to earn and maintain the people's trust.
"

Rep. Jim Gulley, R-Matthews, agreed. "It was handled very well," he said,
singling out for praise Rep. Rick Glazier, D-Fayetteville, who chaired the
select committee to investigate Wright; House Speaker Joe Hackney, D-Chapel
Hill; and House Minority Leader Paul Stam, R-Apex. "It's the way things should
work," Gully added.

After Jim Black

Only about a dozen lawmakers have been booted from office in state history going
back to Colonial times, the most recent being Rep. Josiah Turner in 1880.

The last to face major ethics accusations, former House Speaker Jim Black,
D-Matthews, chose to resign last year before prosecutors closed in during a
corruption investigation that ultimately sent him to federal prison.

The issue of Black's legacy hits close to home for Mecklenburg County's
delegation.

Gulley noted the disparity in the reaction to the criminal allegations against
the two prominent members of the House.

"House members knew of many of Mr. Black's illegal actions, but chose to look
the other way and, yes, even endorse those actions," he said. "People were
afraid of his power, fearful for their own positions if they condemned him. Now
it seems that the majority of the House members are willing to stand for ethical
behavior. "

That perceived change in attitude may stem from both the daunting power of the
former speaker and the new atmosphere that has since arisen.

"I personally believe the House failed to act appropriately with Speaker Black,"
said Rep. Thom Tillis, R-Huntersville. "Black should have been subject to the
same process. But keep in mind that much of the process and expectations around
(Wright's expulsion) rose out of Black's misdeeds. "

Rep. Ruth Samuelson, R-Charlotte, joined the House in 2007, just as Black was
falling from power. She feels his demise was a turning point.

"I thought about this the other night," she said. "There is a sense of people
taking their blinders off. "

She also noted a major difference in the way the cases developed. While there
had been allegations against Black for some time, the most compelling evidence
against him "didn't come to light until later. "

More corruption

State Republican Party Chairman Linda Daves of Charlotte issued a strongly
worded statement Thursday, applauding Wright's removal but condemning the
environment in which his alleged corruption occurred.

"While I am glad to see that the General Assembly has taken appropriate action
in this matter," she said, "I am sad that it has come to this. "

"This is a scene that was previously thought impossible in our state," Daves
said. "However, as more and more corruption is uncovered in state government,
each new episode becomes emblematic of a widespread culture of corruption that
has been allowed to fester in our state's capital. "

She placed blame squarely in the other party's lap: "I fear ... that as long as
entrenched Democrat incumbents continue to rule Raleigh with an iron fist, the
culture of corruption will remain there as well. "

While agreeing with some of their state party leader's observations, Republican
members of the Mecklenburg delegation were generally more circumspect.

Samuelson said she's not interested in looking for additional corruption, and
hasn't seen evidence of it, though she's "sure that the possibility of it being
there exists. "

"If you get enough people together, there's going to be sin and corruption," she
said.

She believes the action against Wright may serve as a deterrent. "I would hope
that it would be a warning to others who may be tempted to take their
responsibilities as House members lightly," she said.

Tillis hopes lawmakers' consciences will get the better of them if any others
are involved in wrongdoing. "I cannot say whether other legislators may be
involved in similar activity," he said, "but I would say that, if they are, I
would encourage them to resign and to answer for the consequences of their lapse
of judgment. "

Gulley believes corruption isn't necessarily widespread, but expressed concern
about the impact of a few "bad apples. " "When you have them, they really take
the spotlight," he observed.

"I believe that the majority of the representatives are honest," Gulley added.
"The problem arises when too much power is concentrated in the hands of a few. "

Needed reforms

Before the wave of criminal allegations that drove Black from office arose in
late 2006, he faced a number of ethical complaints that prompted a wave of
reforms, especially to campaign finance rules.

Unfortunately, it's alleged fund mishandling that has now landed Wright in hot
water. And it was claims that Black was involved in redistributing bribes he
solicited to those who supported him on key items that helped bring him down.

These episodes have raised questions about just how effective recent reforms
have been, and whether substantially different measures are needed to get the
House in order.

"I know I've seen some people talking about putting forth bills to deal with
some of the things Wright did with charitable contributions," Samuelson said.
"I'm not sure that gets at the heart of the matter. "

Gulley said he believes the Ethics Committee set up under Black enacted measures
that only generate more confusion. Citing the biblical quote about hypocrisy,
Gulley suggested the recent "reforms" have "strained at a gnat and swallowed a
camel. " He hopes new measures will be "more transparent. "

"Let's go back to the Ethics Committee," he said, "and do things that have real
meaning. Let's go back to our state motto, 'To be, rather than to seem. ' "

While downplaying individual corruption, Gulley is quite concerned with a
corrupt system. "The Legislature is extremely partisan," he said. "This needs to
change dramatically. "

In Daves' statement reacting to the expulsion, she called on Democrats to change
their approach to ethics reform.

"I am optimistic that this latest scandal will finally motivate the Democrat
leadership to work with Republicans to pass real, meaningful ethics reform in
this year's session of the General Assembly," she said.

Responding to her remarks, Gulley pointed to a number of specific areas of
concern. "Districts are gerrymandered to give one or the other party control,"
he said. "Good bills from one party are hijacked by the other to gain favorable
publicity. Bills that are good for the state are sent to (the Rules Committee),
never to see the light of day again. Floaters can squash a bill at will in a
committee that has spent weeks making the bill ready for debate on the floor.

"Budgets have pork barrel and designated funds such as transportation and
retirement are often raided. Most important is that we know where the money is
coming from, the impact that fees and taxes have on our citizens. Then, we must
keep a tight rein on where the money is going, getting the biggest bang for a
buck.

"We must change our mindset to do what is good for the people of North Carolina,
not what is good for one party or two or three legislators," Gulley said.

Samuelson was not optimistic about meaningful changes this year. "It's an
election year, so both sides will do whatever they think will help them get
re-elected," she said.

Future of the House

Reflecting on Thursday's vote, Gulley suggested it should be a wakeup call to
North Carolina citizens. "I hope it lets people know that (they) need to look
into the workings of state politics," he said. "This has been a bad four or five
years, maybe 10 years. "

But he does see a window of opportunity to correct abuses. "I am hopeful that
members of the House and Senate will begin to face evidence of corruption
head-on and not pretend they don't see it," Gulley said.

Tillis had similar thoughts. "I hope it sets an expectation that the House will
not tolerate situations like this one and I hope it will prompt legislators to
move even more quickly to address situations like this one in the future," he
said.

Cotham, who was appointed to replace Black, arrived in the House only after his
departure. She hopes situations like these will not become the focus of
legislators' attention.

"Now it is time to turn our attention to the important work of improving our
schools, providing affordable healthcare, creating a strong economy and keeping
our communities safe," she said.

Tillis voiced similar sentiments. "Every minute the Legislature must spend
tending to these matters is another minute we cannot spend serving the citizens
of North Carolina," he said.

"Thursday's special session alone cost tens of thousands of dollars and
thousands of hours of resources for something that did not help the problems we
have with transportation, education and taxes, to name just a few. "

The Times also attempted to contact the other members of the Mecklenburg County
delegation to the state House, Martha Alexander, Becky Carney, Beverly Earle,
Ric Killian and Drew Saunders, but they did not respond in time for any comments
to be included in this edition.

Mecklenburg Times editor Frank Taylor Jr. and the Associated Press contributed
to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 31, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

Back Channels: The Intelligence Community; Spy-Probe Critic's First Contact

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 751 words



Several days after Energy Secretary Bill Richardson recommended disciplinary
action against Robert S. Vrooman for mishandling the Wen Ho Lee espionage case
at Los Alamos National Laboratory, the lab's former counterintelligence chief
fired back by saying the case was "built on thin air."

Some saw his remarks as self-serving, an attempt to deflect blame onto others
once he'd been held accountable. But long before Richardson's move against him,
Vrooman expressed similar sentiments in a May 11 letter to his home-state
senator, Conrad Burns (R-Mont.), noting that he found the tone of hearings into
the Los Alamos case by the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee "very
upsetting."

"Senator [Frank H.] Murkowski [R-Alaska] implied that the Los Alamos National
Laboratory should have fired or removed Mr. Lee from access as soon as he was
suspected of espionage," Vrooman wrote. "He suggested that Los Alamos did not
take the Lee case seriously until it was leaked to the New York Times. The
answer to this allegation is brutally simple. The Administrative Inquiry (AI)
done by [Notra] Trulock's staff at DOE that identified Lee as a suspect was
seriously flawed and lacked intellectual rigor. There was no evidence in this AI
that Lee had passed any classified information to the Chinese.

"In the late 19th century Alfred Dreyfus, a Jewish French artillery officer, was
accused of espionage. The evidence was weak but he was convicted. His conviction
included a mass media campaign, which divided France. The Dreyfus affair was the
prelude to the horrible anti-Semitism of the 20th century. It is my hope that
the Lee affair is not the prelude to a 21st century that includes rampant
anti-Chinese racism."

SECURITY.COM: Spying isn't the only way to obtain information about security at
Los Alamos. In 1995, a group of Los Alamos computer specialists presented a
paper at a supercomputing convention in San Diego about a computer security
program in use at the nuclear weapons lab called UNICORN.

"UNICORN summarizes user activity and system configuration information in
statistical profiles," the paper states. "In near real-time, it can compare
current activity to historical profiles and test activity against expert rules
that express our security policy and define improper or suspicious behavior. It
reports suspicious behavior to security auditors and provides tolls to aid in
follow-up investigations."

For more information, go to http://www.chg.ru, where the paper is posted on the
Internet. The site belongs to the Russian Academy of Sciences' Scientific Center
in Chernogolovka.

THE DECLASSIFIEDS: Ever since the CIA embarked on a voluntary declassification
program for historical documents back in 1992, the agency has declassified more
than 1,000 documents about the Soviet Union. The papers include everything from
a 1953 tome on the Soviet food-canning industry to a 1984 national intelligence
estimate with a thriller title, "The Soviet Approach to Nuclear Winter."

But the agency may have done something even more valuable in recent weeks to aid
Cold War scholars: It published lists of the declassified documents on its Web
site.

The lists themselves make fascinating reading, revealing the depth of CIA
scholarship into the communist empire. Some highlights, by year:


* 1947: "The Consequences of the Partition of Palestine"


* 1950: "The Crisis in Indochina"


* 1965: "Soviet Politics After Khrushchev"


* 1974: "Estimated Military Assistance to Arab Belligerents"

Steven Aftergood, director of the project on government secrecy at the
Federation of American Scientists, lauds publication of the lists but wonders
about the exact meaning of what the CIA calls its "voluntary" declassification
program. A 1995 executive order signed by President Clinton requires
declassification of information older than 25 years and other documents that no
longer need to be kept secret.

"They are adhering to an increasingly self-serving standard, which keeps a lot
of stuff unnecessarily classified," Aftergood said.

CIA spokesman Mark Mansfield responded that "no other nation's foreign
intelligence agency has voluntarily released as much information about its past
as has the CIA. Within the limitations imposed upon the director of central
intelligence by law to protect intelligence sources and methods . . . we will
build upon that record in the years ahead."

Vernon Loeb's e-mail address is loebvwashpost.com




LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Slow start for Anger;
Jags punter looks to shake mild slump

BYLINE: Hays Carlyon

SECTION: Pg. C-6

LENGTH: 454 words


Fair or not, expectations on Jaguars punter Bryan Anger will always be elevated.
After all, he was selected in the third round of the 2012 draft (70th overall).
Not since 1995, when Chicago took Todd Sauerbrun in the second round, had a
punter been drafted so high.

Players like Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson, Indianapolis receiver T.Y.
Hilton and Washington running back Alfred Morris were still on the board when
former Jaguars general manager Gene Smith chose Anger.

Now, halfway through his second season Anger is dealing with a mild sophomore
slump. His punting average is down a full yard from his rookie campaign. Anger
has punted 47 times for a 46.8 average this season for the 0-8 Jaguars, who are
on a bye this week.

"It doesn't affect me at all," Anger said of his draft position.

"Everybody's equal once you're in the league punting. All the pressure outside,
I just ignore it. It's really nothing unless you make something out of it."

Anger's net average is up at 41.3 yards from 40.8 last season. However, his net
average has been under 40 yards in the last two games.

"It's been a little bit of a slow start," Anger said. "I've had some
inconsistent games. I'm not quite 100 percent where I want to be. I've just been
ironing some things out."

Anger's numbers are solid, but far from spectacular, when compared to the rest
of the league. He ranks ninth in average and is tied for ninth in net.

"He's starting to get where he's feeling more comfortable," Jaguars coach Gus
Bradley said. "I talked to him last week before the game, and I think he had
some areas in the beginning of the season where he had some inconsistencies.
He's really worked at those things, and now he's feeling more comfortable and
more consistent."

One area that Anger will look to improve upon in the season's second half is
pinning opponents deep in their own territory. He has 12 punts inside the
opponent's 20-yard line, but only three of those came to rest inside the 10. Six
of the 12 ended up with the opponent at its 15-yard line or in better position.

"We're always looking to get them backed up like that," Bradley said.

Anger's total of 12 punts inside the 20 ranks in a tie for 15th in the league.
The last two weeks, he's had chances to pin the opposing offense and hasn't
delivered. Against San Diego, Anger punted from the Chargers' 43-yard line for a
touchback. This past Sunday against the 49ers, he recorded another touchback
punting from the San Francisco 49. He had one touchback in the first six games
of the season.

"Overall, it's been going pretty well," Anger said. "The last couple games we've
had a touchback each game. But before that, we had a one touchback in 40 punts,
so that's not bad."

Hays Carlyon: (904) 359-4377

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Jack Dempsey Associated Press Jaguars punter and holder Bryan Anger (center)
runs after mishandling the snap on a field-goal try by Josh Scobee (right) on
Oct. 13 against the Broncos in Denver.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             June 11, 1996, Tuesday

Buoyant Clinton brushes off FBI affair

BYLINE: RUPERT CORNWELL Washington

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Page  8

LENGTH: 505 words


Brushing off a storm of criticism over White House mishandling of confidential
FBI personnel files, President Clinton yesterday carried his buoyant re-
election campaign to the California border city of San Diego.

The latest election year embarrassment for Mr Clinton blossomed at the weekend,
with the revelation that in late 1993 his administration obtained FBI files on
341 people, many of them prominent Republicans - apparently as part of a review
of individuals with entry passes to the White House.  Although the exercise was
halted after a few months, the files were only recently returned, after they
were discovered in a White House vault.

The White House response has been to grovel, as Chief of Staff Leon Panetta
apologised for what he termed an "inexcusable mistake" that was put right as
soon as it came to light and the President talked of an "honest bureaucratic
snafu" by a civilian Pentagon investigator on temporary secondment.

But in an election year, these excuses are unlikely to keep at bay a Republican
Party for whom White House ethics and the "character" issue probably offer the
best chance of victory this November for its future nominee Bob Dole. "It smells
to high heaven," said Mr Dole, who has called for hearings into the affair.

How much mileage they can extract from it is unclear. Although the files are
highly sensitive, containing background material running to 20 pages compiled by
the FBI on people in public office, the White House appears to have progressed
no further through the alphabetically ordered list than the letter G - including
such luminaries as the former Secretary of State James Baker but hardly
suggestive of a comprehensive search to discredit potential opponents.

And although few deeds by the White House raise more hackles among the press and
rival politicians than misuse of the FBI, public opinion here may be no more
impressed by the latest controversy than it has by three years of Whitewater and
other allegations of skulduggery.

Polls, for instance, show that less than 20 per cent of Americans regard
Whitewater as a "very important" matter. Sundry other Congressional probes may
titillate the Washington cognoscenti, but they leave the general populace stone
cold.

However, the fewer the chinks in Mr Clinton's policy armour, the more
Republicans will turn to the ethics issue to fight their way back into a contest
whose dynamics are illustrated by the President's current trip to California.

Once again Mr Clinton is stealing Republican clothes, stressing his concern over
illegal immigration across the Mexican border, and boasting of the sharp
decrease in serious crime, not only in Southern California but a host of large
American cities.

And the policy is paying off. As Mr Dole signally fails to capture the country's
imagination, the President continues to enjoy a 20-point lead in California, and
is ahead in other western states he won in 1992, including Washington, Oregon,
Colorado and New Mexico.


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 12, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Harvard Fined $2,500 By Nuclear Agency

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: KING OF PRUSSIA, Pa., June 11


Harvard University has been fined $2,500 by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission
for mishandling radioactive materials and posing what the agency said was
potential danger in three Massachusetts communities.

No one was harmed by the incidents at university sites in Boston and Cambridge
and Southboro, Mass. But the commission said in announcing the fine Tuesday that
the violations were ''of particular concern because they could have resulted in
unnecessary radiation exposure to individuals.''

A commission spokesman said some radioactive materials were shipped in garbage
cans without secure lids and that some rooms at the Harvard Medical School had
been contaminated with radioactivity. The commission said the university had 30
days to either pay the fine or protest the citations.

A Harvard spokesman, Peter Costa, said the school would pay the fine.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 21, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Settlement Reached on Port Royal, Clearing Way for Foreclosure Sale

BYLINE: By Wendy Swallow, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Real Estate; E1

LENGTH: 877 words


A settlement reached last week between Mount Vernon Savings & Loan Association
and the developers of the Port Royal Condominiums in Alexandria has cleared the
way for a foreclosure sale of the remaining unsold units at Port Royal.

The impending sale has virtually eliminated the possibility that any of the
unsecured creditors in Port Royal's bankruptcy proceeding will recover much more
than small change.

Officials for Port Royal Development Corp. filed under Chapter 11 of the
bankruptcy code last April, after having defaulted on their loans with Mount
Vernon and voluntarily giving up their license to sell condos in the face of an
investigation by the Virginia Real Estate Commission. The bankruptcy filing came
just minutes before Mount Vernon -- the lead lender for the condominium project
and holder of two loans totaling $10.8 million -- was scheduled to auction the
property.

Officials from Port Royal and the S&L refused to comment on the details of the
settlement. However, John W. Guinee Jr., the court-appointed trustee for the
case, said that eight individuals who had guaranteed the loans personally agreed
to pay $2.75 million in addition to allowing the S&L to foreclose on the
property.

Guinee said three weeks ago that the company and the bank were negotiating over
how to cover the $2 million to $4 million shortfall between the outstanding
loans on Port Royal and the value of the property. He said that the guarantors
-- who included President Eugene Lawson, Secretary-Treasurer Charles H. Schools,
William and Jayne Plank, George and Ruth Broumas, and Edwin and Esther Davis --
agreed to the payment in the form of an interest-bearing loan from Mount Vernon,
amortized over 20 years and with a seven-year balloon.

Mount Vernon had asked the bankruptcy court several months ago to lift the usual
protection it grants the debtor during bankruptcy proceedings so that the S&L
could move ahead with foreclosure. Guinee said that, in light of the settlement,
he decided to recommend such an action by the court.

The court lifted the stay against Mount Vernon last week, and the property,
which includes 13 commercial and 129 residential units in the high-rise
condominium on North Pitt Street, is scheduled to be auctioned Wednesday on the
steps of the Alexandria Courthouse. Guinee said that Mount Vernon is expected to
purchase the property.

At a meeting for the unsecured creditors last Tuesday, however, Guinee also said
there is little likelihood that any of them will receive much from the ongoing
bankruptcy proceeding. According to Port Royal's statement of financial affairs,
26 unsecured creditors are owed a total of $255,707 in addition to $73,728 in
outstanding real estate property taxes owed to the City of Alexandria.

Guinee said that he would continue the bankruptcy case in an effort to recover
roughly $20,000 in tax payments believed to be in escrow accounts set up by Port
Royal officials and $66,471 transferred from Port Royal to American Homecrafters
Ltd., a McLean firm that is a 90 percent shareholder in Port Royal and the
parent company.

Guinee said he sent a letter to American Homecrafters several weeks ago
demanding the return of the funds, but that he had not gotten a response.

Lawson and Schools admitted mishandling funds when they gave up the company's
license to sell condos at Port Royal in March, including having failed to
maintain a separate escrow account for the funds of the Port Royal condominium
association, having failed to pay assessments to the condo association on unsold
units and having failed to file a bond to ensure payment of the assessments.

The Virginia Real Estate Commission turned over its findings to the Commonwealth
Attorney's Office, which is conducting a criminal investigation of Port Royal
Development's activities.

Two unsecured creditors were represented at the meeting, Westinghouse Elevator
Co. of Upper Marlboro, Md., and J. E. Robert Co., the management company hired
by the bank to run the building and represent the condominium association.
Westinghouse lawyer Ellen Mills said the company was owed roughly $10,000, but
she refused to comment in the case.

Of particular concern to the owners of units at Port Royal are the $152,155 in
condo fees on unsold units that were not paid to the association by the
developer over the past six months.

"Because the city's claim must be paid first, probably everything I could drum
up from other sources in the estate would go toward paying the outstanding
taxes," Guinee said. "I doubt there will be much left over, if anything, for the
other creditors."

Residents at Port Royal organized their own independent group several months ago
to represent their concerns, because control of the condominium association is
still in the hands of the company until the foreclosure, after which time it
would pass to Mount Vernon if the S&L purchases the property.

"There is concern among the owners, but we're evaluating various alternatives
with the bank to minimize the impact" of being unable to recover the missing
condo fees, said Robert Fink, president of Port Royal Owners and Co. "We've
established a very good relationship with the bank and expect that the majority
of the problems can be worked out."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 11, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: In a July 21 article on the Port Royal Development Corp., The
Washington Post referred to admissions of mishandling of funds when the
corporation gave up its license to sell condominiums in March. The admissions
were contained in a consent agreement with the Virginia Real Estate Commission
and referred solely to the conduct of the corporation, not of the individual
officers -- Eugene M. Lawson and Charles H. Schools -- who signed and attested
the agreement on behalf of the corporation.

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            February 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

RECORDKEEPING AT CEMETERY HIT

BYLINE: Compiled from news services

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 530 words


WASHINGTON -- Antiquated paper recordkeeping and lack of oversight led to the
mishandling of dozens of remains at the nation's most important military burial
ground, according to a three-month review of Arlington National Cemetery's
operations by a consortium of technology companies.

The cemetery must digitize its records, improve its scheduling system and
establish a rigorous chain of custody for remains as they move from funeral
homes to burial, the report by the Northern Virginia Technology Council said.

Walking-memory study

NEW YORK -- Walking three times a week may improve memory in older adults and
help prevent mental decline as people age, a study by U.S. researchers found.

The study of adults ages 55 and older found a 2 percent expansion of the
hippocampus, the brain's memory processor that can shrink during middle age, in
those who walked 40 minutes, three times a week, for a year. The findings were
reported Monday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.

Bullying suspects arrested

UPPER DARBY, Pa. -- Six Upper Darby High School students, ranging from 13 to 17
years old, were arrested Monday at school for what township police
Superintendent Michael Chitwood called a "heinous" act of bullying earlier in
January that was caught on camera.

The teens have been charged with kidnapping, unlawful restraint and related
offenses for dragging a 13-year-old student through the snow, tossing him in a
tree and hanging him by his coat on a metal fence post. Police are searching for
one more youth who they think was involved.

Upper Darby is a suburb just west of Philadelphia.

Lesbian students cheered

CHAMPLIN, Minn. -- Two lesbian high school students who fought for the right to
walk together as part of a royalty court made their entrances Monday to the
cheers of hundreds of classmates.

Sarah Lindstrom and Desiree Shelton wore matching black suits with pink ties and
held hands as they entered the Snow Days Pep Fest at Champlin Park High School
in Minneapolis' northwest suburbs.

The school district has been stung by criticism of its policies toward
homosexuality and the alleged bullying of a gay student who killed himself.

Prison guard's slaying

SEATTLE -- An inmate suspected of strangling a female guard with a microphone
cord in a prison chapel during an escape attempt is a rapist who once doused a
woman in gasoline and set her on fire, raising more questions about why the
officer was alone and unarmed at the time of the attack.

Two days after the death of 34-year-old Jayme Biendl, Gov. Chris Gregoire and
the head of the state corrections department called for an outside investigation
focused on whether there is adequate staff at the medium-security reformatory
unit of the Monroe Correctional Complex about 30 miles northeast of Seattle.

The suspect, Byron Scherf, had earned a spot as a chapel volunteer through more
than a decade of good behavior.

Also in the nation

Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn on Monday signed into law a measure legalizing civil
unions for same-sex couples for the first time in the state. ... The nation's
largest tax preparation company, H&R Block, agreed Monday to improve its
services for deaf and hard-of-hearing people.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     August 15, 2000 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

PROSECUTORS SAY DEMOTED LEE TRIED TO ENTER SECURE AREAS OF LOS ALAMOS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 620 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- A scientist charged with mishandling restricted data at Los
Alamos National Laboratory was accused Monday of repeatedly trying to enter
secure lab areas after his access privileges were revoked.

One of those attempts occurred at 3:31 a.m. on Christmas Eve in 1998,
prosecutors said Monday in listing all additional allegations they expect to
offer at Wen Ho Lee's November trial.

They also said Lee once admitted he may have given classified information to a
Chinese scientist in the 1980s. The defense said there is no evidence Lee ever
passed anything to anyone.

The prosecution's filing contends Lee tried 16 times to re-enter a secure lab
area after his access privileges were terminated Dec. 23, 1998, including once
at 3:31 a.m. the next day.

Defense attorney John Cline declined to comment on the access allegations,
saying he had not had an opportunity to discuss them with Lee.

Lee, charged with 59 counts alleging security breaches, has insisted he never
passed secrets to anyone. And defense attorney Mark Holscher said the
prosecution filing means the government cannot produce any evidence to the
contrary. Monday was the prosecution's deadline for listing additional evidence.

New Jersey

River rises, forcing more evacuations

SPARTA, N.J. The Musconetcong River continued to rise Monday, bringing a new
round of evacuations to northwestern New Jersey two days after torrential
thunderstorms washed out bridges, roads and dams.

"The river is expected to maintain its crest peak for two to three days, so this
is far from over," said Red Cross spokeswoman Cathy Derechailo.

The agency expected evacuations in downriver areas such as Allamuchy and Byram
would bring up to 200 people to its emergency shelter at Hackettstown High
School, she said. Some residents of Hackettstown were also being evacuated.

Intermittent showers continued Sunday and Monday, adding to the misery that came
Saturday when severe storms stalled over the area, bringing about 8 to 10 inches
of rain. Earlier estimates had as much as 14 inches of rain falling.

Washington

Man ordered deported for serving the Nazis

WASHINGTON An immigration judge ruled Monday that a retired auto mechanic in New
York served the Nazis as a concentration camp guard during World War II and
ordered him deported, the Justice Department said.

Michael Gruber, 84, of New City, N.Y., had admitted serving as an armed Waffen
SS guard in Oranienburg, Germany, but denied any knowledge of the Sachsenhausen
concentration camp there, the department said.

Gruber immigrated to the United States in 1956 but is a citizen of Austria. The
government said it would seek to deport him to Austria, which must agree to
accept him.

Texas

Authorities recapture inmate who escaped

HUNTSVILLE, Texas An inmate who escaped a maximum-security prison by driving a
diesel truck through a prison fence has been recaptured after almost a week on
the lam.

Terry Rhodes and his wife, Pamela Jean Rhodes, were found Sunday hiding in dense
woods west of the Trinity River, only about 10 miles from the Wynne Unit prison.

The 31-year-old inmate had enlisted his wife's aid after the prison break
Tuesday, the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said. Rhodes worked as a
mechanic at the prison and had access to Corrections Department trucks like the
one that was stolen.

For most of six days, the pair had eluded authorities. But rural residents
spotted them about 7 p.m. Sunday and searchers then tracked them to a rugged,
sparsely populated area dotted with deer hunting camps and logging operations.

Wire reports

For the full stories, go to ContraCostaTimes.com/news/ and click on "Nation" in
the left column.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 8, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

TRAPPED IN A FRAGMENTED MENTAL HEALTH SYSTEM

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 298 words


To the Editor:


The most important reason for the mishandling of fire-setting retardate Andres
Delgado (Editorial Notebook July 30) - in a state with far more mental health
services than the country as a whole - is the fragmentation of that care: in
this case between city and state services. Caught in that interface, Delgado had
to go to jail rather than to the apparently appropriate psychiatric facility.

Such problems would not occur if state and city mental health services were
integrated, as had been done for parts of Brooklyn by the late Dr. Morton B.
Wallach, director of Brooklyn State Hospital.

Dissolving that administrative interface caused each patient to be treated by
fewer doctors. Continuity of care, with only one doctor for a patient during and
after hospitalization, was thus approached. Treatment improved and costs fell.

Unfortunately, however, the current Albany approach is to increase the
fragmentation of care, especially between inpatient and outpatient services.
More and more of the latter are being authorized. While America has about 100
psychiatric beds per 100,000 population, New York has over 200, and our
increasingly fragmented services may soon create the need for many more.  Full
continuity of care has long existed in England, where, because of decreasing
need, the number of psychiatric beds is being reduced to between 25 and 50 per
100,000 population. If New York State's mental health care were organized as
England's is, costs would be cut by more than half and treatment would be far
more effective - partly by eliminating the interfaces within which so many
Delgados get trapped.

NATHANIEL S. LEHRMAN, M.D.  Roslyn, L.I., July 31, 1984

The writer is former clinical director of Brooklyn State Hospital.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Around the Nation;
Indicted Labor Leader Is Deposed in Carolina

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 32, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: DURHAM, N.C., Sept. 19


The president of the North Carolina A.F.L.-C.I.O., who faces Federal charges of
mishandling job-training funds, was defeat ed for re-election yesterday in
Raleigh, where the State Labor F ederation was meeting.

Wilbur Hobby, 55 years old, said that, after 12 years as head of the
organization, he would reclaim his job at the American Tobacco Company here. His
trial is to be Dec. 7 in Federal District Court in Raleigh. Mr. Hobby is charged
on four counts with misapplying and fraudulently obtaining Comprehensive
Education and Training Act funds for two small printing companies. One of the
companies was run by the state A.F.L.-C.I.O.; the other was his own.

E. A. Britt, secretary-treasurer of the federation, has served acting president

National news is on pages

20, 26-38, 60, 62 and 70-77.
since Mr. Hobby's indictment. Mr. Britt was elected president yesterday.

Mr. Hobby's first successful campaign in 1969 was the product of a coalition of
tobacco workers and the Durham Central Labor Union.  In the next 12 years, Mr.
Hobby twice ran as a Democrat for Governor and once for the state legislature
from Durham. He lost all three races.

Within labor, he focussed his efforts on the textile industry. He promoted a
consumer boycott of the J.P. Stevens Company, Roanoke Rapids, N. C., where mill
and factory workers voted for representation by the Amalgamated Clothing and
Textile Workers Union. He also supported the efforts of the Carolinas Brown Lung
Association to win worker compensation for victims of dyssinosis, a lung ailment
realated to exposure to cotton dust.

The A.F.L.-C.I.O. represents 50,000 to 55,000 workers in North Carolina.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Whole Foods reaches $3.5M environmental waste settlement

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


Sept. 20--DALLAS -- Whole Foods Market Inc. has reached a $3.5 million
settlement with regulators over its improper identification or mishandling of
hazardous waste at stores.

The Environmental Protection Agency announced the fine and an agreement Tuesday
for Austin-based Whole Foods to comply with waste regulations and better train
workers.

Whole Foods Market Inc. said the matter often involves products -- such as nail
polish remover, vitamins, liquor and cleaning items -- that are purchased,
opened, returned and then can no longer be sold and are declared waste.

The EPA said the grocer's violations were at stores in Texas, Arkansas,
Louisiana, New Mexico and Oklahoma. In a statement, Whole Foods said there was
no allegation or finding by the EPA that it improperly disposed of hazardous
wastes, but that it addressed "record keeping" with regard to hazardous waste in
its stores.

A copy of the settlement agreement said the EPA concluded that Whole Foods
"failed to make a sufficient hazardous waste determination." It said the EPA did
not identify any spills, leaks or releases at the company's facilities.

Whole Foods says it worked with the EPA and has updated operations and training,
plus improved its systems to better track such waste.

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160920-SF-Whole-Foods-reaches-3.5M-environmental-waste-settlement-0920-2016092
0

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 13, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Former Guantanamo translator is indicted

BYLINE: Fred Bayles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 408 words

DATELINE: BOSTON

BOSTON -- An Arabic translator at Guantanamo Bay who was found with copies of
hundreds of secret documents on compact discs was indicted Wednesday on charges
of lying to investigators and unauthorized possession of defense information.

Ahmed Fathy Mehalba, 31, is one of three people arrested in the fall on charges
stemming from their work with suspected terrorists at the U.S. Navy prison in
Cuba. The two others are military men who face courts-martial.


"As today's indictment makes clear, the Department of Justice will prosecute
those who jeopardize the nation's security by mishandling classified, sensitive
information important to the war on terrorism," Attorney General John Ashcroft
said.

Mehalba was working on a contractual basis for the Defense Department at
Guantanamo and helped investigators there question detainees who speak only
Arabic. Most detainees were captured during U.S. military operations in
Afghanistan and Iraq.

After a trip to his native Egypt, Mehalba returned on Sept. 29 via Logan
International Airport in Boston, where Customs agents searched his luggage and
discovered 132 compact discs.

One disc labeled "Backup #3 for MO's Profile" contained 725 government
documents. The FBI says 368 of those documents were labeled "secret" or
"secret/noforn" -- a classification that bans foreign government officials from
seeing the documents.

The indictment says Mehalba lied to Customs and FBI agents by denying he was
carrying government documents. Mehalba also denied that he understood the
meaning of a "SECRET" label on the documents found on the discs. Prosecutors say
he received several briefings in Cuba about the handling of government
documents.

However, his lawyer Michael Andrews has said Mehalba might have been unaware the
documents had been copied onto his disc.

If convicted, Mehalba faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison on the
gathering defense information charge, and five years in prison on each of the
false statements charges.

Meanwhile, Arabic translator and Air Force Senior Airman Ahmad Al-Halabi, a
Syrian-American, faces charges of espionage and aiding the enemy. His
court-martial, to be held at Travis Air Force Base in California, could send him
to prison for life.

Also charged is Muslim chaplain and Army Capt. James "Yousef" Yee. A graduate of
West Point, Yee is accused of disobeying orders by improperly handling
classified information.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 17, 2003, Wednesday

CORRECTION:  The photo that accompanied a story in Nov. 13 editions about Ahmed
Fathy Mehalba, an Arabic translator at Guantanamo Bay being indicted on federal
charges of lying to investigators and possessing defense information without
authorization, was not of Mehalba. See page 02A in 12/17/03 for picture of
Mehalba.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Getty Images; Mehalba: Defense Dept. contractor.

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 23, 1992, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

U.S. FINED TWA IN PAST FOR MISHANDLING PETS

BYLINE: Kim Bell Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 674 words


TWA WAS FINED $12,500 three years ago for violating the Animal Welfare Act
andmishandling pets, including a dozen top-grade racing greyhounds that died on
a flight from St. Louis, federal records show.  The airline is under
investigation by the U.S. Agriculture Department for its role Wednesday in the
deaths of 56 puppies, many of which may have suffocated on a flight from Kansas
City to St. Louis.  Federal officials do not keep statistics on the number of
pets that die or are injured on airplanes each year. But reports indicate that
in the last three years, pets have died on American, Continental, Delta, Pan Am,
TWA and United.  The Agriculture Department, which regulates the shipment of
animals, has sent an investigator to Kansas City and St. Louis to talk with TWA
employees about what went wrong in Wednesday's flight.  TWA spokesman Don
Fleming said Friday that he had not heard the pilot's account and did not know
what TWA's own investigators thought had happened.  Fleming said deaths of pets
in an airline's custody are rare. TWA plans to make a $2,000 contribution to the
Humane Society of Missouri in the wake of this week's incident.  A veterinary
pathologist at the University of Missouri will conduct autopsies next week on
two of the puppies, said Dr. Dennis Cloud, whose clinic in Breckenridge Hills
stabilized 25 puppies that survived the flight.  Bodies of the other 54 that
died have been destroyed.  The fine that TWA agreed to pay three years ago grew
in part from an investigation into the deaths of 12 greyhounds. Ten were dead
when their flight from St. Louis arrived in Portland, Ore., on April 29, 1987.
One survived, and two had to be euthanized after the flight landed.  TWA put the
greyhounds ''in an animal cargo area which did not have supply of air sufficient
for normal breathing,'' according to a Department of Agriculture complaint.  TWA
also was cited in three other cases for not providing good ventilation and for
accepting pets in cages that were not big enough or that did not have
instructions for food and water. The company agreed to pay the fine and maintain
a training program for its workers.  The deaths of the puppies this week have
fueled renewed criticism from animal-rights supporters over so-called puppy
mills - breeders who churn out dogs for profit.  Many of the puppies in
Wednesday's shipment had been sent by brokers or kennels and were going to pet
shops across the country.  ''I don't think the issue is flying - I think it's
(that) when a puppy mill drops off this many dogs, there's not a lot TWA can
do,'' said Juanita Troyer, a member of the Edwardsville Kennel Club who flies
with her dog about twice a month. ''Ideally, there would be a limited number of
dogs being shipped at one time.'' Links Kennel in Meadville, Mo., a source of
some of the puppies, says it has sent about 70,000 puppies on airplanes over 20
years and has had only two deaths, said owners Leon and Ada Limkenmann. The
puppies they shipped Wednesday - they won't say how many - were bound for pet
stores in California, Texas and Georgia.  TIPS FOR SHIPPING PETS The Humane
Society of the United States offers some tips for people who plan to put their
pets on airplanes: Call ahead to ask the airline about its policies for shipping
pets. Make sure the pet's kennel is well ventilated and gives the pet room to
stand up.  Schedule a non-stop flight to avoid delays and travel either in the
morning or at night to avoid the heat in cargo holds.  Don't ship a pet if the
temperature is above 85 degrees or below 40 degrees. Check the temperature in
the destination city too.  Some animals, such as the ''pugnose'' variety of
dogs, should not travel by air. Their short nasal passages do not give warm air
enough time to cool before it gets to their lungs. Check with your veterinarian.
If the plane is delayed, make sure a flight attendant or crew member knows there
is a pet aboard.  Give the animal water before the trip, and put a block of ice
in a dish in the pet's kennel.  Kim Bell

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Graphic Photo; CHART/TABLE ... TIPS FOR SHIPPING PETS ... follows
story. Photo by Jerry Naunheim Jr./Post-Dispatch ... Wendy Symer of the Humane
Society visiting two puppies that survived a TWA shipment in which 56 puppies
died. The pups are at The Rock Road Animal Hospital.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   December 14, 2004 Tuesday ST. PAUL EDITION

UNITEDHEALTHCARE SETTLES FRAUD CLAIMS FOR $3.5M

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; REGIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 779 words


UnitedHealthcare, a health benefits processor, will pay the federal government
$3.5 million to settle allegations of fraud stemming from mishandling of
telephone calls involving the Medicare program, the Justice Department
announced. The penalty stems from a whistle-blower lawsuit brought in November
2001 by a former UnitedHealthcare employee, who will receive a $647,500 share
for calling attention to the matter under the federal False Claims Act.
According to the settlement, UnitedHealthcare knowingly mishandled phone
inquiries from certain Medicare beneficiaries and providers from 1996 through
2000, and then falsely reported its performance to administrators of the
Medicare program. UnitedHealthcare, a unit of Minnetonka-based Unitedhealth
Group, did not admit wrongdoing in the settlement.

Hatch appeals Glaxo secrecy order

Attorney General Mike Hatch on Monday appealed a judge's order keeping secret 45
drug company documents handed over to Hatch while he investigated the
importation of prescription drugs from Canada. In October, Hennepin County
District Court Judge Peter Albrecht said Hatch was trying to go back on a
confidentiality agreement he had just negotiated with Britain-based
GlaxoSmithKline. Hatch's appeal to the Minnesota Court of Appeals claims that
agreement allows challenges to Glaxo's confidentiality claims. Hatch already has
the documents, but the judge's order bars him from releasing them.

Minnesota no a longer straight-A state

Minnesota again received high marks on an annual economic development report
card, but broke its three-year string of earning straight "A's." The state
received A's for performance and development capacity and a B for business
vitality in the 2004 report from the Corporation for Enterprise Development, a
Washington, D.C., nonprofit economic development group. Connecticut was the only
state to receive all As this year. Delaware, Massachusetts, New Hampshire,
Oregon and Virginia were the other states on CFED's honor roll.

Public housing workers set to strike

Maintenance workers for the Minneapolis Public Housing Authority were set to
strike today over a labor contract dispute. The Housing Authority is offering
the 76 workers a 2 percent wage increase in each of the two years of the
contract. At issue is the agency's proposal to eliminate an additional wage
increase workers can receive if they complete certain training. Currently,
employees are hired at $12.74 an hour. In case of a strike, the authority will
temporarily reassign some employees and use contractors as needed to provide
services. The Housing Authority has 40 high-rise apartment buildings with 4,856
units and 915 single-family homes or townhouses.

Northland makes management changes

Northland Capital Holdings Inc., the parent company of Minneapolis-based
investment bank Northland Securities, announced a reorganization of its
management and board of directors, two months after receiving an investment from
Minnesota Timberwolves owner Glen Taylor to stay afloat. Northland chief
executive Thomas Bartzen is now chairman and chief operating officer Randy
Nitzche is CEO. Timothy Duffy is chief financial officer. The seven-person board
of directors includes three new members -- Taylor, attorney Jack Regan and
investor Jay Abdo -- along with co-founders Bartzen, Mark Beese and Steve
Mattson. One board seat remains to be filled.

NAMES

Arnold Angeloni has been named chief executive of Chanhassen-based AmericInn and
its parent company, Northcott Hospitality International.

BRIEFLY

UnitedHealth Group completed its $300 million acquisition of Definity Health
Corp. ... Otter Tail Corp. said it closed on its equity offering of 2.9 million
newly issued shares of its common stock at a price of $25.45 per share. Net
proceeds of $70.75 million will be used to pay down debt. ... Apogee Enterprises
completed its purchase of Architectural Wall Solutions for undisclosed terms.
... ... Vascular Solutions has increased its existing credit line to $5 million
in 2005 from $3 million. ... MedicalCV received clearance from the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration to market its AtriLaze Surgical Ablation System for use on
cardiac tissue in surgery. ... Vital Images said its vice president of sales
Steven Canakes has adopted a trading plan to sell a portion of his company stock
over time. ... NRG Energy said it has entered into an agreement for the
repurchase of 13 million common shares from investment partnerships managed by
MatlinPatterson, NRG's largest shareholder, and said it plans to redeem a
portion of its outstanding 8 percent second priority notes due 2013.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           October 16, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Kerry links draft to Bush win;
Post-debate polls show president with slight lead

BYLINE: TOM RAUM Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 739  words


WASHINGTON -- John Kerry said Friday there is a "great potential" for a new
military draft to replace overextended U.S. troops in Iraq if President Bush
wins a second term, despite Bush's repeated pledges to maintain the
all-volunteer service. Republicans rejected the suggestion as "fear mongering."

Bush and his Democratic challenger also sparred over jobs and other domestic
issues as they campaigned through battleground states in the Midwest.

The latest 3-day post-debate tracking polling that came out Friday showed Bush
with a very slight lead over Kerry among likely voters nationally. A Zogby poll
had Bush up 48 percent to 44 percent with Ralph Nader polling 1 percent. A
Rasmussen poll had Bush up 49 percent to 45.5 percent in a two-man race. A
Washington Post-ABC News poll had the race deadlocked at 48 percent with Nader
at 1 percent. The margins of errors of the three polls ranged between plus and
minus 3 and 4 percentage points.

At a rally in Milwaukee, Kerry said Bush was "out of ideas, out of touch and
unwilling to change" and accused him of mishandling the economy. Bush,
campaigning in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, called his rival an unrepentant liberal
seeking to hide his record.

Kerry raised the draft issue in an interview in The Des Moines Register
published Friday.

"With George Bush, the plan for Iraq is more of the same and the great potential
of a draft. Because if we go it alone, I don't know how you do it with the
current overextension" of the military, Kerry said.

Bush campaign spokesman Steve Schmidt dismissed Kerry's comments as "fear
mongering" and suggested the Massachusetts senator was spreading "false Internet
rumors."

Kerry has suggested that Bush's heavy use of National Guard and Reserve troops
has created a "backdoor draft." But his latest comments went further.

Bush did not directly respond, but he said in Cedar Rapids that he was
"modernizing and transforming our United States military to keep the
all-volunteer army an all-volunteer army."

In the second presidential debate, Bush said, "We're not going to have a draft,
period." Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld has made similar statements.

The latest dispute over the draft came as a survey indicated that military
families trust Bush over Kerry as commander in chief by 69 percent to 21
percent. Some 43 percent of the military sample said they were Republicans, 19
percent said they were Democrats and 27 percent independents.

The margin for Bush was smaller, 50-41, among all Americans questioned by the
National Annenberg Election Survey.

Kerry focused on the economy as he began a bus tour of Wisconsin, telling a
Milwaukee audience that Bush was "out of touch with the average American family"
and that his policies on jobs and taxes favor the wealthiest Americans and
special interests.

After leaving Iowa, Bush too went to Wisconsin, speaking at a rally in Oshkosh.

Iowa and Wisconsin are among a dozen or so states that both sides deem still in
play. Others are Florida, Ohio, New Mexico, Colorado, Nevada, Pennsylvania, New
Hampshire, Minnesota, Maine and Michigan.

Both campaigns are polling in those and other states to detect any shift in the
post-debate landscape -- any opportunity to add or subtract from the
battleground.

Intrigued by public surveys showing Arkansas and Arizona close, Kerry's
pollsters are calling voters in those two GOP-leaning states to see if they
merit attention in the homestretch.

Bush has virtually stopped advertising in Washington state and advisers
privately concede that Oregon has moved comfortably to Kerry's side of the
ledger.

Bush's advisers say GOP polling since the debate has shown him gaining ground in
key states.

Kerry's advisers say their surveys have shown no change, though polls suggest
that voters believe he won the three debates.

Meanwhile, Kerry defended his reference to the sexual orientation of Mary Cheney
during Wednesday's presidential debate.

"It was meant as a very constructive comment, in a positive way," he told CNN.

Both Vice President Dick Cheney and his wife Lynne have rebuked Kerry for
referring to their openly gay daughter, and White House spokesman Scott
McClellan said Friday the president also "does not believe it was appropriate."

Asked how his comment was constructive, Kerry told CNN, "It's respectful of who
she is. And they've embraced her and they love her. I have great respect for
them for that. And it seems to me that was the point I was trying to make."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ASSOCIATED PRESS | J. SCOTT APPLEWHITE President Bush greets supporters
during a rally in Oshkosh, Wis., on Friday. Earlier in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and
after John Kerry linked a Bush victory to "great potential" for a draft, Bush
said he was modernizing the army so that it can remain all-volunteer. ASSOCIATED
PRESS | GERALD HERBERT Sen. John Kerry shows off his footwork Friday during the
Democratic presidential candidate's visit to a Brown Deer, Wis., youth soccer
clinic run by U.S. Olympic gold medalist Abby Wambach (right) and fellow
Olympian Julie Foudy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 6, 1991, Thursday, Final Edition

'Blue Ribbon' Review at Customs;
Agent Who Alleged Drug Corruption in Southwest Cites Harassment

Michael Isikoff, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A19; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 535 words


Customs Commissioner Carol B. Hallett has named a "blue ribbon" panel to review
allegations that corruption and mismanagement in agency operations along the
southwest border are compromising efforts to interdict the flow of drugs from
Mexico.

The allegations have shaken the Customs Service in recent weeks and aroused the
interest of members of Congress who have been contacted by agency
whistle-blowers. At least six Customs officials, including the regional
commissioner for the southwest region and the supervisor of the San Antonio
office, have been reassigned.

Customs officials said most of the charges involve mishandling of complaints of
wrongdoing -- including harassment and retaliation against the whistle-blowers
-- rather than direct evidence of payoffs from drug traffickers. Hallett said
there was "no evidence of any widespread corruption."

But Hallett said she decided to appoint the nine-member panel -- including five
executives from outside agencies -- because of the attention the allegations
were receiving. "We really needed to respond with individuals who could not be
accused of covering up anything," she said.

The allegations have prompted inquiries by the Treasury Department inspector
general's office as well as the House Government Operations subcommittee that
oversees the Customs Service. Yesterday, Rep. Glenn English (D-Okla.) assailed
national drug control director Bob Martinez when he testified during a
Government Operations Committee hearing that he was satsified Hallett could
handle the matter without the help of his office.

"What we're discussing here goes right to the very heart of your office's
effectiveness in coordinating the nation's war against drugs," said English. "If
you're telling me that it's not in your bailiwick . . . then it raises a
question as to what you can do at all."

Much of the recent interest stems from charges made by two Customs agents in
Corpus Christi, Tex. -- one of whom has since left the agency. The former agent,
Louis Smit, now a private investigator in Las Vegas, said yesterday in a
telephone interview that three years ago, while investigating a Texas
drug-smuggling ring, he and his partner feared that information about their
probe had leaked to the smugglers.

They informed the agency's internal affairs office of "possible drug
transactions between [Customs] agents and drug dealers" as well as
"intermarriage and interrelationships" among agents, drug figures and organized
crime figures.

The only response, said Smit, was that top Customs officials passed him over for
promotion, downgraded his evaluations and stripped him of his investigative
duties. "I was harassed constantly," he said.

Customs figures show that more than 40 Customs employees along the southwest
border have been prosecuted or investigated on corruption-related charges since
1989.

Frank Keating, the general counsel of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development who will head Hallett's panel, said the inquiry will not attempt to
"triple-guess internal affairs," but will look at how complaints are handled.
"An individual who alleges stupidity or incompetence has a difficult time
knowing where to turn," he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 30, 1989, Monday

AIRLINES OUTLINE STEPS TO CUT CARGO THEFT

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: AVIATION, Pg. 13B

LENGTH: 327 words

DATELINE: JAMAICA, N.Y.


Airlines can take a number of steps to reduce cargo theft, speakers at a Cargo
Security Council meetin g said here last week.

One of the simplest theft reduction steps is to use direct service, said Barry
M. Tarnef, manager of marine technical services at Cigna Loss Control ervices
Inc., a division of Cigna Corp. in Philadelphia.

On the marine side, 18 cents of every dollar paid in claims is due to theft, Mr.
Tarnef said. He added, "70 percent of all losses are preventable."

Avoiding extra stops en route for cargo reduces handling, thereby lessening
opportunities for theft, loss and mishandling, he said.

Also, shippers should consider using blind markings on high-value freight,
according to Mr. Tarnef. This helps disguise and reduce pilferage of these
materials.

Shippers, moreover, should make frequent changes in those blind markings to keep
thiefs off-guard, Mr. Tarnef added.

Shipments bound for certain locations, such as Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills,
Calif., or New York City's Diamond District, for example, hold particular allure
for thieves.

Trans World Airlines takes extraordinary steps in handling high-value cargo,
such as jewelry.

In certain cases, TWA will demand that a shipper provide an armored car to meet
a particularly valuable shipment at plane-side, said Jack Finning, the airline's
security director, eastern region.

TWA demands, moreover, that large high-value shipments be given to the airline
in sealed containers that are banded, Mr. Finning added.

United Parcel Service takes a more preventive approach. The company spends a
considerableamount of time on pre-employment screening, seeking to weed out any
potential problem workers.

It also deals "very quickly and severely" with any offenders, said Jim Edge,
regional loss prevention manager at UPS' air freight hub in Louisville, Ky.

UPS takes "proactive measures to prevent theft and increase the goodwill of
shippers," Mr. Edge said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 1, 2003 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Fairbanks Capital Settles With HUD

BYLINE: Kenneth R. Harney

SECTION: Real Estate; F01 , THE NATION'S HOUSING Kenneth R. Harney

LENGTH: 827 words


When hundreds of customers of a giant mortgage company tell financial regulators
that they are being systematically abused on their home loan accounts, what's
the result?

In the case of Fairbanks Capital Corp., the focus of year-long investigations by
federal and state authorities, it appears to add up to at least a $55 million
settlement, and a strict regimen of more customer-friendly business practices.

Utah-based Fairbanks' corporate parent, PMI Group Inc., disclosed to
shareholders last week that it had reached a preliminary agreement with the
Federal Trade Commission and the Housing and Urban Development Department to
settle allegations of predatory servicing practices against some of its nearly
600,000 loan clients nationwide.

According to PMI Group, the agreement, which  must be approved by the federal
agencies, would create a $40 million fund to assist consumers who were harmed by
Fairbanks and set aside another $15 million to dispose of class-action suits and
pay fines. The FTC and HUD declined immediate comment on PMI's disclosure of the
long-awaited settlement.

Fairbanks, the country's largest servicer of "subprime" home mortgages extended
to homeowners with blemished credit, was accused of unfairly levying late fees
on borrowers who made payments on time, mishandling escrow account disbursements
and pushing customers into foreclosures.

About 200,000 of its 600,000 loan customers were listed by the company as 60
days delinquent or more last May, and 45,000 were in the process of
foreclosures, according to a top company official. Hundreds of Fairbanks
customers from Maryland to California have barraged legislators and regulators
with complaints or filed class-action suits in recent months. Maryland's U.S.
senators, Barbara A. Mikulski (D) and Paul S. Sarbanes (D), called for
investigations of the company's practices last spring, triggering HUD's
involvement in probes already underway at the FTC.

In a class action consolidating four suits in California, Fairbanks customers
alleged that the company not only routinely counted on-time payments as late and
imposed costly penalties, but also threatened many borrowers with quick
foreclosures unless they paid substantial fees. One plaintiff, Connie Whitson of
San Diego, said she had to pay $3,543.76 to Fairbanks, including attorneys'
fees, late fees and other charges, after the firm failed to credit her monthly
payments properly. Similar allegations were made in courts across the country,
according to attorneys.

In West Virginia, a state court imposed a moratorium on foreclosures for
homeowners with Fairbanks-serviced mortgages. Financial regulators reportedly
investigated the company in Florida, Illinois, Utah, Georgia, Texas, Michigan
and Pennsylvania.

Many plaintiffs alleged in legal actions that Fairbanks had routinely claimed
that it had no record of borrowers' hazard insurance policies, and had
"force-placed" high-cost insurance coverage on customers even when they could
prove  that their policies were  paid-up and active.

Class-action attorneys said Fairbanks' servicing practices amounted to an
illegal, default-manufacturing "scheme designed to generate extra revenue" for
the firm and  PMI Group. Fairbanks executives initially dismissed the
allegations as having little merit. Bill Garland, a former president of the
company, said in an interview  in May that such complaints "come with the
territory" of being nation's leading the  servicer of subprime mortgages.

"We have litigation in this business," he said. "It's part of the business."
Garland was subsequently removed as president, and a new team of top executives
appointed by PMI Group took over management of the company.

As a servicer, Fairbanks  acquires mortgages from other lenders. Servicing
involves administering borrowers' escrow accounts, monthly payment
record-keeping and disbursement of funds to the owners of the mortgages. In the
case of Fairbanks, many of the owners of the loans were bond market trusts
assembled by Wall Street investment bankers.

Though details of the proposed settlement's prescriptive requirements for
Fairbanks are not yet available, sources say they may amount to a "best
practices" servicing model not only for Fairbanks, but also for other large
mortgage companies in the subprime arena.

One reform, for example, might set specific requirements on how Fairbanks --
and, by implication, other servicers -- should handle newly acquired customer
accounts. Many of the complaints against the company involved borrowers whose
mortgage servicing had been recently sold or transferred to Fairbanks by other
lenders or servicers.

Other reforms could deal with mandatory "loss-mitigation" requirements, where
Fairbanks would be forced to aggressively work with delinquent borrowers to cure
their problems, rather than squeezing legal fees -- or foreclosure sales -- out
of them.

Kenneth R. Harney's e-mail address is kharney@winstarmail.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 22, 2004 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

NATIONAL NEWS SPY RAP VS. MUSLIM CLERIC IS 'JUST GOING TO GO AWAY'

BYLINE: BY JAMES GORDON MEEK AND NEWS WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 606 words


WASHINGTON - The former Muslim chaplain at Gitmo once suspected of spying and
aiding the enemy is unlikely to face trial for mishandling classified
information, the Daily News has learned.

"Apparently they couldn't build a case" against Capt. James (Yousef) Yee, an
informed military source told The News yesterday. "It's just going to go away."

The West Point grad was nabbed Sept. 10 in Florida, allegedly carrying a
notebook with maps of Camp Delta at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and names of prisoners
he counseled.

Yee was charged with carrying classified documents without a secure container.
But on Nov. 25 he was sprung from a maximum-security brig - only to be smeared
with computer porn and adultery charges.

The U.S. Southern Command is weighing whether to try Yee, due in court Feb. 4.
Last month, hearings fell apart when Army prosecutors couldn't say if the notes
were classified.

Officials might drop the case, figuring Yee's 76 days in jail were enough, the
source said.

James Gordon Meek.

Retired judge tapped in Laci hubby case.

MARTINEZ, Calif. - A retired 82-year-old judge will preside at Scott Peterson's
double-murder trial.

Retired Contra Costa County Judge Richard Arnason, whose experience with
high-profile cases dates to the sensational 1970s trial of black militant Angela
Davis, was picked yesterday, a day after Judge Al Girolami moved the trial to
the San Francisco Bay area because of hostility toward Peterson in Modesto,
Calif.

The trial is scheduled to start Monday.

Peterson, 31, is charged with two counts of murder for allegedly killing his
pregnant wife, Laci, and unborn son.

AIDS quilt creator suing foundation on firing.

SAN FRANCISCO - The creator of the AIDS Memorial Quilt is suing the nonprofit
foundation that owns it, alleging he was fired after he complained the quilt has
"languished" in a warehouse under the current leadership.

Cleve Jones, who stitched the first square in 1987, says mismanagement by the
Names Project Foundation doomed hopes of showing the 48,000-panel quilt in
Washington this October.

Board President Edward Gatta disputed that Jones had been fired, saying the
board was negotiating a new agreement with him that "expired" when Jones refused
to participate in the talks.

Massive sludge spill not deliberate: judge.

LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A coal firm that let more than 300 million gallons of sludge
spill into Kentucky and West Virginia waterways will escape with a $5,500 fine.

A judge ruled yesterday that the U.S. Labor Department's $55,000 fine against
the Martin County Coal Corp. was excessive because the company showed no "wanton
or reckless disregard for the risks to life and property."

The sludge broke through the bottom of a 70-acre reservoir on Oct. 11, 2000, and
gushed into the Big Sandy River.

Lawns were buried up to 7 feet deep, drinking water was fouled for 60 miles and
all area aquatic life was annihilated.

POLS SINGING BLUES OVER KARAOKE 'SEX'.

SAN MATEO, Calif. - The howls and moans coming from the private rooms in karaoke
clubs aren't just from off-key singers, San Mateo officials contend.

The city council has voted to ban the rooms temporarily, citing their alleged
uses for sex parties, prostitution, drugs and underage drinking.

But that prohibition is hitting a sour note with Asian-Americans, who charged
yesterday the move is culturally insensitive.

The private singing rooms, which seat up to 20 people, sometimes have locking
doors and no windows or security cameras.

Karaoke fans in this Silicon Valley suburb say the private rooms are a godsend
for shy singers, and are used much more often for birthday parties and private
reunions than for any lurid affairs.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP Holly Hill, Fla., tot Megan Trent was back with mom and dad
yesterday after carjacker pushed mom out of her car and drove off with Megan in
car seat.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                             May 26, 2016  Thursday

Independent Investigators Seek to Save Colleges From Themselves

BYLINE: Eric Kelderman

SECTION: LEGAL; Administration

LENGTH: 817  words

ABSTRACT

Whom do governing boards call when their college is under fire for mishandling a
sexual assault? An outsider.

FULL TEXT

Kenneth W. Starr's legacy as president of Baylor University could be defined by
a pair of lawyers in a law firm in Philadelphia.

The university's Board of Regents hired the firm, Pepper Hamilton LLC, in
September to investigate complaints that the institution had not properly
responded to alleged sexual assaults on its campus.

[[relatedcontent align="left" size="half-width"]] The results of that inquiry,
led by two well-known experts in federal gender-equity compliance, Gina M. Smith
and Leslie M. Gomez, could shed light on whether Mr. Starr contributed to
Baylor's response to the alleged assaults. And the board will almost certainly
use the report as a basis for determining the president's future employment at
the university.

The board has not made the results of the investigation public, but unofficial
reports on Tuesday have fueled speculation that Mr. Starr, a former federal
judge, will be fired as president.

This would not be the first time that such an investigation has led to big
changes at a college. In recent years, governing boards have frequently turned
to outside legal firms for a view of what the institution is getting wrong, or
right, handling the tough issues of Title IX.

While colleges are often thought of as progressive institutions, they can be
resistant to change and need an outside perspective, said James Sears Bryant, a
lawyer with the law firm Spencer Fane.

"The key to the deal is to be completely frank and honest and get to the truth,"
said Mr. Bryant, who has led several similar investigations at colleges across
the country.

"You can try to say it as graciously as you can, be civil and dignified, but you
have to tell people what they did and didn't do right," he said.

Independence Is Key

The details of responsibility and the scope of investigation vary by college,
said C. Peter Goplerud III, an executive at InfiLaw, a company that owns several
for-profit law schools.

Generally, governing boards and colleges want to know the facts of what
happened, whether the existing policies and procedures were followed, and if
those policies and procedures were adequate, Mr. Goplerud said.

What the investigators want is unfettered entrée to information and to the
people who need to be interviewed, said Mr. Goplerud. "You want to have
assurances that you will have full access to people, documents, and
communications so that you can leave no stone unturned," he said.

Mr. Goplerud and Mr. Bryant were two of the lawyers hired for the 2008
investigation into the handling of a sexual assault of a University of Iowa
student. Their findings led to the firing of the institution's general counsel
and vice president for student services.

In that case, Mr. Goplerud said, the regents gave the group no instructions on
the process. "I know I and others would be reluctant to have too much of the
process determined by the client because that removes some of the independence,"
he said.

Governing bodies, too, are often trying to avoid the errors of insularity, said
Andrew Lester, a former chairman of the Board of Regents for the Oklahoma
Agricultural and Mechanical Colleges.

Mr. Lester said the investigation by the former Federal Bureau of Investigation
director Louis J. Freeh into allegations of child sexual abuse by a football
coach at Pennsylvania State University led Mr. Lester to order a review of
policies at his own institutions.

Mr. Freeh's report was extremely critical of Penn State's governing board "for
basically putting its head in the sand," said Mr. Lester, now a lawyer who, like
Mr. Bryant, is with the firm Spencer Fane. "I didn't want that to happen to us,"
Mr. Lester said.

At roughly the same time, Oklahoma State University was under scrutiny for how
it handled several cases of male students' being assaulted by another male
student. The situation got much more media attention when a student reporter
discovered that the university had not reported the incidents to the police.

An investigation by Mr. Bryant, then working for a different law firm,
determined that the university had misapplied the federal law requiring the
protection of student records - the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.

As a result, said Mr. Lester, the regents not only changed their policy about
reporting such incidents to the police. They also hired an independent ombudsman
to monitor complaints of sexual assault and consolidated the legal offices for
the system's campuses.

"The most important things from an institutional level are, you want to know the
truth and you've got to follow through," he said.

Eric Kelderman writes about money and accountability in higher education,
including such areas as state policy, accreditation, and legal affairs. You can
find him on Twitter @etkeld, or email him at eric.kelderman@chronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                             May 26, 2016  Thursday

Independent Investigators Seek to Save Colleges From Themselves

BYLINE: Eric Kelderman

SECTION: LEGAL; Administration

LENGTH: 817  words

ABSTRACT

Whom do governing boards call when their college is under fire for mishandling a
sexual assault? An outsider.

FULL TEXT

Kenneth W. Starr's legacy as president of Baylor University could be defined by
a pair of lawyers in a law firm in Philadelphia.

The university's Board of Regents hired the firm, Pepper Hamilton LLC, in
September to investigate complaints that the institution had not properly
responded to alleged sexual assaults on its campus.

[[relatedcontent align="left" size="half-width"]] The results of that inquiry,
led by two well-known experts in federal gender-equity compliance, Gina M. Smith
and Leslie M. Gomez, could shed light on whether Mr. Starr contributed to
Baylor's response to the alleged assaults. And the board will almost certainly
use the report as a basis for determining the president's future employment at
the university.

The board has not made the results of the investigation public, but unofficial
reports on Tuesday have fueled speculation that Mr. Starr, a former federal
judge, will be fired as president.

This would not be the first time that such an investigation has led to big
changes at a college. In recent years, governing boards have frequently turned
to outside legal firms for a view of what the institution is getting wrong, or
right, handling the tough issues of Title IX.

While colleges are often thought of as progressive institutions, they can be
resistant to change and need an outside perspective, said James Sears Bryant, a
lawyer with the law firm Spencer Fane.

"The key to the deal is to be completely frank and honest and get to the truth,"
said Mr. Bryant, who has led several similar investigations at colleges across
the country.

"You can try to say it as graciously as you can, be civil and dignified, but you
have to tell people what they did and didn't do right," he said.

Independence Is Key

The details of responsibility and the scope of investigation vary by college,
said C. Peter Goplerud III, an executive at InfiLaw, a company that owns several
for-profit law schools.

Generally, governing boards and colleges want to know the facts of what
happened, whether the existing policies and procedures were followed, and if
those policies and procedures were adequate, Mr. Goplerud said.

What the investigators want is unfettered entrée to information and to the
people who need to be interviewed, said Mr. Goplerud. "You want to have
assurances that you will have full access to people, documents, and
communications so that you can leave no stone unturned," he said.

Mr. Goplerud and Mr. Bryant were two of the lawyers hired for the 2008
investigation into the handling of a sexual assault of a University of Iowa
student. Their findings led to the firing of the institution's general counsel
and vice president for student services.

In that case, Mr. Goplerud said, the regents gave the group no instructions on
the process. "I know I and others would be reluctant to have too much of the
process determined by the client because that removes some of the independence,"
he said.

Governing bodies, too, are often trying to avoid the errors of insularity, said
Andrew Lester, a former chairman of the Board of Regents for the Oklahoma
Agricultural and Mechanical Colleges.

Mr. Lester said the investigation by the former Federal Bureau of Investigation
director Louis J. Freeh into allegations of child sexual abuse by a football
coach at Pennsylvania State University led Mr. Lester to order a review of
policies at his own institutions.

Mr. Freeh's report was extremely critical of Penn State's governing board "for
basically putting its head in the sand," said Mr. Lester, now a lawyer who, like
Mr. Bryant, is with the firm Spencer Fane. "I didn't want that to happen to us,"
Mr. Lester said.

At roughly the same time, Oklahoma State University was under scrutiny for how
it handled several cases of male students' being assaulted by another male
student. The situation got much more media attention when a student reporter
discovered that the university had not reported the incidents to the police.

An investigation by Mr. Bryant, then working for a different law firm,
determined that the university had misapplied the federal law requiring the
protection of student records - the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act.

As a result, said Mr. Lester, the regents not only changed their policy about
reporting such incidents to the police. They also hired an independent ombudsman
to monitor complaints of sexual assault and consolidated the legal offices for
the system's campuses.

"The most important things from an institutional level are, you want to know the
truth and you've got to follow through," he said.

Eric Kelderman writes about money and accountability in higher education,
including such areas as state policy, accreditation, and legal affairs. You can
find him on Twitter @etkeld, or email him at eric.kelderman@chronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Shockley lists home for sale

BYLINE: Sherri Buri McDonald, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1060 words


March 28--Terry Shockley, the Eugene real estate broker accused of mishandling
clients' trust funds, has put his Central Oregon home up for sale and advertised
a moving sale to convert some of his belongings into cash.

He has borrowed $450,000 from a former Silicon Valley tech executive, putting up
as security the home in La Pine and his home in Eugene, and has hired Eugene
attorney Loren Scott to defend him in several civil lawsuits that have been
filed recently.

Last month, state regulators seized Shockley's Eugene property management firm,
which did business as Property Management Concepts and Eugene Rentals, after an
audit turned up major cash shortages in trust accounts that should have
contained more than $1 million in property owners' payments and tenants'
security deposits.

Some in the local rental property market estimate that at least $4 million is
missing from those accounts.

The listing of Shockley's second home in La Pine for sale is further evidence of
the severity of his financial problems, which also include:

Numerous tax liens by the IRS and state Department of Revenue. Shockley still
owes the federal government $263,435 for back taxes from 2001 to 2010 and owes
the state $33,342 for back taxes from 2013, according to Lane County property
records.

A claim by William and Shirley Portis, retired church missionaries, that
Shockley owes them $154,000 for a series of personal loans made over a period of
more than 15 years. The Eugene couple filed a lawsuit in Lane County Circuit
Court in late February, and is asking for three times their loss in economic
damages -- $460,000, citing a state law intended to protect "vulnerable persons"
from financial abuse.

A claim by Portland developer Kenneth Coe that Shockley and his company
committed fraud and owes Coe's company more than $40,000, according to a lawsuit
filed earlier this month.

On December 30, 2014, Shockley and his wife Pamela borrowed $225,000 against
their Eugene house at 3431 Parish St. from former Silicon Valley tech executive
Arman Maghbouleh and $225,000 against their home at 51801 Pine Loop in La Pine,
according to property records filed in Lane and Deschutes counties. Maghbouleh
was co-founder and president of Cariden, a network planning and management
software company acquired by Cisco in late 2012.

The proceeds of the loans were to be used for "an organization or for business
or commercial purposes," according to the loan agreements.

The final payments on each loan are due by Nov. 20, 2015, and the loan
agreements include provisions allowing Maghbouleh to demand immediate payoff at
any point if the Shockleys fail to make scheduled payments, pay taxes on the
properties, insure the houses, or meet other conditions in the loan agreement.

In a statement on Shockley's behalf, Scott said his client "is trying to sell
his home in LaPine because he has lost his job and cannot afford to make the
mortgage payments. He hopes to be able to repay as much of his debt as possible
from the proceeds."

Scott declined to comment further about Shockley's financial situation,
including whether the Shockleys are in compliance with the loan agreements with
Maghbouleh, and whether the Shockleys intend to file for bankruptcy protection.

Scott said Friday that although bankruptcy is one of his specialties, he has
been hired to defend Shockley in several civil lawsuits that have been filed
against him.

Shockley had not filed for federal bankruptcy court protection as of Friday,
according to bankruptcy court records. So he can continue his regular financial
activities, such as putting a home up for sale and holding a moving sale, said
Rick Harder, a longtime Eugene bankruptcy attorney, who does not represent
Shockley.

If Shockley were to file for bankruptcy protection, or a major creditor forced
him into involuntary bankruptcy, the court would require an accounting to ensure
that he didn't sell off belongings for much less than they were worth, Harder
said, and a bankruptcy filing would put a halt to the home sale.

One burning question, however, is whether there's any equity in the LaPine home.

It is listed for sale at $445,000, according to online real estate sources. The
main lot and home have a real market value of $192,930 and an adjacent lot also
owned by Shockley has a real market value of $36,080, according to 2014-15
Deschutes County property records. And the Shockleys must pay off whatever they
still owe on the $225,000 they borrowed from Maghbouleh.

The Shockleys' Eugene house, which sits on less than a quarter acre, has a real
market value of $238,765, according to Lane County property records.

Most properties' real market value listed on the tax rolls falls within 10
percent of the sales price, said Michael Cowles, Lane County tax assessor.

A Windermere Central Oregon Real Estate listing says the Shockleys' LaPine home
and shop sit on more than two acres.

"The home has hand-picked log accents, soaring ceilings, cozy dining room that
was once the original cabin, big entertaining deck, wood shed, guest house, dog
runs, 30-foot by 36-foot shop with a 12-foot RV door and incredible lighting,
and RV area with power," the listing says.

An online ad for a "huge moving/garage sale" at the home was posted on Wednesday
and then later tagged for removal.

It said, "16 years of accumulated treasures! Tools/hunting/fishing you name it"
and included items such as a shop vac, compressor, Christmas china collection,
custom wall art and two refrigerators.

Shockley's hearing before the Oregon Real Estate Agency on the action to revoke
his property manager license is scheduled "in a couple of months," said James
Mountain, the Portland attorney representing Shockley on that matter.

Officials at the state Real Estate Agency have said they cannot disclose
anything about their ongoing investigation of Shockley and his company,
including the hearing date.

The receiver that took over Shockley's company on Feb. 5 is scheduled to file a
report with Lane County Circuit Court by April 6.

Follow Sherri on Twitter @sburimcdonald . Email sherri@registerguard.com .

"The home has hand-picked log accents, soaring ceilings, cozy dining room."

-- From a Sales listing for Terry Shockley's La Pine home

___ (c)2015 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150328-EU-Shockley-lists-home-for-sale-0328-20150328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2015 The Register Guard


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           November 17, 2009 Tuesday
                            All But Toronto Edition

Palin fails to quell rumour of 2012 run; 'Not on radar' ex-governor tells Oprah
Winfrey

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 805  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Oprah Winfrey's much-hyped interview with Sarah Palin yesterday
produced little insight into the former Alaska governor's world view or her
prescription for U.S. economic revival.

But what she did reveal certainly provided fodder for book sales -- and rumours
about her White House ambitions.

In an hour-long appearance to promote her memoir, Ms. Palin declined to rule out
seeking the presidency in 2012, saying only "it's not on my radar screen right
now."

The 2008 Republican vice-presidential candidate also settled a few accounts. She
lashed out against John Mc-Cain's staffers for mishandling her image during the
campaign, referred derisively to her daughter's publicity seeking ex-fiance as
"Ricky Hollywood" and described CBS News anchor Katie Couric as "perky," though
not in a nice way.

"I'm concentrating on 2010 [mid-term elections] and making sure that we have
issues tackled in America," Ms. Palin said when asked if she planned to seek the
GOP presidential nomination and challenge Barack Obama in 2012.

"I don't know what I'm going to be doing in 2012. [Running for president is] not
on my radar screen right now."

Her pre-taped chat with Ms. Winfrey marked the opening of a campaign-style
publicity tour to promote Going Rogue: An American Life, which is officially
released today.

Speculation Ms. Palin is weighing support for a White House bid have been
fuelled by book tour stops in "battleground' states, such as Michigan,
Pennsylvania, Ohio, Iowa, Florida and North Carolina, where presidential
campaigns are won or lost.

But the talk-show host was less interested in her guest's politics than her
personal life and the controversy -- well chronicled in Going Rogue -- that
surrounded Senator McCain's choice of her as his running mate.

Ms. Palin said McCain aides ignored her advice starting from the very first
crisis of the campaign -- revelations her teenage daughter, Bristol, was
pregnant.

"I did not want that message sent out, that we were giddy happy to be
grandparents," she said.

"We perhaps could have sent a better message -- this is not to be glamorized."

The former governor, who was initially credited for rejuvenating Mr. McCain's
campaign, dismissed later claims she damaged his chances of victory with a
series of blunders.

"I think the reason that we lost -- the economy tanked

under a Republican administration," she said.

"They did not want more of the same. They did not want status quo."

Her campaign gaffes included uncomfortable interviews with ABC News' Charles
Gibson and CBS News' Ms. Couric, who stumped Ms. Palin by asking what newspapers
and magazines she reads.

Yesterday, Ms. Palin made it clear she still bears a grudge against Ms. Couric,
whom she referred to as "the perky one."

"I thought she was asking about this Neanderthal tribe up there in Alaska," she
said.

"I was annoyed with her badgering of questions. ... If people only know me from
that interview, I don't blame people for thinking I was not qualified."

But she responded to Ms. Winfrey's questions about her daughter's ex-boyfriend,
Levi Johnston, with a mixture of sarcasm and affection.

The father of Tripp, Ms. Palin's grandson, has parlayed his ties to the Palin
family into tell-all articles in Vanity Fair and an upcoming nude photo shoot
with Playgirl.

Ms. Palin joked Mr. Johnston now goes "by the name Ricky Hollywood" and said "we
don't want to mess up the gig he's doing: aspiring porn."

At the same time, she described the young man as "family" and said "it's a bit
heartbreaking the road he is on right now."

Several new polls suggest Americans do not believe Ms. Palin has the right stuff
to be president.

A CNN survey released yesterday found just 28% think she is qualified, compared
with 70% who do not.

But Ms. Palin herself said she never doubted her qualifications to be Mr.
McCain's vice-presidential nominee.

"When I got the call [to join the Republican ticket], it was not such a shocking
call to me," she said.

"I felt quite confident in my abilities and my executive experience."

---------

THE POST'S PALIN PANEL

Excerpts from the National Post's live-blog on the Palin- Oprah interview.

Shinan Govani "It's hard to deny: Palin, on TV, has the charismatic narcissism
of all the great stars."

Nathalie Atkinson "Charismatic narcissism + pageant hair = future Republican
political star."

Araminta Wordsworth "Sarah's obviously done a lot of work since the presidential
campaign -- she can string together coherent sentences -- or has been highly
edited." Kelly McParland "So far it's McCain's fault that she campaigned poorly,
and Couric's fault that she interviewed poorly. Only Bristol hasn't been
blamed."

And from Phil, a reader "Kudos on the balance of your panel. It ranges from
rabidly hostile all the way through moderately hostile."

To read the entire transcript visit nationalpost.com/fullcomment

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Reuters, George Burns, Harpo Inc.; Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin
with talk-show host Oprah Winfrey and Palin's daughters Piper, left, and Willow,
right, during a taping of Winfrey's show last week. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     August 26, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Two New Studies Supported by ALS Association Highlight Discovery Around Most
Common ALS Gene Mutation

LENGTH: 808  words


Aug. 26 -- In today's issue of Nature, two new studies funded in part by The ALS
Association both highlight an important new discovery around the C9orf72
mutation, the most common genetic defect associated with amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis (ALS). Both studies emphasize that a key driver of the development of
ALS due to this mutation is an export-import imbalance between the cell's
nucleus and its non-nuclear portion, or cytoplasm.

ALS is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the
brain and the spinal cord. Eventually, people with ALS lose the ability to
initiate and control muscle movement, which often leads to total paralysis and
death within two to five years of diagnosis. For unknown reasons, veterans are
twice as likely to develop ALS as the general population. There is no cure, and
only one drug approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) modestly
extends survival.

"These new studies help us further understand a significant pathway in the ALS
disease process and strengthens the evidence that RNA mishandling is a major
contributor to ALS even beyond the genetic cases of ALS believed to be caused by
the C9orf72 mutation," said Lucie Bruijn, Ph.D., M.B.A., and Chief Scientist for
the Association. "Importantly, this discovery may provide us with strong
candidates for future drug development," she continued.

In the first study, scientists have discovered that one major consequence of the
C9orf72 gene mutation is disruption of RNA export from the cell nucleus. Working
in fruit flies carrying various forms of the mutation, the researchers
discovered 18 genes that worked to either worsen or mitigate the effects of the
mutation. All 18 encoded either components of the nuclear pore or other proteins
involved in regulating traffic of RNA and proteins in and out of the cell
nucleus. One consequence was an increase in the amount of RNA retained in the
nucleus, a change that was also seen in cells derived from people with disease
due to the C9orf72 mutation.

The work was performed by first authors Brian Freibaum, Ph.D., of St. Jude's
Children's Research Hospital in Memphis, Tennessee, and Yubing Lu, Ph.D., of
University of Massachusetts Medical Center in Worcester; and led by J. Paul
Taylor, M.D., Ph.D., of St. Jude's, and Fen-Biao Gao, Ph.D. of University of
Mass. Dr. Gao was supported by The ALS Association's Greater Chicago Chapter
State of Illinois Grant.

"C9ORF72 mutations are by far the most common genetic defect associated with
both ALS and FTD, so understanding how the mutation causes disease is
tremendously important for efforts to develop therapies to stop or reverse the
death of neurons in the brain and spinal cord of patients," said
co-corresponding author Dr. Taylor.

In the second study, researchers at Johns Hopkins University showed that the
expanded RNA of the C9orf72 mutation interacts directly with a protein called
RanGAP1, which controls traffic of materials across the membrane separating the
nucleus from the cytoplasm in all cells, including the motor neurons affected in
ALS. That interaction appears to interrupt the normal regulation of
cross-membrane flow of materials. The trafficking defect was seen in both a fly
model of the disease and in cells from people with ALS. The defect could be
mitigated with treatments that targeted the extra RNA produced by the mutation.

The work was performed by co-first authors Ke Zhang, Ph.D., a recipient of the
Milton Safenowitz Post-doctoral in 2014, and Christopher Donnelly, Ph.D., and
senior authors and Association-supported scientists Rita Sattler, Ph.D., Thomas
Lloyd, M.D., Ph.D., and Jeffrey Rothstein, M.D., Ph.D., all of Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore, Maryland. Dr. Ke Zhang-supported by Greater
Philadelphia Chapter of The ALS Association.

"These exciting results focus our attention more strongly on the role of
cross-membrane trafficking in understanding how the C9orf72 gene causes ALS,"
according to Lucie Bruijn, Ph.D., M.B.A., Chief Scientist for The ALS
Association. "The ability of experimental treatments to reverse these effects in
this model also gives us more reason to hope that a similar approach may offer
benefits in people with ALS. This study and the recent report by a second group
also showing defects in nuclear transport provide a stronger basis for
developing therapy to target this important pathway."

As referenced above, Dr. Donnelly is a recipient of The ALS Association's Milton
Safenowitz Post-Doctoral Fellowships for ALS Research, which encourages and
facilitates promising young scientists to enter the ALS field. Funding for this
two-year research award is made possible by the generosity of the Safenowitz
family through the Greater New York Chapter of The ALS Association and is in
memory of Mr. Safenowitz, who died of ALS in 1998.

Source: ALS Association

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 15, 2004, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Gitmo chaplain's reprimand rescinded

BYLINE: Laura Parker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 342 words

A U.S. Army general on Wednesday set aside a reprimand against Capt. James Yee,
a move that cleansed the record of the Muslim chaplain who was arrested last
year in an espionage probe at the military's prison for terrorism suspects at
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

The decision officially ended the case, which began in September when Yee, who
ministered to suspected al-Qaeda and Taliban operatives held at the U.S. Navy
Base at Guantanamo, was arrested in Florida during a one-week leave. He was held
in the Navy prison in Charleston, S.C., for 76 days.


At the time, officials said he could face charges of espionage, aiding the enemy
and spying. But the six criminal charges filed against him later were much less
serious. They included mishandling classified information, storing pornography
on his computer and adultery. Retired military legal officers accused the Army
of overreaching.

In March, after prosecutors declined to detail the classified materials that Yee
allegedly had mishandled, the criminal charges were dropped. Yee, 35, received a
non-criminal reprimand for the adultery and pornography charges. His attorney,
Eugene Fidell, appealed.

Army Gen. James Hill, who as head of the U.S. Southern Command oversees the
Guantanamo Bay base, granted the appeal Wednesday and had the reprimand removed
from Yee's military record. Hill characterized Yee's conduct as wrong, but said
in a statement that "further stigmatizing Chaplain Yee by denying his appeal
would not serve a just and fair purpose." Hill said Yee's confinement was
justified, "given the circumstances at the time."

Kevin Barry, a retired Coast Guard captain and former military judge, said it
was unusual for such an appeal to be granted. He said the reprimand "had the
appearance of being a save-face action for the Army. Some people viewed it as
vindictive."

Yee, now assigned to his home base in Washington state, was unavailable for
comment. Fidell said that Yee "is happy to have his record clear. Clearly what
was in order here was an apology."

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  November 22, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

Lee Sells Memoirs, TV Rights on Data Probe; No Secret Information In Book,
Lawyer Says

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: LOS ALAMOS, N.M., Nov. 21


Former Los Alamos scientist Wen Ho Lee, once the center of an investigation
involving China and American nuclear weapons data, plans to tell his story in a
first-person book next year.

A television miniseries on Lee is also in the works, said David Weil, the Los
Angeles lawyer who helped broker both deals.

Lee, 60, was fired last year from Los Alamos National Laboratory and was
arrested last December on charges of downloading nuclear weapons data to
portable computer tapes, seven of which are missing.

He pleaded guilty two months ago to a single felony count of mishandling
classified information and was sentenced to the nine months he already had
served while awaiting trial. The government dropped the other 58 counts against
him in return for his promise to tell investigators, under oath, why he made the
tapes and exactly what he did with them.

The handling of Lee's prosecution brought stinging criticism from the federal
trial judge and allegations from Asian American organizations that he was
singled out because of his ethnic background. Born in Taiwan, he is a
60-year-old naturalized U.S. citizen.

As part of his plea agreement, Lee is undergoing an extensive FBI interrogation.
Much of that information is classified and will not end up in print, Weil said.

Lee signed the book deal with the publishing firm Hyperion, a branch of ABC Inc.
With help from a coauthor, Weil said, Lee will reveal the personal side to his
saga.

"It'll be 'Doctor Lee tells all' within the confines of the security clearances
he has," Weil said.

The book is due out in the fall of 2001.

The planned miniseries is tentatively scheduled to air during the fall sweeps
week of 2001, said Stacey Cohen, a spokeswoman for the Lee family. It will be
produced by Robert Greenwald Productions Inc. of Culver City, Calif.

Alys Shanti, vice president of the production company, would not discuss how
much Lee and his family were being paid in the miniseries deal. She did say,
however, that Lee was reluctant to sell his story.

"It took me four months to even get the door open," she said. "He was actually
still in court when we were aggressively pursuing the family rights."

Lee has given just one substantial media interview, to the CBS TV magazine show
"60 Minutes." He has never publicly explained his motive for copying the
equivalent of more than 400,000 pages of nuclear weapons data from the
classified computer system at Los Alamos to his unsecured desktop computer and
to the tapes.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   October 12, 1991, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Chickens come home to roost

BYLINE: GAZETTE

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OP-ED; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 478 words


The Bourassa government and Hydro-Quebec are reaping the bitter fruits of their
own arrogant mishandling of the Great Whale power project.

The Burlington defeat last Tuesday, when residents of the Vermont town rejected
their share of a multibillion-dollar contract to buy electricity from
Hydro-Quebec, was a small loss in itself. But the writing is on the wall after
that vote, and it is telling Hydro- Quebec that its major contracts to export
power to the United States will be in jeopardy unless the utility radically
changes its ways.

Quebec's negligence and stubbornness have permitted opponents to discredit the $
12.6 billion Great Whale project as an environmental catastrophe and a brutal
destruction of native ways of life. Opposition to the project is becoming a
politically correct cause for American environmentalists and celebrities -
despite the enormous safety and environmental superiority of hydro-electricity
over the alternatives of nuclear or fossil-fuelled plants.

The truth is that a project on this scale could probably be environmentally
sound, could bring great benefits to native people, and could provide Quebec and
its customers with a solid economic base of clean, renewable energy.
Hydro-Quebec has allowed that truth to be obscured.

The Bourassa government and the public utility together obstinately and
irrationally ducked their responsibilities for nearly two years. They quarrelled
endlessly with Ottawa and the natives - in court and in conference - over what
kind of environmental review was required under the James Bay agreement. They
insisted foolishly on their right to conduct an environmental study of the roads
and airports needed for the project, before conducting any study of the project
itself. They loftily ignored protests rising in the United States, declining to
defend their case before a New York state legislative committee.

Finally Quebec saw the light, but only after New York authorities had postponed
the deadline on a $ 17 billion contract for one year, the Cree had won court
cases ordering full environmental reviews of the project by Ottawa, and a
celebrity-packed Ban the Dam Jam session had been held in New York City.

Quebec announced a one-year postponement of the Great Whale project, a thorough,
all-encompassing environmental review in co- operation with Ottawa, and the
hiring of the New York-based Burson- Marsteller public-relations firm to put
Great Whale into perspective and sell it to a suspicious and sometimes hostile
public.

Had Quebec done all those things two years ago, putting all its cards on the
environmental table and dealing openly and generously with the Cree, Great Whale
might be on its way. But Quebec did not, and the project is now so deeply in
trouble that even one of the world's largest public-relations firms will be hard
pressed to salvage it.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 17, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

American Airlines admits mishandling chemicals

BYLINE: Alan Levin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 368 words


In the first guilty plea by a major air carrier in a criminal
hazardous waste case, American Airlines agreed Thursday to pay
$ 8 million after admitting it mishandled dangerous chemicals.

American violated federal regulations from 1995 through this year
by carrying flammable, corrosive and poisonous materials. All
the aircraft involved carried passengers, federal officials said.
American CEO and Chairman Don Carty personally appeared in federal
court in Miami on Thursday to enter the guilty plea.

"I am here today to admit our error and apologize to our passengers,"
Carty said. "The government's investigation and our own extensive
internal review demonstrated that there were some clear omissions
in training and oversight in our handling of several incidents
involving the shipment of hazardous materials."

The investigation resulted from an incident in 1997 in which the
pesticide Dowicide was spilled while being loaded onto a passenger
jet at Miami International Airport. Passengers were evacuated
after breathing sickening fumes.

Investigators later raided American's facilities and discovered
a 1995 spill and fire at the Miami airport of the chemical Dioxital,
which can explode when exposed to heat. Instead of disposing of
the chemical after the fire, the airline left it at the airport
for more than three years. It had been shipped illegally from
Mexico to Miami aboard an American jet.

American admitted that incident was "one of a series." In other
cases, employees failed to heed information that cargo contained
hazardous materials, transported cartons without finding out what
they carried and mishandled cargo once they knew it contained
hazardous materials.

American agreed to pay $ 2 million to the Miami-Dade Fire Department's
hazardous materials division. The remaining $ 6 million fine will
be paid to the federal government.

In addition, American must begin a court-supervised program to
monitor hazardous waste handling at each of the more than 230
airports that it serves here and abroad.

"This is obviously not a happy day for our company," Carty said.
However, he promised "a better, safer American Airlines."



LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 17, 1999, Friday, FIRST EDITION

American Airlines admits mishandling chemicals

BYLINE: Alan Levin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 366 words


In the first guilty plea by a major air carrier in a criminal
hazardous waste case, American Airlines agreed Thursday to pay
$ 8 million after admitting it mishandled dangerous chemicals.

American violated federal regulations from 1995 through 1999 by
carrying flammable, corrosive and poisonous materials. All the
aircraft involved carried passengers, federal officials said.
American CEO and Chairman Don Carty personally appeared in federal
court in Miami on Thursday to enter the guilty plea.

"I am here today to admit our error and apologize to our passengers,"
Carty said. "The government's investigation and our own extensive
internal review demonstrated that there were some clear omissions
in training and oversight in our handling of several incidents
involving the shipment of hazardous materials."

The investigation resulted from a 1997 incident in which the pesticide
Dowicide was spilled while being loaded onto a passenger jet at
Miami International Airport. Passengers were evacuated after breathing
sickening fumes.

Investigators later raided American's facilities and discovered
a 1995 spill and fire at the Miami airport of the chemical Dioxital,
which can explode when exposed to heat. Instead of disposing of
the chemical after the fire, the airline left it at the airport
for more than three years. It had been shipped illegally from
Mexico to Miami aboard an American jet.

American admitted that incident was "one of a series." In other
cases, employees failed to heed information that cargo contained
hazardous materials, transported cartons without finding out what
they carried and mishandled cargo once they knew it contained
hazardous materials.

American agreed to pay $ 2 million to the Miami-Dade Fire Department's
hazardous materials division. The remaining $ 6 million fine will
be paid to the federal government.

In addition, American must begin a court-supervised program to
monitor hazardous waste handling at each of the more than 230
airports it serves here and abroad.

"This is obviously not a happy day for our company," Carty said.

But he promised "a better, safer American Airlines."



LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Barrasso Op-Ed: EPA needs Scott Pruitt

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Work has issued
the following press release:



 The Environmental Protection Agency needs reform.



 Anyone who doubts the deterioration at this once-respected agency should recall
the summer of 2015, when the EPA spilled more than 3 million gallons of toxic
wastewater into a Colorado river.





 Last month, the EPA denied $1.2 billion in damage claims from farmers, Native
American tribes and small businesses. This disaster followed the EPA's
mishandling of the water crisis in Flint, Mich.



 The government agency responsible for protecting the environment and the health
of Americans has been endangering the public's health.



 The EPA has become a bloated regulatory behemoth that has lost sight of the
needs of the American people and the environment. The agency's bureaucrats have
been more preoccupied with pushing punishing new regulations.



 This red tape killed thousands of jobs in energy-producing and manufacturing
states such as West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Indiana, North Dakota and
my state of Wyoming.



 Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, President Trump's nominee to lead the
EPA, is committed to protecting the environment -- ensuring clean air, water and
land -- while allowing the American economy to grow.



 Pruitt will be the strong leader the EPA needs. He has seen the consequences of
the agency's overreach, and he has worked to restore its original focus. He
negotiated a water rights settlement with tribes to preserve scenic lakes and
rivers.



 He worked with Dustin McDaniel, a Democrat and former Arkansas attorney
general, to reduce pollution in the Illinois River, which flows between their
two states. He stood up to oil and gas companies that polluted his state's air
and water.



 Pruitt has won bipartisan recognition and support. McDaniel called him a
"staunch defender of sound science and good policy as appropriate tools to
protect the environment."



 Scott Pruitt will be an excellent EPA administrator, committed to reform.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                               May 5, 2006 Friday
                                 First Edition

Ex-Georgia-Pacific worker gets jail;
Woman admits mishandling more than $395,000

BYLINE: WILLIAM F. WEST bwest@heraldsun; 419-6618

SECTION: REGION; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 636  words


OXFORD -- A 46-year-old Granville County woman was ordered to spend a year in
prison after confessing to having mishandled more than $395,000 of
Georgia-Pacific's money while in charge of the books at the corporation's wood
products plant near Creedmoor.

Katharina Hagwood Garner on Wednesday pleaded guilty to corporate malfeasance,
while her ex-boss, Michael David Green, has a criminal case pending against him
for allegedly aiding and abetting, Assistant District Attorney Cindy Bostic
said.

Bostic said Garner agreed to make $75,000 in restitution because Georgia-Pacific
wanted both recoverable funds and jail time for Garner and said that Garner has
repaid $30,000 that her defense attorney, Tom Burnette, had held in trust.

After Garner completes her sentence, she will face approximately two years of
probation, Bostic said.

Burnette declined comment Thursday.

But a court clerk on Thursday told The Herald-Sun that a May 15 trial date is
set in Superior Court for a lawsuit Georgia-Pacific filed last year against
Garner, her husband, Gary, and Green.

Katharina Garner, of 3549 U.S. 15, Oxford, was charged in April 2005 with
embezzlement, and Green, 51, of 5436 Stewartby Drive, Raleigh, was booked in
early June, arrest records state.

Katharina Garner had been free in lieu of $75,000 bond; Green remains out on
$20,000 bond.

According to Bostic, the allegations stemmed from an office employee at the
plant noticing a receipt for an approximately $400 purchase at Bed Bath & Beyond
and Garner claiming, in response, that the money was spent to upgrade the men's
rest room.

"That just red-flagged it," Bostic said.

Bostic said Georgia-Pacific personnel made a presentation to her and District
Attorney Sam Currin showing Garner spending the Atlanta-based corporation's
money for high-end mail order items for the home.

Bostic also said something seemed suspicious when receipts showed Garner spent
corporate money for gift cards from the Triangle's best malls when common sense
dictates the Creedmoor plant workers would not go to ritzy shops.

Garner's expenditures included a car stereo from Michael Jordan Nissan in Durham
and tuition for her daughter to attend Vance-Granville Community College, Bostic
said.

Though Georgia-Pacific's lawsuit is only one side of a legal argument, the
document, which is open to public inspection, offers more alleged details.

According to the suit, Garner was a responsible for finances at the Creedmoor
plant from 1987 until March 16, 2005, when she was fired after admitting to
embezzling, and that Green was a plant manager from 1993 until being discharged
March 17, 2005.

The suit claimed the corporation learned Garner used a procurement card and a
travel card for personal expenses and used her supervisor's computer password to
approve corporate payments, also for personal expenses.

In addition, she logged in fraudulent entries to manipulate the accounting
system so she could generate payments to divert to herself, the lawsuit claims.

The suit claims Green had a duty to review financial records and keep his
password secure.

But a most potentially sensitive claim in the suit is Georgia-Pacific's
assertion of having reason to believe Garner and Green had an intimate
relationship beyond normal business dealings.

The suit does not elaborate why, but the text does claim Green advised an
employee concerned about Garner's suspect expenditures that there was nothing to
worry about and that he had taken care of the matter.

Garner's husband is accused in the suit of being a recipient of his wife's
transfers of money after she started withdrawing from her 401(k) and benefits
plans after having been discovered embezzling.

Through attorneys, the Garners responded in court papers with denials and Green
responded in court papers with denials as well as a long list of counterclaims.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 4, 1996 Monday

Model campaign propels Clinton toward second term  President looks like shoo-in
for return to White House

BYLINE: BY GRAHAM FRASER Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1214 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


Bill Clinton is running a victory lap.

The U.S. President is cruising through the last days of his final campaign for
the sheer, almost physical pleasure of cruising across the country. The suspense
has gone; the challenge now is to discern the shape and form of his second
administration.

At 50, Mr. Clinton is on the brink of becoming the first Democratic president
since Franklin Roosevelt to be re-elected. He will likely join the ranks of
Ronald Reagan, Dwight Eisenhower, Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson as the only
presidents of the 20th century to serve two terms. (Richard Nixon was elected to
two terms but resigned in disgrace before his second was up.)

"The Clinton people have staged just a brilliant campaign," observed Professor
Stephen Wayne of Georgetown University. "The campaign, which is modelled after
Ronald Reagan's in 1984, is going to be the model for incumbents in years to
come."

The speculation now is only on the size of the victory, the shape of Congress
and whether the clouds on his presidency (financial scandals dating from his
years in Arkansas, a sexual-harassment case, the mishandling of Federal Bureau
of Investigation files, and now evidence of improper campaign fund raising)
will erupt during his second term.

Yesterday, he spanned the country from south to north, from Tampa and West Palm
Beach, Fla. to Union Township, N.J., Springfield, Mass., and Manchester N.H.
Today, he hits Cleveland, Lexington, Ky., and Cedar Rapids, Iowa, before
arriving late tonight in Little Rock, Ark.

At each stop, he spreads his uncanny mixture of optimism, folksy charm and the
evocation of challenges ahead. And here in Philadelphia, where last week a crowd
waited in the October sun for two hours to hear him, he was among passionate
admirers.

"I just love him, I love him," said Alberta Colvard, a middle-aged black woman.
"I think he's a wonderful President. He's such a personal President, I could
just hug him."

Kathryn Walsh, a law student, answered in precisely the terms that Clinton
campaign strategists would have hoped for when she was asked what she hoped for
from a second Clinton administration. "I'm hoping for more of the same,
frankly," she said. "The economy is looking up; he's doing a fine job."

And it is just that note of satisfaction and aspiration, optimism and hope for
the future that Mr. Clinton strikes.

He is one of the great campaigners of this century: Like Antaeus, the giant of
Greek mythology who became stronger when he touched the ground, the President
draws energy from the crowds. And his skill comes from the depth of his
enjoyment of the campaign process --  clearly he loves it.

U.S. citizens are familiar with his habits, his appetites, his strengths and his
flaws. His life has been studied with an intimacy and intensity previously left
to the biographers of former presidents. His letters to high-school girl
friends, the books he read at university, his marital transgressions, his
duplicities large and small have been written about in detail that has only
recently been revealed about John F. Kennedy.

"As best as we can tell from public-opinion information, voters have made their
peace with this President," said Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institution. "All
of his warts and his strengths have produced a package that has provided results
that they are happy with. And I would say it's more a referendum on how things
have gone in the country and in the community and in people's lives while Bill
Clinton has been President. Thus far, they're voting 'Aye.' "

Mr. Clinton's flaws may have contributed to the disillusionment with politics
--any observer can think of an example that suggests Mr. Clinton will say
absolutely anything to please his listeners -- but there are no surprises. His
weaknesses provoke more eye rolling than outrage, while his strengths have
managed to transform him into a reassuring figure.

For the U.S. right, the revival of Mr. Clinton is a source of enormous
frustration.

Right-wing columnists, talk-show hosts and politicians have worked themselves
into a frenzy of denunciation at various times over the past four years,
treating Mr. Clinton and his wife, Hillary, as figures of evil, almost
comparable to the convicted crack-smoking mayor of Washington, D.C., Marion
Barry, treating the President and his wife as though they were morally
degenerate, financially corrupt, ideologically driven and viciously
unprincipled.

Yet Mr. Clinton has survived the assault on his character, in part because he
has shown a strength and a fortitude that have belied the attacks, and in part
because his ideas were more conservative and more moderate than either his
conservative opponents or his liberal allies liked to believe.

His failed health-care proposal was introduced as much for conservative reasons
-- to make U.S. corporations more competitive in a global trading environment
where their international competitors did not have to pay for employee health
care -- as for liberal ones. And while he enraged many Democrats by signing
legislation that ends the federal guarantee of welfare for the poor, Mr. Clinton
had campaigned in 1992 vowing to "end welfare as we know it."

Certainly, he is vulnerable to attack on the question of ethics -- although the
record of his administration compares well with that of the Reagan
administration, which had an embarrassing number of officials indicted for
illegal activities. Indeed, Mr. Clinton's claim in 1993 that he would preside
over the most ethical administration in U.S. history has proven to be, in
retrospect, an unfortunate boast. He has been haunted both by his errors and
misjudgments while governor of Arkansas and by the efforts of his White House to
prevent those errors from being scrutinized.

As a result, there are a number of time bombs that may go off during Mr.
Clinton's second term -- a sufficient number that several Washington
commentators are comparing this election with that of 1972. Richard Nixon won a
landslide victory, but his efforts to hide the crimes and misdemeanours of his
associates in the White House led to his resignation.

The campaign itself has produced revelations of improper fund raising by both
major parties -- Republican fund raiser Simon Fireman has pleaded guilty and
agreed to a $6-million (U.S) fine for funnelling contributions through his
employees, and Democratic fund raiser John Huang is being questioned for illegal
fund raising among corporations in Indonesia and Taiwan.

After weeks of growing controversy over the fund-raising issue, Mr. Clinton was
forced to address it on Friday, and vowed to do something about campaign-
finance reform after the election.

"We have played by the rules," he insisted. "But I know, and you know, that it's
time to change the rules."

The issue is unlikely to change the outcome of the election, but it may prevent
Mr. Clinton from getting more than 50 per cent of the vote, and it may help
define the political agenda in the months ahead.

Mr. Clinton, in declaring that he will tackle the messy U.S. election- financing
system, has one major advantage over most of the other politicians who will be
elected to go to Washington tomorrow.  He will never have to be elected again.
He will be proposing changes that will affect only his successors.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 778 words

DATELINE: DENVER  AUSTIN, Texas  WASHINGTON  SAN DIEGO  SEATTLE


The Pentagon says it won't demote David Petraeus.

The retired Army general pleaded guilty last year to a misdemeanor charge of
mishandling classified information while CIA director.

That incident stemmed from an affair with his biographer.

The Defense Department has told a Senate committee that the Army has completed
its review of Petraeus' case and has recommended no additional action.

The Pentagon says Defense Secretary Ash Carter considers this matter closed.

Media reports had surfaced that indicated the Pentagon was considering
downgrading Petraeus to a three-star general. Such a move, if taken, would have
reduced his retirement salary.

One person was fatally shot and seven others were injured in a shooting and
stabbing at a motorcycle expo on Saturday, Denver police said.

Police Chief Robert White told reporters that it was unclear what prompted the
incident at the National Western Complex, where the Colorado Motorcycle Expo was
being held this weekend.

Police were interviewing several witnesses, including those being treated at the
hospital, and were also talking to one person of interest, he said.

Investigators believe there was an exchange of gunfire about 1 p.m. In addition
to the person who was shot and killed, three others were shot, another person
was stabbed and three others suffered injuries from a fistfight, White said.

Dr. Kevin McVaney of Denver Health Medical Center said earlier in the afternoon
that six people were admitted to the hospital. Three were in critical condition
and three were stable, he said.

Police were keeping a heavy presence at the hospital where the injured people
were being treated to prevent the incident from spreading from the expo. Other
events associated with the weekend expo have been canceled, White said.

Police spokeswoman Raquel Lopez said she couldn't say whether the incident was
gang related. No arrests have been made.

Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton may get approval to use donor money to fight
criminal charges of defrauding investors.

A state ethics board is expected to decide Monday if the Republican can lean on
supporters to cover what will likely be a lengthy and expensive courtroom
battle. Paxton was indicted last summer and has pleaded not guilty to two felony
counts of securities fraud.

Financial gifts to politicians are generally prohibited. But state ethics
regulators are considering letting Paxton accept money from out-of-state
sources, who are less likely to have cases or business before the Texas attorney
general.

Watchdogs say that would still invite troubling conflicts of interests.

Paxton has said he won't resign and has not received pressure from Gov. Greg
Abbott or other state leaders to step aside.

President Barack Obama will meet with Muslim community members this week in a
public show of support.

The White House says Obama plans to visit the Islamic Society of Baltimore on
Wednesday and hold talks with Muslim community members.

Obama has been outspoken in pushing back against calls by Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump and others to block Muslims from entering
the United States over fears of domestic terrorism linked to extremist groups.
Others have cited potential security risks in pushing legislation in Congress to
limit the resettlement of refugees from Syria and Iraq, where the Islamic State
group is active.

Obama says such efforts serve only to incite extremist groups and weaken U.S.
leadership around the world.

Federal authorities say an Ohio seminary student has been arrested in California
on suspicion of intending to travel to Mexico to have sex with a toddler or
baby.

Immigration and Customs Enforcement said in a statement that 23-year-old Joel
Wright was taken into custody after getting off a plane in San Diego.

Authorities say he had written emails to an undercover agent posing as a travel
guide that he wanted to adopt or purchase a female child under age 3 in Tijuana,
Mexico, for the purposes of having sex with her.

He's scheduled to be arraigned Monday.

Wright attends Pontifical College Josephinum in Columbus. A school spokesman,
the Rev. John Allen, tells the Columbus Dispatch they are shocked and saddened
at the reprehensible allegations. Wright has been expelled.

One of the two elephants that were at the center of a controversial move from
Seattle's Woodland Park Zoo to Oklahoma City last year has died.

KIRO-TV reports that the Oklahoma City Zoo announced Saturday morning over
Twitter that female elephant Chai was found dead in the elephant yard. Chai and
Bamboo arrived at their new home in Oklahoma City last spring.

Staff will perform an necropsy to determine the cause of her death.

From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

US football fumbles wife-beating crisis;
Sponsors are restless over the NFL's mishandling of allegations of domestic
violence by top players, writes Iain Dey in New York

BYLINE: Iain Dey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1122 words


IT WAS shortly before 3am when a police car pulled up outside Ray McDonald's
ivyclad mansion in the hills above Silicon Valley. The San Francisco 49ers star
had been celebrating his 30th birthday, when the mood turned sour.

Officers found McDonald's pregnant fiancée with bruises on her arms and neck.
The 21-stone defensive tackle, who earns $4m (£2.45m) a year, was arrested but
then released the next day after posting $25,000 bail.

In the three weeks since, McDonald has continued to turn out for the 49ers - in
spite of protests from domestic violence campaigners and local politicians and
increasing unease among sponsors.

McDonald is just one of several multimillionaire American football stars facing
accusations, or formal charges, of domestic violence or child abuse. With new
allegations emerging daily, the National Football League (NFL), the body that
runs the world's most lucrative sports league, is under pressure - not least
from its corporate sponsors.

"It used to be that football was front and centre from September until January.
Now the interest is 365 days a year," said Jim Andrews, senior vicepresident at
the sponsorship consultancy IEG.

The NFL has "until now, been doing a good job at bringing women into the game",
he added. "That's why they are worried."

After growing calls last week for his head, Roger Goodell, the NFL commissioner
who earned $44m last year, finally broke his silence to admit he had mishandled
the crisis.

"We made a mistake by letting our standards fall below where they should be," he
said in an extended mea culpa carried on front pages across America yesterday.
"I am not satisfied with the process we went through. I am not satisfied with
the conclusion." But Goodell made clear he was staying. Leading Republicans have
suggested Condoleezza Rice, the former secretary of state, as a possible
replacement.

Goodell's intervention came after Procter & Gamble cancelled a partnership with
the NFL, and Marriott Hotels said it was reviewing its sponsorship.

Other big backers including Nike and Anheuser-Busch, the brewing giant behind
Budweiser, had already expressed concern about the league's slow and haphazard
response to the crisis.

The scandal began with the case of Ray Rice, a $12m-ayear running back with the
Baltimore Ravens. Rice was banned for two games over the summer after being
indicted by a grand jury with assaulting his wife-to-be, Janay, in an Atlantic
City casino.

Two weeks ago, the celebrity gossip site TMZ published CCTV footage from the
casino lift showing Rice punching Janay unconscious before dragging her out and
leaving her face down on the ground.

As soon as the tape was revealed, the Ravens dropped Rice from the team, then
the NFL suspended him indefinitely. Yet numerous sources have claimed the NFL
knew what was on the tape all along - leading to allegations of a cover-up to
protect the name, and brand value, of the sport.

A litany of other cases has subsequently emerged that raises questions about the
response of the NFL and teams.

Adrian Peterson, a Minnesota Vikings star, faces up to two years in prison for
allegedly beating his four-year-old son with a tree branch, or "switch". The
team originally stood by Peterson - until Radisson Hotels dropped its
sponsorship and Nike stopped selling shirts bearing the player's name.

Another delayed reaction last week saw the Carolina Panthers suspend its
$13.1ma-year defensive end, Greg Hardy, two months after he was convicted of
assaulting his ex-girlfriend. A court found in July that Hardy dragged Nicole
Holder to a bath then flung her on to a futon covered in weap- ons before
threatening to kill her. Hardy has appealed.

The Arizona Cardinals suspended stand-in running back Jonathan Dwyer on
Wednesday after allegations that he assaulted his wife, causing a fracture, and
threw a shoe at, or towards, their 18-month-old son.

Not all the cases are cut and dried. McDonald, for example, is expected to cite
in his defence a previous altercation when his fiancée picked up a handgun.

In light of the publicity, however, NFL wives with stories dating back 10 years
or more have come forward to accuse the league of turning a blind eye to abuse.
Dewan Smith-Williams, whose husband Wally chased her with a baseball bat, claims
the NFL begged her not to go to the police when she called them for help but
then did little for her.

Abused women from across America have also been sharing their stories via social
media, using the hashtags #whyistayed and #whyileft.

Many of the players seem reluctant to accept the gravity of the problem,
offering public support for Peterson's decision to give his son a "whooping".
The players' union is appealing against Rice's suspension.

The pop star Rihanna was dragged into the row, after CBS ditched one of her
songs from its Thursday Night Football show. The 26-year-old appears to believe
this was because of her own case of domestic violence, at the hands of the
rapper Chris Brown, her ex-boyfriend. CBS denies this.

Football commands bigger audiences and more advertising dollars than any other
sport. Almost 27m people watched the opening games this year. Sponsorship was
worth $1.07bn last year.

The average NFL team is now worth $1.43bn, up 23% in a year, says Forbes
magazine. Stars in the NFL can earn more than Premier League footballers. Matt
Ryan of the Atlanta Falcons earned $42m (£26m) basic last year - about twothirds
more than Wayne Rooney will earn under his new deal with Manchester United.

There have been 87 arrests for domestic violence involving 80 NFL players since
2000. Charges are outstanding against 12 players.

Some analysts have suggested brain injuries sustained in the game could be a
contributory factor. Smith-Williams suggested her husband's aggression on the
field spilled over into the home. Others blame money.

"Just because you have an expensive car, an expensive necklace, you wear
expensive shoes and go to expensive nightclubs, that does not validate you as a
human being," said Leigh Anne Tuohy, whose adopted son Michael Oher plays for
the Tennessee Titans.

The story of how Tuohy welcomed Oher into her family was turned into the 2009
film The Blind Side, which produced an Oscar-winning role for Sandra Bullock.

Tuohy believes the players are being made scapegoats, but that the NFL should
also do more to protect youngsters who earn millions of dollars straight from
college.

"If you say 'I am going to fine you X amount for using a particular word or
engaging in a particular behaviour', they don't care - they will just write you
a cheque," she said.

@iaindey An advert intended to attract women to NFL games has been altered in a
protest against the abuse

THE NFL HAD BEEN BRINGING WOMEN INTO THE GAME. THAT'S WHY THEY ARE WORRIED

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray McDonald is accused of leaving his pregnant wife-to-be with bruises
to the arms and neck

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STSscot


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

US football fumbles wife-beating crisis;
Sponsors are restless over the NFL's mishandling of allegations of domestic
violence by top players, writes Iain Dey in New York

BYLINE: Iain Dey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1105 words


IT WAS shortly before 3am when a police car pulled up outside Ray McDonald's
ivyclad mansion in the hills above Silicon Valley. The San Francisco 49ers star
had been celebrating his 30th birthday, when the mood turned sour.

Officers found McDonald's pregnant fiancée with bruises on her arms and neck.
The 21-stone defensive tackle, who earns $4m ((EURO)3.1m) a year, was arrested
but then released the next day after posting $25,000 bail.

In the three weeks since, McDonald has continued to turn out for the 49ers - in
spite of protests from domestic violence campaigners and local politicians and
increasing unease among sponsors.

McDonald is just one of several multimillionaire American football stars facing
accusations, or formal charges, of domestic violence or child abuse. With new
allegations emerging daily, the National Football League (NFL), the body that
runs the world's most lucrative sports league, is under pressure - not least
from its corporate sponsors.

"It used to be that football was front and centre from September until January.
Now the interest is 365 days a year," said Jim Andrews, senior vicepresident at
the sponsorship consultancy IEG.

The NFL has "until now, been doing a good job at bringing women into the game",
he added. "That's why they are worried."

After growing calls last week for his head, Roger Goodell, the NFL's $44m-a-year
commissioner, finally broke his silence to admit he had mishandled the crisis.

"We made a mistake by letting our standards fall below where they should be," he
said in an extended mea culpa carried on front pages across America yesterday.
"I am not satisfied with the process we went through. I am not satisfied with
the conclusion." But Goodell made clear he was staying. Leading Republicans have
suggested Condoleezza Rice, the former secretary of state, as a possible
replacement.

Goodell's intervention came after Procter & Gamble cancelled a partnership with
the NFL, and Marriott Hotels said it was reviewing its sponsorship.

Other big backers including Nike and Anheuser-Busch, the brewing giant behind
Budweiser, had already expressed concern about the league's slow and haphazard
response to the crisis.

The scandal began with the case of Ray Rice, a $12m-ayear running back with the
Baltimore Ravens. Rice was banned for two games over the summer after being
indicted by a grand jury with assaulting his wife-to-be, Janay, in an Atlantic
City casino.

Two weeks ago, the celebrity gossip site TMZ published CCTV footage from the
casino lift showing Rice punching Janay unconscious before dragging her out and
leaving her face down on the ground.

As soon as the tape was revealed, the Ravens dropped Rice from the team, then
the NFL suspended him indefinitely. Yet numerous sources have claimed the NFL
knew what was on the tape all along - leading to allegations of a cover-up to
protect the name, and brand value, of the sport.

A litany of other cases has subsequently emerged that raises questions about the
response of the NFL and teams.

Adrian Peterson, a Minnesota Vikings star, faces up to two years in prison for
allegedly beating his four-year-old son with a tree branch, or "switch". The
team originally stood by Peterson - until Radisson Hotels dropped its
sponsorship and Nike stopped selling shirts bearing the player's name.

Another delayed reaction last week saw the Carolina Panthers suspend its
$13.1ma-year defensive end, Greg Hardy, two months after he was convicted of
assaulting his ex-girlfriend. A court found in July that Hardy dragged Nicole
Holder to a bath then flung her on to a futon covered in weap- ons before
threatening to kill her. Hardy has appealed.

The Arizona Cardinals suspended stand-in running back Jonathan Dwyer on
Wednesday after allegations that he assaulted his wife, causing a fracture, and
threw a shoe at, or towards, their 18-month-old son.

Not all the cases are cut and dried. McDonald, for example, is expected to cite
in his defence a previous altercation when his fiancée picked up a handgun.

In light of the publicity, however, NFL wives with stories dating back 10 years
or more have come forward to accuse the league of turning a blind eye to abuse.
Dewan Smith-Williams, whose husband Wally chased her with a baseball bat, claims
the NFL begged her not to go to the police when she called them for help but
then did little for her.

Abused women from across America have also been sharing their stories via social
media, using the hashtags #whyistayed and #whyileft.

Many of the players seem reluctant to accept the gravity of the problem,
offering public support for Peterson's decision to give his son a "whooping".
The players' union is appealing against Rice's suspension.

The pop star Rihanna was dragged into the row, after CBS ditched one of her
songs from its Thursday Night Football show. The 26-year-old appears to believe
this was because of her own case of domestic violence, at the hands of the
rapper Chris Brown, her ex-boyfriend. CBS denies this.

Football commands bigger audiences and more advertising dollars than any other
sport. Almost 27m people watched the opening games this year. Sponsorship was
worth $1.07bn last year.

The average NFL team is now worth $1.43bn, up 23% in a year, says Forbes
magazine. Stars in the NFL can earn more than Premier League footballers. Matt
Ryan of the Atlanta Falcons earned $42m (£26m) basic last year - about twothirds
more than Wayne Rooney will earn under his new deal with Manchester United.

There have been 87 arrests for domestic violence involving 80 NFL players since
2000.

Charges are outstanding against 12 players.

Some analysts have suggested brain injuries sustained in the game could be a
contributory factor. Smith-Williams suggested her husband's aggression on the
field spilled over into the home. Others blame money.

"Just because you have an expensive car, an expensive necklace, you wear
expensive shoes and go to expensive nightclubs, that does not validate you as a
human being," said Leigh Anne Tuohy, whose adopted son Michael Oher plays for
the Tennessee Titans.

The story of how Tuohy welcomed Oher into her family was turned into the 2009
film The Blind Side, which produced an Oscar-winning role for Sandra Bullock.

Tuohy believes the players are being made scapegoats, but that the NFL should
also do more to protect youngsters who earn millions of dollars straight from
college.

"If you say 'I am going to fine you X amount for using a particular word or
engaging in a particular behaviour', they don't care - they will just write you
a cheque," she said.

@iaindey

THE NFL HAD BEEN BRINGING WOMEN INTO THE GAME. THAT'S WHY THEY ARE WORRIED

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray McDonald is accused of leaving his pregnant wife-to-be with bruises
to the arms and neckAn advert intended to attract women to NFL games has been
altered in a protest against the abuse

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Carleton Place

                             April 12, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Washington Post wins 4 Pulitzers

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


NEW YORK - The Herald Courier of Bristol, Va., won the Pulitzer Prize for public
service Monday for its reporting on the mishandling of natural gas royalties
owed to thousands of landowners in Virginia.

The Washington Post received four Pulitzers - for international reporting,
feature writing, commentary and criticism. The New York Times won two - for
national reporting and explanatory reporting.

ProPublica, a non-profit investigative-journalism service, won one of two
Pulitzers awarded for investigative reporting for a story on the life-and-death
decisions made by doctors at a New Orleans hospital during Hurricane Katrina.
The story was a collaboration with The New York Times Magazine.

The other prize for investigative reporting went to the Philadelphia Daily News
for exposing a rogue police narcotics squad.

The Seattle Times staff was honoured in the breaking news category for its
coverage of the shooting deaths of four police officers in a coffee shop. The
Pulitzer for local reporting went to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel for a series
of stories on fraud and abuse in a child-care program for poor working parents.

The Dallas Morning News won for editorial writing.

Mark Fiore, a self-syndicated artist whose animated cartoons appear on the San
Francisco Chronicle website, SFGate.com, was honoured for editorial cartooning.

The Des Moines Register won for breaking-news photography for capturing a
rescuer trying to save a woman trapped beneath a dam, and the Denver Post was
honoured for feature photography for a portrait of a teenager who joined the
Army at the height of insurgent violence in Iraq.

The Herald Courier was honoured for the work of Daniel Gilbert, whose reporting
on natural gas royalties led lawmakers to take corrective action.

The Washington Post's award for international reporting went to Anthony Shadid
for what the Pulitzer board called Òhis rich, beautifully written seriesÓ on
Iraq as the U.S. military gets ready to withdraw. The newspaperÕs Gene
Weingarten won in feature writing for a piece on parents who accidentally kill
their children by leaving them in cars.

The Post also won in commentary for Kathleen Parker's witty columns on political
and moral issues, and in criticism, for Sarah Kaufman's writing on dance.

The New York Times won for national reporting for a series of stories in print
and online on distracted driving, and for explanatory reporting for exposing
defects in federal food-safety regulations.

The Pulitzers are the most prestigious awards in U.S. journalism and are given
out annually by Columbia University on the recommendation of a board of
distinguished journalists and others. Each award carries a $10,000 prize except
for the public service award, which is a gold medal.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 21, 1985, Saturday, Final Edition

Lakers Test Climbing Bullets;
Champions' Elegance vs. 'Winning Ugly' Is a Sellout

BYLINE: By Anthony Cotton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; B1

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 20, 1985


The Washington Bullets' attempt to build a new home court winning streak will
face a stern test Saturday night when they face the Los Angeles Lakers before a
sellout crowd at Capital Centre.

The Utah Jazz ended a nine-game run at home by the Bullets by defeating them,
106-98, Tuesday. However, Washington rebounded with a road win of its own,
defeating the Bulls, 98-92, Thursday night in Chicago.

In the town that invented the phrase "winning ugly," the Bullets lent further
definition to it, shooting just 44 percent from the field and mishandling the
ball for a total of 23 turnovers.

There were some redeeming factors, though, including a 57-46 edge in rebounding,
five players in double-figure scoring and a defensive effort that held the Bulls
to 37 percent accuracy from the field.

"If we get efforts like that we'll be in a lot of games," said Washington Coach
Gene Shue. "That's the way we have to play to win (in the absence of center Jeff
Ruland, out with a fractured left ankle) -- slow things down, control the game's
tempo and play great defense."

All of the above will be necessary against a Los Angeles juggernaut that tonight
at Cleveland won its 23rd of 26 games this season. Playing their second game in
two nights Wednesday in Milwaukee, the champion Lakers played what passes for
subpar for them and still emerged with a victory over one of the NBA's better
teams.

"And the Bucks were up for the game," said forward James Worthy. "That's how it
is with us, everyone comes looking for us and they usually play their best
games."

Whatever the opposition's best is hasn't mattered very often.

Center Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Worthy and guard Earvin (Magic) Johnson seem to take
turns deciding which one will play the role of hero in any given contest. Add to
that performers of the quality of Michael Cooper, Byron Scott, Maurice Lucas and
Kurt Rambis, yet more depth in Mitch Kupchak, Mike McGee and Larry Spriggs and
it's easy to see why the team has accomplished so much.

Of particular importance to Washington will be coming up with a way to slow down
the visitors' running game. The Lakers are the highest-scoring team in the NBA,
often scoring fast-break baskets even after the opposition has made shots from
the field.

Fatigue may be one factor that could work in the Bullets' favor. Tonight's game
will be the fourth in five nights for Los Angeles.

But Coach Pat Riley says his team reponds well to challenges. Besides the
sellout crowd, there's also the incentive of going against Manute Bol, whose
defense spearheaded the victory over Chicago.

"The big fella is it, that's all I've got to say," said Cliff Robinson, who
scored 27 points and even outrebounded Bol, 17-13, against the Bulls. "He is a
force to be reckoned with, that's for sure."

And against Abdul-Jabbar?

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               November 30, 2003 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

U.S. Army officer in Cuba accused of security breach

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 762 words

DATELINE: MIAMI; PORTLAND, Ore.; GRAND FORKS, N.D.; BENTONVILLE, Ark.


A senior Army intelligence officer was charged Saturday with violating security
at the Guantanamo Bay prison - the highest-ranking soldier so far swept up in a
crackdown on mishandling of classified information at the offshore prison for
al-Qaida and Taliban suspects.

Col. Jackie Duane Farr, 58, is accused of two violations of the Uniformed Code
of Military Justice: making a false statement and failure to follow orders.
Conviction of the crimes could carry a maximum combined punishment of seven
years in prison, a dishonorable discharge and a loss of pay.

The U.S. Southern Command in Miami announced the charges, which add to the
continuing scandal over classified material being removed from the island Navy
base. So far, two Arabic translators and a Muslim chaplain have been charged
with violations ranging from espionage to adultery.

Until recently, Farr was director of the intelligence collection operation in
the so-called Joint Interrogations Group, said Lt. Col. Pamela Hart, a
Guantanamo spokeswoman. The group has teams of interrogators and analysts who
each week question about half of the 660 prisoners being held at Camp Delta, a
sprawling prison camp for captives taken in Afghanistan in the war on terror.

The other three suspects, all Muslim, are: Senior Airman Ahmed Halabi, facing
the most serious charges in an Air Force court in California; former civilian
linguist Ahmed Mehalba, who is accused in a federal court in Massachusetts of
carrying classified material from Guantanamo; and Army Capt. James "Youseff"
Yee, who recently had adultery and other charges added to his case.

Farr is not Muslim, Hart said Saturday.

Details were scant about the case. Navy Lt. Cmdr. Chris Loundermon said Saturday
that protected material was found in the colonel's luggage as he was about to
board a flight and leave the base in October.

"Inspectors discovered classified information in Col. Farr's belongings in an
inspection of his luggage prior to departing Guantanamo Bay, Oct. 11. These
inspections are routine at Guantanamo Bay," he said.

But the crux of the case, according to his military charge sheet, was that Farr
allegedly lied in a subsequent interview about his supervision of classified
material when he said: "It was always locked up, in my presence and none of it
would have left the island."

3 dead in care center murder-suicide, police say

PORTLAND, Ore. - A man suffering from dementia shot and killed his wife and
another man before putting the gun to his head and pulling the trigger at a care
center where they all lived, police said Saturday.

Authorities said there was a history of problems between the man they said was
the shooter, 86-year-old Frank Kykendall, and the other man, 80-year-old Joe
Bruscia.

"But nothing that would telegraph that this was coming," said Sgt. Scott McKee
of the Eugene police department.

The three were residents of the memory care unit at the Alpine Court assisted
living center in Eugene, and the two victims also suffered from dementia.

Investigators were trying to determine how Kykendall got a gun. McKee said at
least six workers were on duty at the center at the time of the shooting.

Reward rises in case of missing N.D. student

GRAND FORKS, N.D. - The number of tips has surpassed 800 and the reward money
has reached $140,000, but police still have no suspects in the disappearance of
a University of North Dakota student last seen at a shopping mall a week ago.

Authorities on Saturday asked for 200 volunteers to comb areas of Grand Forks
County on Sunday in the search for Dru Sjodin. More than 1,300 people looked for
her last week, but authorities have worked alone since Wednesday.

Sjodin, 22, was last seen Nov. 22 after leaving work at the Columbia Mall in
Grand Forks. Authorities believe she might have been abducted while talking to
her boyfriend on her cell phone.

"One small lead could be the thing that leads us to Dru," said Grand Forks
police Sgt. Michael Hedlund, who added that about 15 FBI agents are assisting in
the investigation.

A reward fund has been set up at Lakes State Bank in Pequot Lakes, Minn., where
Sjodin graduated high school.

Wal-Mart sells more than $1.52-billion in one day

BENTONVILLE, Ark. - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Saturday it hit a single-day
company sales record during the traditional day-after-Thanksgiving shopping
sprees, taking in more than $1.52-billion nationally.

Last year, Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, reported sales of
$1.43-billion for the Friday after Thanksgiving.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               November 30, 2003 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

U.S. Army officer in Cuba accused of security breach

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 762 words

DATELINE: MIAMI; PORTLAND, Ore.; GRAND FORKS, N.D.; BENTONVILLE, Ark.


A senior Army intelligence officer was charged Saturday with violating security
at the Guantanamo Bay prison - the highest-ranking soldier so far swept up in a
crackdown on mishandling of classified information at the offshore prison for
al-Qaida and Taliban suspects.

Col. Jackie Duane Farr, 58, is accused of two violations of the Uniformed Code
of Military Justice: making a false statement and failure to follow orders.
Conviction of the crimes could carry a maximum combined punishment of seven
years in prison, a dishonorable discharge and a loss of pay.

The U.S. Southern Command in Miami announced the charges, which add to the
continuing scandal over classified material being removed from the island Navy
base. So far, two Arabic translators and a Muslim chaplain have been charged
with violations ranging from espionage to adultery.

Until recently, Farr was director of the intelligence collection operation in
the so-called Joint Interrogations Group, said Lt. Col. Pamela Hart, a
Guantanamo spokeswoman. The group has teams of interrogators and analysts who
each week question about half of the 660 prisoners being held at Camp Delta, a
sprawling prison camp for captives taken in Afghanistan in the war on terror.

The other three suspects, all Muslim, are: Senior Airman Ahmed Halabi, facing
the most serious charges in an Air Force court in California; former civilian
linguist Ahmed Mehalba, who is accused in a federal court in Massachusetts of
carrying classified material from Guantanamo; and Army Capt. James "Youseff"
Yee, who recently had adultery and other charges added to his case.

Farr is not Muslim, Hart said Saturday.

Details were scant about the case. Navy Lt. Cmdr. Chris Loundermon said Saturday
that protected material was found in the colonel's luggage as he was about to
board a flight and leave the base in October.

"Inspectors discovered classified information in Col. Farr's belongings in an
inspection of his luggage prior to departing Guantanamo Bay, Oct. 11. These
inspections are routine at Guantanamo Bay," he said.

But the crux of the case, according to his military charge sheet, was that Farr
allegedly lied in a subsequent interview about his supervision of classified
material when he said: "It was always locked up, in my presence and none of it
would have left the island."

3 dead in care center murder-suicide, police say

PORTLAND, Ore. - A man suffering from dementia shot and killed his wife and
another man before putting the gun to his head and pulling the trigger at a care
center where they all lived, police said Saturday.

Authorities said there was a history of problems between the man they said was
the shooter, 86-year-old Frank Kykendall, and the other man, 80-year-old Joe
Bruscia.

"But nothing that would telegraph that this was coming," said Sgt. Scott McKee
of the Eugene police department.

The three were residents of the memory care unit at the Alpine Court assisted
living center in Eugene, and the two victims also suffered from dementia.

Investigators were trying to determine how Kykendall got a gun. McKee said at
least six workers were on duty at the center at the time of the shooting.

Reward rises in case of missing N.D. student

GRAND FORKS, N.D. - The number of tips has surpassed 800 and the reward money
has reached $140,000, but police still have no suspects in the disappearance of
a University of North Dakota student last seen at a shopping mall a week ago.

Authorities on Saturday asked for 200 volunteers to comb areas of Grand Forks
County on Sunday in the search for Dru Sjodin. More than 1,300 people looked for
her last week, but authorities have worked alone since Wednesday.

Sjodin, 22, was last seen Nov. 22 after leaving work at the Columbia Mall in
Grand Forks. Authorities believe she might have been abducted while talking to
her boyfriend on her cell phone.

"One small lead could be the thing that leads us to Dru," said Grand Forks
police Sgt. Michael Hedlund, who added that about 15 FBI agents are assisting in
the investigation.

A reward fund has been set up at Lakes State Bank in Pequot Lakes, Minn., where
Sjodin graduated high school.

Wal-Mart sells more than $1.52-billion in one day

BENTONVILLE, Ark. - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said Saturday it hit a single-day
company sales record during the traditional day-after-Thanksgiving shopping
sprees, taking in more than $1.52-billion nationally.

Last year, Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, reported sales of
$1.43-billion for the Friday after Thanksgiving.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 29, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Lee May Have Unwittingly Told Secrets, Official Says

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 1203 words

DATELINE: ALBUQUERQUE, Dec. 28


A top nuclear weapons designer at Los Alamos National Laboratory testified today
in U.S. District Court that physicist Wen Ho Lee told him in a brief
conversation last February that he may have inadvertently passed classified
nuclear weapons data to a foreign country.

But the weapons designer, Richard Krajcik, conceded under cross-examination that
he might have misunderstood Lee. He also acknowledged that he and Lee later
argued over the possibility that classified weapons information was
inadvertently contained in scientific articles written by Lee that were reviewed
and approved for publication by his superiors at Los Alamos.

Krajcik's dramatic testimony represented the first time any U.S. official has
publicly offered evidence that Lee may have passed classified information to
another country since the former Los Alamos physicist was fired in March for
security violations and identified by government officials as an espionage
suspect.

Krajcik testified that Lee came to his office late one afternoon in February,
having just been informed that he had failed an FBI polygraph investigation into
whether he failed to report contacts with Chinese scientists.

"He then indicated to me that while he did not intentionally pass on
[classified] information to a foreign country, he may have accidentally passed
[classified] information to a foreign country," Krajcik said.

His testimony was attacked during cross-examination by Lee's lead defense
attorney, Mark Holscher, who established through a series of questions that
Krajcik failed to mention Lee's remark to FBI agents for five months, even
though he was assisting them in a criminal investigation into China's apparent
theft of design secrets related to the W-88, America's most sophisticated
thermonuclear weapon.

Holscher pointed out that Krajcik, assisting FBI agents, argued with Lee during
an all-day interrogation on March 5 about whether articles Lee had written with
lab approval inadvertently disclosed classified information. Holscher also
released copies of a Department of Energy polygraph examination that Lee passed
on Dec. 23, 1998, in which he was asked whether he had ever committed espionage,
inadvertently passed information to China or associated with anyone who
committed espionage.

Holscher said Lee's scores, determined by three separate department polygraph
reviewers, "were off-the-charts truthful."

As for Lee's truthfulness during the FBI-administered polygraph in February, FBI
agent Robert A. Messemer took the witness stand after Krajcik and testified that
Lee was deceptive when asked about his failure to report contacts with Chinese
scientists during approved trips he made to Beijing in 1986 and 1988.

In describing Lee's polygraph results, Messemer revealed for the first time that
Lee, during the polygraph examination, admitted helping a Chinese nuclear
weapons scientist solve a problem during his 1986 trip. Messemer also testified
that Lee, having admitted during his Department of Energy polygraph to having a
clandestine hotel meeting with Chinese officials in 1988, subsequently told FBI
examiners that he also provided assistance during that trip to a Chinese
scientist.

The court recessed tonight before Messemer could be cross-examined by Lee's
attorneys.

Testimony from Krajcik and Messemer came during the second day of a bail hearing
requested by Lee's attorneys. Prosecutors are trying to keep Lee in jail for up
to a year while he awaits trial on 59 felony counts of mishandling classified
information.

U.S. Attorney John J. Kelly has argued in court papers that Lee's inability to
account for computer tapes containing nuclear secrets sufficient to build a
thermonuclear weapon, coupled with a pattern of deception at Los Alamos, makes
his release on bail a threat to national security.

Lee's attorneys have asked Judge James A. Parker to revoke a magistrate's Dec.
13 denial of bail, arguing that an exhaustive FBI investigation has failed to
turn up any evidence that the 59-year-old scientist revealed--or intended to
reveal--any of the classified information he downloaded from Los Alamos's secure
computer system to any unauthorized parties.

Lee was indicted Dec. 10 on 59 felony counts of mishandling classified
information downloaded in 1993 and 1994. He is accused of transferring nearly
all of the computer files--the equivalent of more than 800,000 pages of
information--to 10 computer tapes. Prosecutors say seven tapes are missing.

Lee's attorneys say the tapes have been destroyed, asserting that Lee began
deleting numerous classified files in his possession after he was transferred
out of Los Alamos's top secret X Division in December 1998 and realized he was
no longer cleared for such access.

While U.S. authorities identified Lee as a suspect in the Chinese espionage case
at the time of his firing in March, they have subsequently acknowledged that
they do not now have any evidence showing Lee spied for China or any other
foreign government.

Lee's downloading of classified material was not discovered by investigators
until late March, weeks after he was fired and publicly identified as an
espionage suspect, and Kelly has said in court papers filed here that the
charges brought against Lee for downloading nuclear weapons data are unrelated
to the earlier espionage probe.

Prosecutors offered Krajcik's testimony about his brief conversation with Lee in
February not to support espionage charges but to to bolster their contention
that Lee remains a national security threat who should be denied bail.

Krajcik testified that Lee downloaded the "crown jewels" of America's nuclear
weapons program from a secure to an unsecure network, which "increases the risk
to 270 million Americans. . . . The specific risk is that [unauthorized users]
could develop nuclear weapons that they wouldn't have been able to produce
before."

But in cross-examining Krajcik and another Los Alamos official, Lee's attorneys
have asserted that Lee never took a number of obvious steps, such as changing
file names and deleting files, that would have made it harder for security
officials to track his actions--steps that would have been taken, they said, by
a spy or an avowed enemy of the United States.

Lee's lawyers have also attacked the government's claim that Lee surreptitiously
set out to "cover his tracks" by deleting classified files after it became clear
to him in January and February that he was under investigation for espionage.
Under cross-examination, Los Alamos computer official Cheryl Wampler
acknowledged that Lee called Los Alamos's computer help desk in January, three
days after he was interviewed by FBI agents, and asked for help in deleting
classified files.

At the close of testimony Monday, Parker asked Krajcik what harm it would do to
let Lee out of jail on bail.

"If he were available to talk to people about the codes," Krajcik said, "he
could pass on valuable information to people about [how to use] the codes."

To which Parker, perhaps offering a glimpse of how he was leaning on the
question of bail, replied: "So it comes down to restricting his ability to
communicate with others."


LOAD-DATE: December 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     December 9, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

Agent says chaplain's papers suspicious

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: News; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: FORT BENNING, Ga.

A customs agent testified Monday he found "suspicious" documents related to
national security in the backpack of a Muslim chaplain accused of mishandling
classified documents from the U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

Army Capt. James Yee, 35, is charged with disobeying an order by taking home
classified material from the prison and improperly transporting it. He also
faces charges of making a false statement, storing pornography on a government
computer and adultery -- a criminal offence under military law.

Yee is one of four people at the military's high-security prison to be arrested
since September. The preliminary hearing that began Monday will determine if Yee
should be court-martialled.

Special Agent Sean Rafferty, who works as a customs inspector in Jacksonville,
Fla., said he was tipped off to watch for Yee at the airport there as Yee
returned from the Cuba base. He would not say who in federal law enforcement
gave him the tip.

He said he searched the backpack Yee carried off the plane and found two
pocket-sized notebooks, a paper on Syria and a typed list of names and numbers
with the top torn off.

"I found numerous notes of a suspicious nature," Rafferty testified by telephone
from Jacksonville. "It was determined the documents were of interest to national
security."

After a brief recess so Yee's lawyer, Eugene Fidell, could interview the man for
the first time, Rafferty said under questioning that none of the material was
marked "secret" or "classified."

Fidell said a paper on Syria included in the material was part of Yee's work as
a graduate student.

Yee was detained Sept. 10 after the flight to Jacksonville and served 67 days in
a navy brig in Charleston, S.C., before the army released him. The government
then filed the additional charges, including adultery.

The first witness to testify Monday was navy reserve officer Lieut. Caren
Wallace, who said she had sex with Yee at his quarters in Guantanamo, and at a
motel in Orlando, Fla., where he was attending a conference.

Yee was accompanied into the hearing by his parents, wife and four-year-old
daughter.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Dave Martin, Associated Press; Army Capt. James Yee
carries his daughter Sarah, 4, away from his military hearing at Fort Benning,
Ga., Monday. Yee, 35, is charged with taking home classified material from the
U.S. prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.

TYPE: Crime

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Mishandling of Illegal Immigrant Minors Continues

LENGTH: 1222  words


As a large number of unaccompanied children continue to illegally cross the
border into south Texas, the Obama administration has resorted to unorthodox
methods to deal with the problem. These include housing the detained children at
U.S. military bases and simply shipping the overflow to other states, mainly
Arizona.
Britain's Daily Mail reported on June 10 that the Obama administration plans to
establish facilities to house children who have migrated illegally into the
United States without parents or relatives at Fort Sill, Oklahoma. Senior
administration officials, who asked not to be identified, told reporters that
the facilities at Fort Sill will initially be used to house 600 "unaccompanied
minors," but eventually will be expanded to accommodate up to 1,200.


The Fort Sill housing facilities will supplement similar quarters the Obama
administration has opened at Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, and
Naval Base Ventura County near Oxnard, California.
In recent months, what has been described as a tidal wave of unaccompanied
children mostly from Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala has come across the
border illegally, only to be arrested by Immigration and Customs Enforcement
(ICE) officials. They usually have come trying to join a parent who is already
here illegally. However, The Department of Homeland Security said in a statement
to CNN that many of the youthful illegals have come here on their own, having
neither relatives in this country with whom they might be reunited nor anyone
back home to take custody of them were they to be deported. It is also possible
that some of these children will not reveal the names of their parents who are
here illegally, for fear their parents might be arrested and deported.
ICE officials, according to policy, do not keep children in detention. They are,
instead, transferred to the Department of Health and Human Services' Office of
Refugee Resettlement to be housed in shelters, including those on the military
bases and elsewhere, with the objective of reuniting them with parents or
guardians. However, if their parents are here illegally and hiding from
authorities, that may be a nearly impossible task.
With the numbers of minor illegal immigrants reaching crisis proportions, the
Obama administration is frantically searching for a way to extricate itself from
this sticky situation, which does not help its case for "immigration reform."
Reuters has reported that the administration is seeking about $2 billion for HHS
to administer this influx in fiscal 2015, which begins on October 1, which is
more than double the $868 million appropriated for this function this year.

That is not the only area where the administration has asked for more money to
deal with the problem of unaccompanied children who have come to America
illegally. We wrote recently that on June 2, the White House issued a
presidential memorandum directing the secretary of Homeland Security to
establish an interagency "Unified Coordination Group" which will be created,
said President Obama, in "response to the influx of unaccompanied alien children
across the southwest border."
In response to the administration's announcement, Senator Jeff Sessions,
(R-Ala.) posted a statement about the crisis on his Senate webpage on June 3,
which read read, in part:
The rising crisis at the border is the direct and predictable result of actions
taken by President Obama. He and his Administration have announced to the world
that they will not enforce America's immigration laws, and have emphasized in
particular that foreign youth will be exempted from these laws. The world has
heard the President's call, and illegal immigrants are pouring across the border
in pursuit of his promised amnesty. President Obama is responsible for this
calamity, and only by declaring to the world that our border is no longer open -
and that the law will be restored - can this emergency be stopped.
Sessions noted that even the editorially liberal New York Times has reported
that the Obama administration's lack of enforcement has become widely known
throughout Latin America, saying that it might as well hang a sign saying "open"
across the U.S. border.
Documentary filmmaker and entrepreneur Dennis Michael Lynch (producer of They
Come to America and They Come to America II) spoke about this crisis with Fox
News host and commentator Megyn Kelly on June 9, stating, "Entire villages are
emptying out and coming from Central America through Mexico to the United
States." He called the influx so far just "the tip of the iceberg."
Also on June 9, Kelly invited former New Jersey Superior Court Judge Andrew
Napolitano to speak about the unaccompanied children crisis on her program, The
Kelly File. Napolitano pulled no punches on putting the blame squarely on Obama
for not enforcing present immigration law: "The president of the United States
personally and directly caused this with a telephone and a pen," Napolitano
said, explaining that Obama has been encouraging illegal immigration.
Continuing with his take on the administration's $2-billion request from
Congress to fix the problem that his administration's lax enforcement problems
created, Napolitano said, "This may energize the president's base for the
November elections, but this will totally alienate independents and middle
Americans who will have to pay for this."

An AP report explained some of the logistical difficulties contributing to the
challenge of dealing with illegal immigrants from Central America.
A prime difference between recent illegal immigrants and those coming here years
ago is that Hondurans, Salvadorans, and Guatemalans now make up about 75 percent
of illegals caught in South Texas, whereas previously most people who crossed
the border illegally originated in Mexico. Deporting someone back to Mexico
involved only busing them as far as the border, while deporting someone to
Central America requires putting them on a government flight back to their
homeland, a much more expensive and time-consuming proposition.
When many of the illegal immigrants are minors, the problem is compounded, since
ICE has no one to ship them home to. However, ICE's (and DHS's) alternate plan
of action has proven to be disastrous. Many are flown to states other than
Texas, where they were apprehended. One major destination is Nogales, Arizona,
where about 700 such children currently sleep on plastic boards in a warehouse
operated by the Border Patrol.
A Reuters news report on June 9 noted that nearly 1,000 unaccompanied minors had
been sent from overflowing facilities in southern Texas to the warehouse
building in Nogales.
"As long as the flow continues at this rate in Texas, they are going to continue
to send people here," said Andy Adame, a border patrol spokesman in Tucson,
Arizona. "There's no doubt about it."
A question that we have seen no one raise, much less answer, is how these
thousands of children from poor areas of Central America manage to find their
way - en masse - about 1,800 miles through Mexico's rough roads to arrive in
south Texas. While we cannot determine who is coordinating and assisting with
their efforts, it is obvious that these children did not accomplish this
Herculean feat all on their own. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Bears' woes cloud offseason

BYLINE: Ryan Autullo American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: COFO; Pg. S6

LENGTH: 1776 words


So you might have heard, but Baylor had a bad offseason.

Confronted with allegations of school officials mishandling sexual assaults on
campus, the school steeped in Baptist values was left with little choice in May
but to fire football coach Art Briles, who revolutionized the once dormant
football program with a blinding offense, cool uniforms and a new stadium on the
Brazos River.

Yeah, it was a rough offseason in Waco.

And it was a busy one for the rest of the Big 12, too. Texas, which had already
landed a big recruiting class, added to it with four Baylor defections. Iowa
State got itself a new coach, while Oklahoma and West Virginia picked up new
quarterbacks.

And the conference added a championship game - for 2017, anyway - and is in the
process of perhaps adding two, maybe four new schools.

The season is here, but it's been a very busy offseason:

Nov. 29: A Rhoads for a Rocket

After parting ways with Paul Rhoads, Iowa State tabbed Toledo's Matt Campbell to
turn around a program that's won only four Big 12 games the past three years.
Campbell, 36, was a consistent winner in the Mid-American Conference, piling up
an average of more than eight wins in his four seasons with Toledo. One of his
signature triumphs came last season in double overtime against - wait for it -
Iowa State.

Dec. 11: Texas gets its man

It took UT President Gregory L. Fenves hopping on a plane to get it done, but
Texas persuaded Tulsa offensive coordinator Sterlin Gilbert to come to Austin.
After being rebuffed by TCU assistant Sonny Cumbie, Longhorns coach Charlie
Strong turned to Gilbert, a former Texas high school coach trained in Art
Briles' up-tempo offense. Yet the marriage wasn't easy; Gilbert initially turned
Texas down over concerns about the school's commitment to the football program
and to Strong.

Jan. 4: Knight moves

Relegated to a backup role during Baker Mayfield's star turn at Oklahoma, former
Sugar Bowl MVP Trevor Knight left for Texas A&M as a graduate transfer. For now,
it looks like a good fit, as Knight needed a change of scenery and A&M needed a
veteran quarterback after losing co-starters Kyle Allen and Kyler Murray to
transfer. Knight was named the starter after spring practices.

Jan. 14: Wick to West Virginia

Texas assistant coach Joe Wickline, formerly of Oklahoma State, found employment
at another Big 12 program, this time at West Virginia as Dana Holgorsen's
offensive coordinator. Wickline is hoping his stop in Morgantown goes better
than his two years at Texas, where he dealt with underachieving linemen and a
lawsuit from Oklahoma State that alleged he'd violated the buyout in his
contract with the Cowboys by making a lateral move to Texas. Though Wickline
held the title of offensive coordinator with the Longhorns, Oklahoma State
fought to show that he did not call plays during games. In late December,
Wickline settled for $250,000, a bargain compared with the almost $600,000
Oklahoma State had sought.

Feb. 3: Signing day

Closing powerfully for the second year in a row, Texas landed seven recruits
either on national signing day or on the eve of signing day. The biggest
eleventh-hour commitments were linebackers Erick Fowler (Manor) and Jeffrey
McCulloch (Fort Bend Davis) and defensive lineman D'Andre Christmas-Giles (New
Orleans St. Augustine). The Longhorns took their bows on national TV and signed
the country's No. 11 class, climbing 34 spots from the end of the regular
season. That class took another leap this summer with the raiding of four Baylor
signees, which put Texas at seventh nationally. Elsewhere in the Big 12,
Oklahoma inked the No. 19 class, followed by TCU (22nd), West Virginia (39th),
Baylor (41st), Oklahoma State (45th), Texas Tech (46th), Iowa State (54th),
Kansas State (75th) and Kansas (84th).

March 6: Kansas' staff shuffle

After a winless rookie season, Kansas coach David Beaty announced he will be the
Jayhawks' new quarterbacks coach and play caller. The move dropped offensive
coordinator Rob Likens to an all-encompassing role on the offensive staff.

April 6: WVU lands Grier

West Virginia beefed up its quarterback room with the acquisition of former
Florida passer Will Grier, who led the Gators to a 6-0 start in 2015 before
testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs. Grier, a former prep player of
the year, will sit out this season.

April 9: OU lands a QB

Though he won't be eligible to play until 2017, Texas A&M transfer Kyler Murray
excelled in his Oklahoma debut, throwing for two touchdowns and running for
another in the Sooners' spring game. Murray, a former five-star prospect from
Allen, signed with OU on Christmas Eve after he could not resolve differences
with A&M coach Kevin Sumlin.

April 15: Lambert suspended

One of the Big 12's top players was suspended for using a banned substance. And
get this: He's a kicker. West Virginia's Josh Lambert, a Groza finalist in 2014,
will sit for three games to open the season.

April 28-30: NFL draft

For the second year in a row, the first Big 12 player selected in the NFL draft
was from West Virginia. Oakland took Mountaineers safety Karl Joseph at No. 14
overall, one spot before Baylor receiver Corey Coleman went to Cleveland. TCU
receiver Josh Doctson gave the Big 12 a third pick in the first round when
Washington took him at No. 22. Texas had just one player selected - defensive
tackle Hassan Ridgeway, who went in the fourth round to Indianapolis.

May 11: The Mixon video

The Oklahoma Supreme Court ruled that a surveillance video showing Sooners
running back Joe Mixon punching a female student was a public record. The ruling
allowed the Oklahoma Association of Broadcasters to go to trial for access to
the video and overturned a previous decision saying the video is not a public
document because Mixon was not arrested. For obvious reasons, OU and Bob Stoops
want this situation to go away and want not to face further questions about why
they did not remove Mixon from school after the 2014 incident. Media members who
have seen the video describe Mixon's actions as gruesome.

As punishment, Mixon accepted a one-year deferred sentenced and 100 hours of
community service. He was previously suspended for the entire 2014 season.

May 26: Waco, we have a problem

Citing the findings of an external review of the school's handling of sexual
assaults, Baylor suspended football coach Art Briles with the intention to
terminate him. President and Chancellor Ken Starr was stripped of his duties as
president and later resigned as chancellor, and athletic director Ian McCaw was
placed on probation and later resigned. According to the law firm Pepper
Hamilton, Baylor officials for years had failed to thoroughly investigate and
properly punish football players for violence against women. The implication is
that Baylor, during its unexpected rise to national contention, placed winning
above the protection of its students.

Crushed nationally, Baylor began to repair its image by releasing six members of
its 2016 recruiting class from their scholarships and allowing them to sign
elsewhere. Of the six, three went to Texas - Silsbee offensive lineman Patrick
Hudson, Copperas Cove offensive lineman J.P. Urquidez and Garland Sachse athlete
Donovan Duvernay. Additionally, Duvernay's twin brother, Devin Duvernay, the
state's top receiver in 2016, signed with Texas after an error by Baylor voided
his letter of intent.

May 30: Baylor hires Grobe

Baylor, having parted ways with Briles, hired former Wake Forest coach Jim Grobe
as its "acting" coach for 2016. Grobe went 77-82 in his 13 seasons at Wake
Forest, including an Orange Bowl appearance in 2006.

May 31-June 3: Big 12 meetings

Though there was no resolution to the ongoing discussion of conference
expansion, the Big 12 meetings in Dallas did deliver significant change.
Believing it needed to position itself better to make the College Football
Playoff, the league approved the revival of a Big 12 championship game beginning
in 2017. Not only could playing a 13th game improve the résumé of the league
champion, but all conference teams will benefit from shared TV revenue of up to
$30 million. Additionally, the Big 12 reversed a decision from a day earlier and
reinstated the year of eligibility lost by Oklahoma's Mayfield when he
transferred from Texas Tech. This means Mayfield will have two more years to
play beginning this fall.

Despite pleas from Cincinnati, Houston, Memphis and others to join the
conference, it looks as if the Big 12 will stand pat with 10 schools.

July 7: Another Baylor departure

The purging at Baylor continued with the departure of backup quarterback Jarrett
Stidham, who announced that he will transfer. The loss of Stidham, a former
prized recruit from Stephenville, leaves Baylor with just one scholarship
quarterback - freshman Zach Smith - behind starter Seth Russell.

July 13: A new AD in Waco

Not afraid of a challenge, athletic director Mack Rhoades left Missouri to clean
up Baylor's mess. Rhoades worked previously at Houston, where his signature hire
was football coach Tom Herman, who led the Cougars to 13 wins last year in his
first season. Naturally, the connecting of dots began; Herman is rumored to be a
candidate at Baylor.

July 14: Big 12 pick is Oklahoma

As expected, Oklahoma was the overwhelming preseason favorite to win the Big 12
title, with the Sooners claiming 24 of 26 first-place votes. TCU, which received
the two remaining votes, was second, followed by Oklahoma State, Baylor, Texas,
Texas Tech, West Virginia, Kansas State, Iowa State and Kansas.

July 19: Expansion coming?

In a surprise announcement, the Big 12 finally ended all speculation and said it
would move forward with expansion. Thought to be a slim chance, university
presidents were swayed by a compelling presentation on the merits of adding
additional league members. Specifically, expanding the league would net the Big
12 an extra $20 million to $25 million in TV revenue for each added member.

Almost immediately, several schools lined up to say they were interested,
including Houston, which received the backing of Texas Gov. Greg Abbott as well
as Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick and UT President Gregory L. Fenves and chancellor Bill
McRaven. Sources recently told ESPN.com the Big 12 will entertain presentations
from 17 schools.

Aug 12: Mountaineer goes down

West Virginia safety Dravon Askew-Henry suffered a season-ending ACL injury that
robbed an already thin defense of its top returning tackler. The setback to
Askew-Henry, a 26-game starter, marks the second year in a row WVU lost its top
defensive back to a knee injury. In early October of last year, safety Karl
Joseph was lost for the year after getting hurt in practice.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Lawyer disbarred, accused of raiding her own office

BYLINE: Peter Vieth

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1051  words


A veteran Richmond area bank­ruptcy lawyer - suspended last year for mishandling
client money - now has been disbarred amid allegations that she drained her law
office bank accounts and snatched office equipment to avoid creditors.

Nnika E. White has practiced in Rich­mond's U.S. Bankruptcy Court for more than
10 years. Records show she has handled more than 1,900 cases. Her husband, Mark,
worked at her Midlo­thian law firm and handled office com­puter systems,
according to court docu­ments.

The Chesterfield County couple has two minor children, court records show.

The U.S. Bankruptcy Trustee is now seeking the couple's assets to satisfy
creditors.



VSB first to act

White came under scrutiny from the Virginia State Bar last year after a
bankruptcy client asked her to handle $50,074 in inheritance money. White
allegedly paid herself $33,490 from the money, saying it covered fees for years
of legal work. Bar prosecutors ques­tioned the claim.

Bar prosecutors alleged White had commingled client money with office accounts
since 2004 and failed to main­tain proper bookkeeping records. Her trust account
had been set up to provide overdraft protection for her operating account and
was used for that purpose 138 times in 2013 and 2014, the bar said.

The VSB suspended White for three years in December.

The VSB findings triggered review by the U.S. Trustee's Office. The Whites filed
for reorganization, but the trust­ee's office opposed five successive Chap­ter
13 plans. The trustee's lawyers said White and her husband "significantly
understated their income. "

Moreover, the trustee claimed the Whites used her law firm's accounts to make
"thousands of dollars in personal purchases without treating those pur­chases as
personal income. "

The law firm's credit card was used for family vacations in Honolulu, San Diego,
Myrtle Beach and Williamsburg, the trustee alleged. The White family spent more
than $200,000 in law firm money in a year's time, the trustee al­leged.

The family spent hundreds with a law firm credit card for a Disney World family
vacation in November, just af­ter White's license was suspended, the trustee
said.



Judge finds abuse

In December, a bankruptcy judge said the Whites "gamed the system" and
"hi­jacked the bankruptcy process to the detriment of their creditors. "

"The Court finds that White, who was until recently a longstanding member of the
Bar of this Court, used her famil­iarity with the Chapter 13 bankruptcy process
to manipulate the system ...," wrote Judge Kevin R. Huennekens.

The judge's opinion is In re: White (VLW 016-4-004).

The judge converted the Whites' bankruptcy case from a Chapter 13
re­organization to a Chapter 7 liquidation. Later, the judge allowed the trustee
to put White's law firm into Chapter 7, as well.



Office stripped, bank accounts emptied

When Richmond lawyer Lynn L. Tav­enner - acting as trustee - arrived with a
locksmith at White's law office on Dec. 4, the office had been "raided" and
picked clean of most items of value, ac­cording to Tavenner's sworn statement
filed in bankruptcy court.

The locksmith allegedly spotted White and her husband carrying items from
White's law office.

"(C]omputers were either missing or left on the floor with parts displaced and
in some instances hard drives removed; desks were emptied of all supplies; one
office server was missing; at least one office safe had been removed; certain
physical client files had been removed from the Corporate Offices; televisions
had been removed from the walls...," Tavenner wrote.

Information related to one client's case had been left behind, but the trust­ee
contended the Whites "willfully and maliciously systematically attempted to
cover their tracks by removing the en­tirety of the Corporate Property. "

A trip to White's bank confirmed that each account of the law firm had been
drained of all funds and closed on Dec. 2, the trustee said.

In a court pleading, White said the missing client files and client infor­mation
were not property of the bank­ruptcy estate and she was obligated to preserve
and deliver them to the former clients or to their new lawyers.

White failed to appear April 22 before a VSB Disciplinary Board panel
consid­ering charges that White had neglected to advise clients that her license
was suspended.

The board heard from Tavenner, who reportedly testified that White's office had
been found in "complete disarray" with client files remaining in no appar­ent
order.

Six former clients swore they had heard nothing from White since her suspension
and received no refunds, the board said.

The VSB Disciplinary Board revoked White's license, effective that day.

White allegedly cited the Fifth Amendment when asked last month about her firm's
tax returns and the location of its books and records. The trustee's office has
asked the bankrupt­cy court to deny a discharge of debts for the Whites.

The Whites agreed June 4 to turn over all law firm property in their con­trol
and agreed to be barred from any action adverse to the firm's clients.

White is represented in the bankrupt­cy actions by McLean attorney Daniel M.
Press, who did not immediately re­spond to a request for comment.

The White firm's website advises that the "Law Office of White and Associ­ates
is no longer open for business. " The website gives a phone number -
804-274-9002 - for questions.



Buehler also disbarred

Another lawyer was disbarred after an April 22 hearing over allegations that he
failed to follow up with clients after a VSB suspension.

David P. Buehler, now of New Orleans, essentially ignored the bar after a 2014
suspension for dropping the ball on a business client, bar prosecutors alleged.
The terms of the six-month suspension called for the attorney to notify clients
and arrange for transfer of cases.

Buehler never provided proof of com­pliance to the bar, the VSB said. He
re­portedly left a client hanging in a civil case in Richmond Circuit Court.

Buehler also was a no-show at the April VSB hearing. The Disciplinary Board
revoked his license, effective that day.

Buehler was disbarred in Maryland last year for a "pattern of misconduct" that
included the allegations of neglect­ing his Virginia client.

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

A rally against sexual assaults on college campuses includes Students, lawmakers

LENGTH: 377  words


On Monday, a rally held in Annapolis called for efforts to curb sexual assaults
on college and university campuses. College students and lawmakers gathered in
support of House Bill 1142, which would require all colleges and universities to
adopt an "affirmative consent policy" in how they define sexual assault.

The bill is being considered as four colleges in Maryland are facing a federal
investigation for their mishandling of sexual assault cases. According to the
bill, consent cannot be given if someone is intoxicated, under coercion or
unconscious. Or, in the words of advocates, "Yes means yes."

"It also creates a confidentiality so that in subsequent litigation neither the
perpetrator's nor the victim's names will be disclosed," Morales said.
Supporters of this bill have been vocal that change is needed to address this
issue.

"It's proven that this is something that we need to do and we need to take a
lead on here in the state of Maryland, said Delegate Marice Morales,
D-Montgomery County, who sponsored the legislation. The legislation reads,
"Affirmative consent means clear, unambiguous, knowing, informed, and voluntary
agreement between all participants to engage in each act within the course of
sexual activity." The bill would also protect students' privacy.

"I think people have an understanding that's really a blurry gray area,"
University of Maryland student Nisa Hssain said. "We're students," Morgan State
student Kiara James said. "We're going to have sex, and if you make it
complicated, but at the same time consent is mandatory because without consent
you have rape."

But some critics say affirmative consent does make sex complicated. "I really
question people who think that it muddies the waters or makes sex less exciting,
to have a situation where both people enthusiastically want to have sex,"
Rebecca Nagle with the No Boundaries Coalition said.

A hearing on the bill is scheduled for March 8. Under the bill, the accused
would go through the disciplinary process at his or her college or university.

Affirmative consent legislation has already been passed by California and New
York. This legislation does not include criminal punishment, because this bill
centers on colleges and universities. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Romo keeps his balance;
The Cowboys QB has excelled through a very complicated year.

BYLINE: By Ray Parrillo; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 775 words


What is worse for a quarterback? Squandering the chance to win an NFL playoff
game by mishandling the snap on a field-goal attempt in the final minute?

Or rumors that you're dating Britney Spears?

Apparently, newly enriched Dallas Cowboy Tony Romo has handled both issues quite
well.

When last season ended for Dallas, a searing image was of Romo slumped to the
ground in bitter disappointment after bobbling the hold on a chip-shot field
goal. He had picked up the football and seemed to have a shot at scoring a
heroic touchdown before he was tackled from behind.

The Cowboys lost the game to the Seattle Seahawks, 21-20.

One NFL television analyst after another wondered aloud whether Romo would
return this season bowed by the weight of such a dramatic blunder.

The season Romo is having strongly suggests he was not permanently scarred. On
Sunday, the 6-1 Cowboys will come to Lincoln Financial Field to try to put the
3-4 Eagles farther in their rearview mirror. Dallas is No. 2 in the NFL in total
offense behind the otherworldly New England Patriots, and Romo has the top
passer rating in the NFC at 95.6 and the third-most TD throws in the NFL with
16.

"The most difficult part of that situation was that I let my teammates, my
coaches, the organization, and the fans down," Romo said yesterday during a
conference call with reporters. "That was the part that was hardest to swallow.
I always knew I would be OK because I understand my way of thinking.

"This is really the reason I got over it: If something in football is the worst
thing that happens to me, I probably would have lived a pretty good life. So
when I understand that, I'm able to wake up and continue to go forward in life
and continue to try and do the things I'm trying to do."

As for his association with Spears, whose name is usually preceded by the word
troubled these days, Romo said, "That was a little blown out of proportion. I
met the girl for about two seconds, and all of a sudden I come back in town and
it's like, you're hanging out with Britney. And I was like, really? What are you
going to do?"

Romo, 27, who will be making his first start in Philly, became almost an instant
sensation when he made his first start against Carolina a year ago in Dallas'
seventh game. He led the Cowboys to a win over the Panthers, then helped them to
a victory over Indianapolis a month later and ultimately lifted them into the
playoffs. Despite starting for only half a season, Romo was selected to the Pro
Bowl.

It was a rapid rise for an undrafted player from Division I-AA Eastern Illinois.
Really, though, Romo had been preparing for his chance since he signed with
Dallas in 2003.

"The first start I had last year, Carolina, I went into that game and I thought,
you know, you've worked your butt off and you've tried to put yourself in a
position to be successful," he said. "But just because you work hard doesn't
guarantee success. It allows you to play to the best of your ability, but that
doesn't always mean it's going to be good enough. I figured if I was good
enough, it would show. We won and I just kind of kept going and I thought to
myself, you know, I can play quarterback in this league as a starter and at a
high level."

Earlier this week, Romo was rewarded with a six-year contract extension worth
$67.5 million. He is guaranteed $30 million in the first three years of the
deal, and he guarantees it will not change him.

"The biggest misconception people have is sometimes when you get money, it's
like, well, what else is there to prove?" he said. "People want to make it like
it's the finality of something, but when I set out, the intent was to hopefully
be in the NFL and, hopefully, one day start and, hopefully, win Super Bowls.
[Making big money] was never the intent. It's just a nice thing, obviously, that
makes you feel better along the way."

Romo's risky style has drawn some comparisons to Brett Favre, and has
occasionally led him into trouble. This season he has thrown nine interceptions.
In his start against the Eagles last Christmas, cornerback Lito Sheppard helped
seal a Birds win with an interception.

"He became the quarterback he started out to be last year," Sheppard said. "He's
throwing the ball all over the place and his receivers are making plays. Him and
Favre are alike [as far as] giving receivers chances. When you throw balls to
guys who look like they are covered, some people might look at it as taking a
chance. As a DB, I look at it like he's giving the receivers a chance, but he's
also giving me a chance if I'm in good position."

Contact staff writer Ray Parrillo at 215-854-2743 or rparrillo@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 11, 2006 Saturday

FEMA'S EX STORMS OVER WHITE HOUSE; BROWN: WE RANG KATRINA ALARM

BYLINE: ANDY SOLTIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 509 words


Former FEMA chief Michael Brown yesterday said there was a massive federal
mishandling of Hurricane Katrina - by everyone but him.

Brown, who quit amid angry charges of his incompetence, insisted he sounded the
alarm bell as Katrina roared ashore but was ignored by the president's staff and
Department of Homeland Security officials.

"I feel somewhat abandoned," Brown testified before a congressional committee.

He agreed with some members who described him as a scapegoat.

And he dismissed as "just baloney" the claims by FEMA officials that they didn't
know about the severity of the damage until the day after Katrina hit.

Brown suggested the administration's fixation with fighting terrorism may have
been to blame, in part, for the slow government response.

Natural disasters "had become the stepchild of the Department of Homeland
Security," he said.

Had there been a report that "a terrorist had blown up the 17th Street Canal
levee, then everybody would have jumped all over that," Brown added.

Brown's testimony struck a very different tone from his previous appearance
before Congress a month after the disaster, when he blamed local officials,
called the state of Louisiana "dysfunctional" and defended his own performance.

Yesterday Brown said he spoke by phone to a top aide to President Bush - he said
he believed it was Joe Hagin, the deputy chief of staff - "on at least two
occasions on that day to inform him of what was going on."

Hagin was with the president, who began the day at his ranch in Texas then
traveled to Arizona and California for policy speeches. Brown was in Baton
Rouge, La.

"I think I told him that we were realizing our worst nightmare, that everything
we had planned about, worried about, that FEMA, frankly, had worried about for
10 years, was coming true," Brown said.

He said he made similar comments in an e-mail to White House Chief of Staff
Andrew Card.

The Aug. 29 disaster killed more than 1,300 people, displaced hundreds of
thousands of others, and caused tens of billions in damage, including widespread
destruction in New Orleans and other Gulf Coast communities.

"There was a cultural clash that didn't recognize the absolute inherent science
of preparing for a disaster," he testified. "Any time you break that cycle, . .
. you're doomed to failure."

He added: "The policies and decisions implemented by the DHS put FEMA on a path
to failure."

He insisted he provided information to White House and Homeland Security
officials the day of the storm. Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff has
said he did not know the levees were breached until the following day.

Under pointed questioning by Sen. Joe Lieberman (D-Conn.), Brown said several
times he could not clearly recall what was said in some of those conversations.

"Do you specifically remember asking Hagin for the White House to take action?"
asked Lieberman, the Senate panel's top Democrat.

"Nothing specific - I just thought they needed to be aware," Brown answered.

With Post Wire Services

andy.soltis@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FACE-SAVER: Michael Brown, the former FEMA head widely identified with
the federal government's poor response to Hurricane Katrina last year, points
fingers up the ladder in his congressional testimony yesterday. (Getty Images,
EPA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          December 11, 1971, Saturday

SECTION: Page 43, Column 5

LENGTH: 104 words

Hanover Coll trustees sue Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette for alleged mishandling
of coll endowment fund, Indianapolis Fed ct; seek recovery of approximately
$3.7-million; allege that co 'churned' fund to increase brokerage profits, that
it acted as broker for both endowment fund's securities and purchasing party,
thereby collecting 2 comms on single transaction, and that co invested in
unsuitable and speculative securities yielding little or no income and involving
high degree of investment risk; co pres Jenrette denies charges; notes
investment com of bd of trustees recd monthly repts about status of endowment
fund

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                           April 20, 1992, Monday, AM

Good, bad and unbelievable bosses exposed

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


   CLEVELAND (AP) - The good, the bad and the Downright Unbelievable were cited
Friday in a nation-wide "boss contest" sponsored by 9to5, the U.S.- based
National Association of Working Women.

Secretaries report the best - and worst - about their employers for the annual
contest.

Delta Airlines was named Bad Boss for "blatant disregard for the health and
safety of reservationists and for terminating employees who have been injured on
the job."

Barbara Otto, a spokesperson for 9to5, said the airline was singled out for
allegedly mishandling complaints from reservationists who say they're getting
electric shocks from their headsets.

"They're terminating employees who file worker's compensation claims, and
requiring employees to make a choice between that position or a transfer to
Atlanta," she said. "It's discrimination against predominately women and
minority employees."

Delta spokesman Bill Berry said he didn't know how many employees were
terminated, but said the company had no other choice if the employees would not
work with the headsets or transfer.

Otto said 9to5 usually does not identify companies named in the Bad Boss and
Downright Unbelievable lists, but made an exception in Delta's case at the
employees' request.

Two businesses were given Downright Unbelievable tags.

The first went to the department head of an office in Eastport, N.Y., who
required a 37-year-old woman, a mother of two, to bring a note from her parents
certifying she was out sick.

The second was given to a truck dealership in Illinois where a woman's salary
was reduced by $4,182 so another employee could be given a raise.

The Lutheran Home for the Aging in Milwaukee was named the Good Boss winner for
opening its own day-care centre for employees.

A group of about 25 female office workers in Boston formed 9to5 in 1973 when
they gathered to complain about working conditions. The association moved its
headquarters to Cleveland in 1982, and now has a membership of 15,000 and more
than 25 chapters across the United States.WORKING; WORLD

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 26, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE TESTING OF A PRESIDENT: THE IMPEACHMENT PROCESS;
Lawmaker Uses Own Experience to Urge Measured Approach

BYLINE: By CARL HULSE

SECTION: Section A; Page 11; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 907 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 25


As a lawyer and former Federal judge, Representative Alcee L. Hastings has more
than a passing familiarity with the Constitution. And his reading tells him that
Congress is badly mishandling the impeachment process.

His real expertise in the subject comes not from arcane legal theory and dusty
law books but from unique personal experience: Mr. Hastings, a Florida Democrat,
is the only member of the House to have been impeached himself. He was removed
from the Federal bench by the Senate in 1989 on grounds of bribery and perjury
and three years later was elected to Congress.

Now, as he joins his House colleagues in weighing the impeachment of President
Clinton, Mr. Hastings, 62, is trying to use his familiarity with the process to
protect Mr. Clinton from what he sees as the same unfair system that led to his
own judicial exile.

"I have a great deal of experience in the process of impeachment," said Mr.
Hastings, who became Florida's first black Federal judge when he was appointed
by President Jimmy Carter in 1979.

"I also have a great deal of experience in judging whether or not prosecutors
have committed prosecutorial misconduct. In this instance, firmly I come down on
the side affirmatively that he has," he said, in reference to Kenneth W. Starr,
the Whitewater independent counsel.

The Congressman said he had made no judgment on whether Mr. Clinton should be
impeached, only that Congress should be more measured in its approach.

Mr. Hastings's chief complaint is that Congress abdicated its responsibility in
the matter to Mr. Starr, relying too heavily on the counsel's findings, which he
put forth in a 445-page report delivered to Congress on Sept. 11. Mr. Hastings
likens the situation to his own case, saying the House was swayed by an
impeachment report from a panel of 26 Federal judges, an imprimatur of authority
that he said lawmakers were unable to resist.

Mr. Hastings's first attack on Mr. Starr came in the form of a House resolution
to impeach the prosecutor for egregious misconduct, including leaking grand jury
material and "wasting" $40 million on the investigation. It was quickly and
overwhelmingly dismissed by the House on Wednesday on a 340-to-71 vote.

Some Republicans branded it an outrage. But the failed effort will not be Mr.
Hastings's last.

"I am sure he is going to proceed to deal with the circumstances we are
confronted with based on his experience," said Representative Maxine Waters, the
California Democrat who heads the Congressional Black Caucus.

Mr. Hastings was a rising judicial star when he was charged in 1981 with
conspiracy to accept a $150,000 bribe in a criminal case he was overseeing in
Miami. He was acquitted by a jury two years later although another lawyer,
charged in the case as a co-conspirator, was sent to jail. The lawyer, accused
of being the go-between in the conspiracy, refused to testify against Mr.
Hastings.

But that was not the end for Mr. Hastings. In 1987, a panel of Federal judges
delivered a 381-page report to Congress accusing him of having committed the
original crime as well as having lied about his conduct during his defense.

The House, including many members he now serves with, voted 413 to 3 to impeach
him in 1988. The Senate, in a decision that some lawmakers said was agonizing
because of Mr. Hastings's argument of double jeopardy, voted 69 to 26 for
conviction, as Mr. Hastings, there to make an appeal, watched.

The ousted judge passionately maintained his innocence throughout.

A hero in the black community for his persistence in fighting the charges
against him, Mr. Hastings was elected to the House in 1992 from a newly drawn,
heavily minority district centered in Fort Lauderdale. Last year, questions were
raised about laboratory work done by the Federal Bureau of Investigation on
evidence given to the judicial panel in Mr. Hastings's case, but House leaders
refused to reopen the impeachment issue.

Mr. Hastings says he made peace with many of those in the House who supported
his impeachment, taking official overseas trips with Representative Henry J.
Hyde, the Illinois Republican who is chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and
working on legislation with Representative John Conyers Jr. of Michigan, the
senior Democrat on that panel.

"One would argue one ought to dislike them," Mr. Hastings said of those who
backed his removal. "But what happened is they became part of a process that was
driven by constitutional abdication of responsibility that allowed the judges to
drive the process."

Mr. Hastings, who generally avoids prominence in Congress, can elicit strong
emotions. A Florida Republican who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said
one of his most disturbing moments upon arriving in Congress was seeing Mr.
Hastings, an impeached Federal judge, presiding over the House when the
Democrats still held the majority.

And after introducing his Starr impeachment resolution, Mr. Hastings said a
House staff member sent him E-mail, saying, "Impeach yourself, you idiot."

And to those who see his criticism of Mr. Starr and the ongoing congressional
process as an effort to lash out at the system that stripped him of his judicial
authority, Mr. Hastings says it is not so.

"There is no striking back at all," he said. "I have the responsibility as a
citizen but even more so now as a Congressperson.

"If someone does not stop the madness, the madness continues."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representative Alcee L. Hastings, Democrat of Florida, was
removed from the Federal bench by the Senate in 1989 on grounds of bribery and
perjury. He was elected to Congress three years later. (Paul Hosefros/The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 20, 2001 Sunday, Home Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SOURCE: From News Services

SECTION: News; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 629 words


Texas judge rules sex offenders must post signs

A judge in Corpus Christi, Texas, has ordered 21 convicted sex offenders to
place signs in their front yards reading "Danger! Registered Sex Offender Lives
Here."

The signs were given to offenders Friday along with bumper stickers reading
"Danger! Registered Sex Offender in Vehicle." State District Judge J. Manuel
Banales ordered them posted immediately.

Authorities will conduct spot checks on offenders' homes and vehicles, said Iris
D. Davila, supervisor of the Nueces County Probation Department's specialized
services.

Gerald Rogen, president of the Corpus Christi Criminal Defense Lawyers'
Organization, said the signs are unconstitutional.

Air crash causes differ with gender of pilot

Air crashes involving female pilots are mostly due to mishandling of the plane,
while those with male pilots are more often due to flawed decision-making and
inattention, a study found. Flying planes with known mechanical problems,
running out of fuel and landing with the gear up were typically male problems,
said the Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health in a study
released in Baltimore last week. Women's crashes were more often due to
incorrect use of the rudder, poor response to a bounce or inability to recover
from a stall, the study found.

Heston ignites crowd at NRA convention

Igniting a stomping, cheering ovation, Charlton Heston thrust a civil war musket
above his head and predicted he would again be re-elected president of the
National Rifle Association. Heston told NRA members at their annual meeting in
Kansas City, Mo., on Saturday that he had intended to give his farewell speech
this year, but was asked to serve an unprecedented fourth one-year term. The
NRA's board of directors will elect a president Monday. Heston congratulated NRA
members for helping elect President Bush. At last year's convention, he said
beating Al Gore was his top priority.

Suspect in killings takes his own life

A California man suspected of killing a woman and her three grandchildren
committed suicide Saturday atop his own wife's grave. Police found Roger Leroy
Johnson, 48, lying face down at the Cherokee Memorial Park & Funeral Home in
Lodi, Calif., on Saturday. He threw a grenade at officers and then collapsed
again, said San Joaquin County Sheriff Baxter Dunn. No one was injured by the
grenade explosion. Dunn said Johnson had cut the main artery in one arm.

Two women shot dead during church service

A man armed with a stolen gun walked into a church in Hopkinsville, Ky., during
a Friday night service and killed his estranged wife and another woman before
fleeing with his young son, police said. Fredrick Radford, 35, was arrested
after a standoff with an officer and charged with two counts of murder. The boy
was unhurt. Adrianne Radford pleaded for her life before she was shot during the
revival at The Greater Oak Missionary Church in Hopkinsville. Frederick Radford
also killed a woman --- Mary Anne Turner, 47, also of Hopkinsville --- who tried
to take the couple's 2-year-old son from him, police said.

Police: Rape suspect castrated by victim

A man has been charged in Chicago with trying to rape a woman who castrated him
during the alleged attack, police said. Erik Williams, 21, allegedly tried to
force a 42-year-old woman to perform a sex act on him early Friday, and while
the two struggled the woman bit off his testicles. The woman went to police
headquarters and turned the testicles over to officers. Williams later arrived
at a hospital with injuries matching the woman's description. Doctors were
unable to reattach his testicles. Williams remained in the hospital Saturday and
was listed in stable condition.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 14, 1990, Friday, City Edition

Court-martial ordered for sailors

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; STATE DIGEST; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 478 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO; TALLAHASSEE; MIAMI; LOS ANGELES; LAKE CITY; FORT LAUDERDALE



The Orlando Naval Training Center is court-martialing four petty officers on
charges of sexual misconduct, five months after a Pentagon report accused the
base of mishandling similar cases.  Defense attorneys for the sailors argue that
pressure arising from the earlier investigation is causing naval commanders to
crack down more harshly than they normally would for such rules violations.
 Strange comrades
 join PSC battle
 TALLAHASSEE Gov. Bob Martinez joined forces with Gov.-elect Lawton Chiles on
Thursday to ask the state Supreme Court to stop a panel created by the
Legislature from appointing two utility regulators. Martinez, in a petition
filed at Chiles' request, said the authority to appoint state officials such as
the members of the Public Service Commission rests with the executive branch.
The nine-member PSC Nominating Council, whose members are appointed by the
Senate president and House speaker, is scheduled to meet Friday to choose two
PSC members.
 Group says mayor
 must apologize
 MIAMI The mayor's offering of regret over the handling of Nelson Mandela's
visit was a nice try, but black activists say they want nothing less than an
apology. "We are asking that the mayor apologize, not that he dance around the
issue," said the Rev. Victor Curry of Miami. Suarez on Wednesday said he regrets
the way the visit of the anti-apartheid leader was handled, but stopped short of
using the word "apologize."
 HRS official hired in California
 LOS ANGELES County supervisors voted to hire a Florida welfare agency official
to head the troubled Department of Children's Services. Supervisors voted
Wednesday to hire Gerald Peter Digre, 46, deputy director of the Florida
Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services. Digre will assume the
California post in January.
 Former legislator dies in car crash
 LAKE CITY Former state lawmaker Wayne Hollingsworth was fatally injured when he
tried to pass another car on Interstate 75, the Florida Highway Patrol said. The
accident occurred about a mile south of Lake City Wednesday evening, according
to the patrol. The patrol said Hollingsworth, 52, lost control of his car and
hit a bridge pier. Hollingsworth, who was alone in the car, died at the scene.
He was a Lake City native and a Democrat who served several terms in the Florida
House and briefly in the state Senate.
 Appeals court limits searches
 FORT LAUDERDALE Checking crotches during voluntary random drug searches may go
too far, a state appeals court has ruled. The 4th District Court of Appeal on
Wednesday upheld the conviction of a man arrested after such a search, but said
the highly personal searches should be conducted only when police officers have
reasonable suspicion that the person has contraband or a weapon hidden there.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Wayne Hollingsworth

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Missteps galore as US deals with Ebola scare

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, Oct. 17 -- As the Ebola scare appears to be fast taking hold of
America, aided in good measure by cable television's saturation coverage,
President Barack Obama has promised a more aggressive response with deployment
of SWAT teams, stricter adherence to safety protocols and proper use and
disposal of protective equipment by health care personnel.

The assurance by Obama that a "serious outbreak" of Ebola was extremely unlikely
in the US came in the face of a series of missteps in dealing with the handful
of cases that its health personnel have had to deal with so far.

Beginning with the mishandling of the affliction of Thomas Eric Duncan, the
Liberian national who was initially turned away by the Texas hospital where he
subsequently died and became the first Ebola casualty on American soil, there
have been protocol breaches leading to at least two nurses contracting the
deadly virus and raising doubts about the safety of individuals who may have
come in contact with them.

Concerns mounted rapidly on Wednesday when it became known that the second nurse
who tested positive for Ebola had been allowed by a US health official to take a
commercial flight from Cleveland to Dallas, despite reporting that she had a
slight fever (99.5 F). This happened barely 24 hours before her Ebola diagnosis
at the Texas Presbyterian Hospital, Dallas.

The news triggered alarm, prompting the head of the Centres for Disease Control
and Prevention (CDC) to say she should not have boarded a commercial flight. The
130-odd passengers who travelled by that crowded Frontier Airlines flight are
being monitored now.

At the same time, CDC Director Thomas Frieden said chances of other passengers
being infected were very low as the nurse, Amber Vinson, did not vomit on the
flight and was not bleeding. The plane itself was taken out of service for
cleaning, and its two pilots and four flight attendants were put on a paid
21-day leave of absence as a precaution.

Vinson was on Wednesday night shifted to the Emory University Hospital in
Atlanta, a better-equipped facility that had successfully cured two American
Ebola victims, contracted while on a health care mission in Liberia. Both Vinson
and the other nurse, Nina Pham, who is currently being treated at the Texas
hospital, had both attended to Duncan, the Liberian Ebola victim, when he was
being treated at the facility. Pham is said to be "in good condition".

Questions have been raised if the two nurses had been property trained about
donning the protective wear, given that a large number of health workers serving
in the worst Ebola-hit nations of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea have not
contracted the virus. But the nurses' association, National Nurses United,
complained that the Texas hospital lacked protocols to deal with an Ebola
patient.

There were also reports that the nurses would not report for work in the present
circumstances. This was believed to be the main reason for shifting Vinson to
Atlanta.

Speaking to reporters just before an urgent Cabinet meeting to take stock of the
situation, President Obama said the likelihood of a widespread Ebola outbreak
was "very, very low".

"I want people to understand that the dangers of you contracting Ebola, the
dangers of a serious outbreak, are extraordinarily low, but we are taking this
very seriously at the highest levels of government," Obama said.

While reassuring Americans that Ebola is transmitted not by way of sneezes or
coughs, but by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected patient, he
sought to drive home the point by referring to his own close contact with a
couple of nurses who had been treated at the Atlanta facility earlier on. "I
shook hands with, hugged and kissed, not the doctors, but a couple of the nurses
at Emory," Obama said, adding: "They followed the protocols, they knew what they
were doing, and I felt perfectly safe doing so."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 27, 2005 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

THE NATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 592 words


Officials find guards mishandled Quran

WASHINGTON - U.S. officials have substantiated five cases in which military
guards or interrogators mishandled the Quran of Muslim prisoners at Guantanamo
Bay but found "no credible evidence" to confirm a prisoner's report that the
holy book was flushed in a toilet, the prison's commander said Thursday.

Brig. Gen. Jay W. Hood, who commands the detention center in Cuba, told a
Pentagon news conference that a prisoner who was reported to have complained to
an FBI agent in 2002 that a military guard threw a Quran in the toilet has told
Brig. Gen. Hood's investigators that he never witnessed any form of Quran
desecration.

The unidentified prisoner, re-interviewed at Guantanamo on May 14, said he had
heard talk of guards mishandling religious articles but did not witness any such
acts, Brig. Gen. Hood said.

The prisoner also stated that he personally had not been mistreated but that he
heard fellow inmates talk of being beaten or otherwise mistreated.

Tennessee lawmakers indicted

NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Four state lawmakers, including a member of one of
Tennessee's most powerful political families, were indicted Thursday on charges
of taking bribes from FBI agents posing as representatives of an
electronics-recycling company.

In a sting operation dubbed "Tennessee Waltz," the FBI set up a bogus company
called E-Cycle Management Inc., then doled out payoffs to lawmakers to sponsor a
bill that would allow the business to buy and sell used electronic equipment
from the state. The bill was withdrawn Wednesday.

One of the lawmakers charged, state Sen. John Ford, allegedly received payments
totaling $55,000, beginning last year.

"You are talking to the guy that makes the deals," Mr. Ford boasted to the
undercover agents, according to the indictment.

Judge finds treasurer at fault

AUSTIN, TEXAS - The treasurer of a political action committee formed by U.S.
House Majority Leader Tom DeLay broke the law by not reporting hundreds of
thousands of dollars in campaign contributions, a judge ruled Thursday in a
lawsuit brought by Democratic candidates.

State District Judge Joe Hart said the money, much of it corporate
contributions, should have been reported to the Texas Ethics Commission.

The judge ordered Bill Ceverha, treasurer of Texans for a Republican Majority,
to pay nearly $200,000 in damages. It will be divided among those who brought
the lawsuit against Mr. Ceverha - five Democrats who lost state legislative
races in 2002.

In other news

THE CONNECTICUT SENATE on Thursday overwhelmingly approved spending $100 million
over 10 years to fund stem cell research, including embryonic research that some
scientists believe offers the most hope for curing diseases.

A MAN-MADE INGREDIENT of many plastics, cosmetics and other consumer products
may be interfering with prenatal male sexual development, new research suggests.
A study of 85 infants found a correlation between exposure to phthalate and
smaller penis size and incomplete testicular descent.

PRELIMINARY DNA TESTS showed no traces of the blood of two missing children in
the Idaho home where three other people were slain, raising hopes that Dylan and
Shasta Groene are still alive, officials said Thursday.

Smoking among women in the United States has dropped below one in five for the
first time in nearly 30 years, the government said Thursday. The Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention reported that 21.6 percent of U.S. adults smoked
in 2003, down slightly from 22.5 percent the year before.

- Edited from wire reportsby Jennifer Bishop

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NATIONAL BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Sunday Tribune (Ireland)

                                 April 14, 2002

Ignoring the prayers of the faithful;
 US Catholics stunned as cardinal who knowingly shielded paedophile priests is
not removed, writes Marion McKeone

BYLINE: Marion McKeone

SECTION:  Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1380 words


BOSTON'S 2.1 million Catholics, stunned by another wave of revelations of
cover-ups and mishandling of child sex abuse cases by Cardinal Bernard Law, is
bitterly divided over the cardinal's announcement that he will not resign from
his position as America's most powerful prelate. Sources claim the Pope ordered
him to remain in his position.

The cardinal, who had resisted calls for his resignation following the
conviction of defrocked priest John Geoghan on child sex assault charges in
January this year, disappeared from public view on Monday after a new wave of
fury engulfed the Boston archdiocese over his handling of child abuse
allegations against another priest, Fr Paul Shanley. The new revelations led to
calls for his resignation from priests within the archdioceses, theologians,
politicians and the Boston media, as well as other prominent figures, including
Senator Ted Kennedy.

Court documents revealed he had knowingly moved Fr Paul Shanley, a priest who
had advocated paedophilia in gay magazines and who was accused of sexually
assaulting young boys on a number of occasions, from parish to parish for almost
a decade. The documents show that when Law finally transferred him to a parish
in California, he failed to reveal that the priest was a known child abuser to
the parish priest there.

When he was put in charge of a youth accommodation facility in New York, Law
likewise failed to alert Shanley's superiors, although he knew he would be
supervising troubled youths.

For many of his years as a priest in Boston, Shanley was put in charge of
facilities for homeless boys. In 1976, he conducted an interview with Gaysweek,
a magazine aimed at the homosexual market, claiming that children were the
seducers in sexual relationships between children and adults. He also suggested
that the child would only suffer emotionally if the adult was prosecuted
"because the child would know he was the guilty party, not the adult". Another
priest subsequently wrote to Law, stating he believed Shanley was "a very sick
person", but Law took no action against him, despite complaints from nuns,
children, parents and other priests. In January this year, Law issued a public
apology to an estimated 120 children who had been abused by Fr John Geoghan. He
told parishioners that in future the Archdiocese of Boston would have "zero
tolerance" for sexual abuse by priests.

It is understood that the cardinal had submitted his resignation to the Vatican
on Wednesday but the Pope refused to accept it, fearful that it would lead to
pressure for the resignation of a number of other prominent Catholic bishops,
including Cardinal Edward Egan of New York, Bishops John McCormack of New
Hampshire and Thomas Daily of Brooklyn and several other senior members of the
Catholic hierarchy who are accused of shifting known child abusers from one
parish to another while failing to restrict their access to children.

Law and Egan are the most powerful members of America's Catholic hierarchy. Law
is regarded as a powerful figure in Rome, because of his close relationship with
the Pope.

He sent his resignation on to papal nuncio Monsignor Gabriel Montalvo in the
Vatican's Secretary of State office in Washington for delivery to Pope John Paul
II.

But the Holy See ordered Law to remain at his post. Late on Friday, he issued a
letter to his priests and parishioners stating that he would not be resigning.
The letter, which blamed the practice of shuffling child abusers from parish to
parish on "inadequate record keeping", does not apologise directly for the abuse
or acknowledge any cover-up by Law. "There was a time many years ago when
instances of sexual abuse of children were viewed almost exclusively as moral
failures. A spiritual and ascetical remedy, therefore, was deemed sufficient.
While the moral aspect of such cases is always present, these cases cannot be
reduced only to a moral component, " he wrote.

Referring to his subsequent encounters with the victims of abuse he said; "Each
of these encounters makes me more determined than ever to do all in my power to
ensure, as far as is humanly possible, that no child is ever abused again by a
priest in this archdiocese. Obviously, the best of policies cannot provide an
infallible assurance. We can, however, learn from our experiences, the
experience of others, and from our mistakes in formulating the best of policies.

"Looking back, I see that we were too focused on the individual components of
each case, when we should have been more focused on the protection of children.
This would have changed our emphasis on secrecy as a part of legal settlements.
While this focus was inspired by a desire to protect the privacy of the victim,
to avoid scandal to the faithful, and to preserve the reputation of the priest,
we now realise, both within the Church and in society at large, that secrecy
often inhibits healing and places others at risk." Only in the final chapter
does Law refer to the growing demands for his resignation. His letter suggests
that he will remain Archbishop of Boston for the foreseeable future but it has
not put an end to speculation that he may resign later this year.

"As long as I am your Archbishop, I am determined to provide the strongest
leadership possible in this area. I know that there are many who believe my
resignation is part of the solution. It distresses me greatly to have become a
lightning rod of division when mine should be a ministry of unity. My desire is
to serve this archdiocese and the whole Church with ever(sic) fiber of my being.
This I will continue to do as long as God gives me the opportunity." The news
stunned officials and members of the Catholic media, while his letter did little
to ease relations between Law and his parishioners.

Stephen Pope, chairman of the theology department at Boston College, said Law's
letter showed his isolation from the victims and average communicants.

John Roberts, editor of the National Catholic, a conservative weekly magazine
was among those calling for Law's resignation. "His reputation is shot and his
leadership is fatally weakened, " he said. Philip Lawler, editor of the Catholic
World Report suggested that the Vatican must not have seen the documents
relating to the Shanley case. But the mainstream media was not so restrained.
All week there have been withering editorials and letters in Boston's two major
newspapers, the Boston Herald and the Boston Globe, demanding that Law resign.

In an open letter to Law, Boston Globe columnist Brian McGrory wrote; "You are
now, as one disgusting revelation after another tumbles out, the core of the
problem. There is no criminal act committed by any paedophilic priest that's
worse than your practice of repeatedly and knowingly putting children in harm's
way. Your main concern, then and always, seems to be about yourself." The Pope's
refusal to accept Law's resignation almost certainly means that other senior
figures such as Egan and McCormack will also be staying put. But the long-term
effects on their archdioceses and on America's 60 million Catholics could be
devastating, particularly in the areas of vocations and donations. The Catholic
Church is heavily reliant on contributions from its parishioners and bequests to
fund its churches and other services.

But already, donations to the archdiocese have plummeted to such a degree that
many of the charitable services the archdiocese provides to the homeless and
poverty stricken have had to be cut back drastically. Law conceded last month
that the church had paid almost $50m to claimants and that it would may have to
sell its property to raise money to settle future cases.

But there is speculation that Rome is merely waiting for the initial outcry to
recede before it makes any long-term moves regarding Law.

Given its problems with dwindling numbers, it can ill afford to ignore the
wishes of its lay members.

According to Jack Sullivan, a senior reporter with the Boston Herald: "The
likely scenario would be to open up a post for Law in the Pope's cabinet and
install an apostolic administrator such as Bishop Walter Edyvean, who recently
returned to the Boston archdiocese, or Falls River Bishop Sean O'Malley."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ABOVE: Protestors call for Cardinal Law's resignation; FAR LEFT: Law,
who blamed his own practice of shuffling child abusers from parish to parish on
"inadequate record keeping"; NEAR LEFT: paedophile priest Fr Paul Shanley

                     Copyright 2002 The Sunday Tribune plc


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 1, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

TAX TROUBLE

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 190 words


The ''Year of the Woman'' doesn't guarantee a trouble-free campaign. Senate
candidate Carol
Moseley Braun of Illinois finds herself accused of mishandling personal funds. A
Chicago TV station said Wednesday that Braun didn't report a $ 28,500
inheritance she got from her mother, a nursing home resident who gets Medicaid.

The report said that in 1989, Edna Moseley signed over proceeds from timber
rights to Braun and two other children. The money was not reported to Medicaid
or the Internal Revenue Service, despite rules requiring recipients to report
all assets to the government.

Braun said she didn't report it to the IRS because ''there seems to be no state
or federal tax liability here.'' As for not contacting Medicaid, ''In hindsight,
I should have taken greater control. ...  If there were errors or oversights,
they were not deliberate.'' Braun vowed to take ''corrective action'' if needed.

Republican challenger Richard Williamson, trailing by double digits in recent
polls, said: ''Her explanation doesn't hold water.'' He accused her of a
''pattern of ethical lapses, patronage, cronyism and corruption.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: BRAUN: Oversights 'not deliberate'

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD; ELECTION '92

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 27, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

NEW HAMPSHIRE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 51 words

DATELINE: CONCORD

State has controlled liquor sales since '33. ... SEABROOK - Seabrook nuclear
plant operators said they'll pay $ 50,000 NRC fine for mishandling unplanned
June 22 shutdown. Plant officials admitted they violated procedures, didn't shut
reactor down promptly. Anti-Seabrook group: Fine is slap on wrist.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                 June 19, 2000

Calif. Market-Conduct Reports Hit Insurers

BYLINE: BY J. C. HOWARD, CALIFORNIA CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1103 words

DATELINE: Sacramento, Calif.


A California state senator unexpectedly released to the public market-conduct
exam summaries that sharply criticized several insurers on their handling of
claims following the January 1994 Northridge earthquake.

The move was denounced by insurers as flagrantly illegal and landed by a major
consumer group.

Sen. Martha Escutia, a Los Angeles-area Democrat and chairwoman of the Senate
Judiciary Committee, unveiled the sheaf of executive summaries.

The reports, based on audits conducted by Insurance Department investigators,
found hundreds of claims-handling violations that included low-balling damage
estimates, delaying payment, providing inaccurate or incomplete information to
policyholders and an array of other findings.

The confidentiality of the documents, which the Insurance Department and
insurers alike said were protected by state law, were released in part to show
systematic claims mishandling on the part of insurers, Sen. Escutia said.  She
added that release of the explosive documents, disclosed at a brief hearing of a
Senate subcommittee, was required to serve the public good.

Senate leader John Burton, D-San Francisco, said the summaries indicate "there
was a pattern and practice of deception on the part of major insurance
carriers."

The auditors noted that in the case of at least three insurers -- Bloomington,
Ill.-based State Farm, Northbrook, Ill.-based Allstate and Los Angeles-based
Farmers Home Mutual -- the alleged claims-handling violations extended beyond
their earthquake coverage to other lines as well.

The findings indicated that the alleged practices "affect all first-party
practices and are not necessarily exclusive to earthquake claims," they said.

For State Farm, the auditors found 971 violations in 746 claims files reviewed;
for Farmers Home, 483 violations in 413 files; for Allstate, 439 violations in
808 files.  For Woodland Hills, Calif.-based 21st Century -- then known as 20th
Century -- auditors found 875 violations in 431 claims files.

The insurers have repeatedly denied any suggestion that they mishandled claims.
They note that the exams were preliminary examinations that did not include
responses from the companies, and they said that release of the paperwork
constituted a crime.

Allstate representative Sharon Cooper said release of the documents violated a
legislative mandate that preliminary exams should remain confidential "for the
proper regulation of the industry, the privacy of policyholders and to keep
preliminary and inaccurate information from being released publicly."

But Doug Heller of the Santa Monica-based Foundation for Tax-payer and Consumer
Rights, an insurance watchdog group that has been Commissioner Chuck
Quackenbush's most persistent critic, said the exams were "the smoking guns that
expose the insurance companies' bad behavior after the Northridge quake."

The exams are at the heart of the deepening political scandal that has engulfed
Republican Commissioner Quackenbush, who is under investigation for allowing
insurers to avoid paying up to $ 3.7 billion in potential penalties linked to
the violations detailed by his own auditors.

Instead, the commissioner permitted the insurers to resolve the potential
violations by contributing to a nonprofit foundation he set up in April 1999
called the California Research and Assistance Fund.  A half-dozen insurers
contributed some $ 12.8 million to CRAF, and the money was supposed to go to
consumer assistance and quake-damage research.  The lion's share of the money, $
6 million, was contributed by 21st Century.

The commissioner came under fire after reports in the Los Angeles Times, The
Sacramento Bee and other papers showed that much of CRAF's money was spent on
items that politically benefited the commissioner.

Other newspaper reports disclosed that additional foundations were set up for
other insurance settlements.  In all, according to Senate and Assembly
investigators and media reports, more than two dozen settlements were
authorized, involving some $ 19 million in payments to an array of nonprofits;
CRAF, however, was the largest.

The commissioner has denied any wrongdoing, although he acknowledged that his
department made mistakes in watching the funds' spending.  His critics, however,
said the nonprofit funds were intended to let insurers off the hook for
potentially far-larger penalties, and noted that insurers have been the
principal source of the commissioner's campaign war chests for two elections.

The commissioner is scheduled to testify before the Assembly Insurance Committee
on June 19 as part of its investigation into his activities.  The commissioner
is the subject of four investigations -- by the Assembly; the Senate; the Fair
Political Practices Commission, which enforces the state's campaign finance
laws; and the state attorney general's office.

Democrats control all those bodies.

Insurers denounced the release of the exam summaries as a violation of law.  At
least two Sacramento-based insurance industry trade associations, the Personal
Insurance Federation of California and the Association of California Insurance
Companies, and several of their members are considering legal action against
Sen. Escutia.

"The law recognizes that preliminary reports are like any initial legal
allegation -- that they are one side's view of the story and not always the
correct view," said PIF representative Jerry Davies.  He noted that "no state in
the nation allows preliminary market-conduct data to be released and the
National Association of Insurance Commissioners has a model law requiring the
data to be confidential."

Barry Carmody, the president of the ACIC, agreed, calling release of the exams
"legislative misconduct."

"The reports are nothing more than the preliminary assertions of alleged
violations developed by the Department of Insurance staff more than two years
ago," Mr. Carmody said.

But Mr. Heller, the consumer-group representative, said the auditors' findings
showed widespread improprieties on the part of insurers, and that the reports
contradicted the assertions of both Commissioner Quackenbush and his aides that
the findings were largely technical and likely to fail if submitted to scrutiny
by the courts.

"Insurance companies signed a sweetheart deal when they agreed to make
tax-deductible donations to Quackenbush's foundations, because, as these reports
show, they had a lot to hide," said Mr. Heller.  Insurers have said, however,
that they supported CRAF only under pressure from the commissioner and that they
hoped to avoid years of costly litigation.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 The National Underwriter Company


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 18, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

HOCKEY;
Lemaire Plans to Mix It Up With Goalies

BYLINE: By ALEX YANNIS

SECTION: Section B;  Page 13;  Column 2;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 531 words

DATELINE: EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Oct. 17


A great practice put Jacques Lemaire in such a jovial mood today that he
admitted to mishandling his goaltenders last season when the Devils failed to
make the playoffs after winning the Stanley Cup in 1995.

"I don't want to do what I did last year and get stuck with one goalie," the
coach of the Devils said shortly after stepping off the ice this afternoon at
Continental Arena.

"You'll see one of them in one of the games," Lemaire said of his plans for at
least one of his backup goalies, Jeff Reese and Mike Dunham.

Lemaire is usually very secretive about the use of his players, and the Devils
were preparing to play a bad memory in Ottawa, the team that defeated them in
the last game and sealed their fate last season.

But the Devils had such fun in practice that their coach was
uncharacteristically forthcoming.

Lemaire said Reese was his choice over Dunham to break the streak of Martin
Brodeur, who set National Hockey League records for minutes (4,433) and games
(77) last season and has played every minute in goal this season.

Although he did not address the subject formally, Lemaire gave the first hint
that the goaltending situation would change when he started the season with
three goaltenders.

With Ottawa visiting on Friday night and the Devils going to Hartford on
Saturday night, Lemaire decided it was time to give Brodeur a rest and Reese
some ice time.

Lemaire categorically refused to pinpoint in which game he would use Reese, but
he did explain his reasoning for picking Reese over Dunham.

"It will be Reese because he's been there," Lemaire said. "He's got experience
and he's there, confidence-wise, but I can see Dunham doing well the last few
days."

The 30-year-old Reese has played 169 games in the league, while the 24-year-old
Dunham is looking to make his N.H.L. debut.

In training camp, Dunham was the front-runner to be Brodeur's backup, but
Reese's overall experience and his previous service as an N.H.L. reserve seems
to have put him ahead now.

"I was happy with training camp and played seven periods in the exhibition,"
Reese said after working out an hour longer than the rest of the team. "I don't
mind being the designated backup. I've done it all my life."

Reese was the backup to Mike Vernon in Calgary four years ago, to Sean Burke in
Hartford for two years and to Daren Puppa in Tampa Bay last season. Reese was
acquired from Tampa Bay in June in a trade for Corey Schwab, who was Brodeur's
backup last season.

Reese said the experience of being the backup most of his career has helped him
to prepare and be ready when he is called upon.

"When you play every night, it makes you sharper," Reese said. "You have to work
extra in practice to be ready."

Reese said he had no idea which game he would play. Lemaire likes to change his
goaltender after a victory in order not to put extra pressure on the new
goaltender.

SLAP SHOTS

The Devils announced that NEAL BROTEN cleared waivers in the league and would be
assigned to an independent minor league team by Friday. . . . KEN DANEYKO will
return to his place on defense against Ottawa after missing the victory over
Montreal with a pulled hip flexor.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 27, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE NATION;
Where Are the 'Stealth' Papers?

BYLINE: By Michael Wright and Caroline Rand Herron

SECTION: Section 4; Page 4, Column 4; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 246 words


A month ago, John D. Dingell, the Michigan Democrat who heads a House
investigative subcomittee, charged that Lockheed Corporation was mishandling
classified documents. Company spokesmen said that was news to them. Last week,
though, Lawrence O. Kitchen, Lockheed's chairman and chief executive officer,
conceded that more than a thousand secret documents had been misplaced at a
plant in Burbank, Calif. ''Our internal laxness is inexcusable,'' he said. ''I
assure you that we are committed to full and timely corrective action.''

Neither Mr. Kitchen nor members of the Subcommittee on Oversight and
Investigations of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, which has been
looking into how careful defense contractors are with Government secrets, said
precisely what the documents described. But other sources said the paperwork
concerned several projects, among them the F-19, a radar-evading Stealth fighter
that the Burbank plant began producing in 1984.

Lockheed officials said they did not believe any of the missing documents had
ended up in a K.G.B. pouch, but they could not swear to it. Neither could the
Pentagon.  ''Although we have no information to suggest that the information
associated with the contract has been compromised in the sense of getting to
some foreign government,'' said Robert M. Sims, a Pentagon spokesman,
''obviously an inability to account for the documents internally makes it
impossible to know if such compromises have occurred.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company
